2

NEWS OF THE DAY

ITEMS FROM VARIOUS PARTS OF
THE WORLD
Outside the State of Washington—Resume of
the Less Important, Though Not Less
Interesting, Happenings of the Past Week
in a Condensed, but Comprehensive
Form.
Secretary Shaw says that he is not a
presidential candidate.
Inquiry into the alleged shooting of
President Loubet of France proves the
story to be untrue.
Whitelaw Reid, special ambassador of
the United States to the coronation of
King Edward, has returned.
J. Pierpont Morgan emphatically denies that he will retire from business
on his return to the United States.
Three persons were fatally hurt and
eight others seriously injured by a train
hitting a streetcar at Terre Haute,
Ind.
Commodore Joseph E. Montgomery,
the veteran Confederate commander,
who in the Civil War almost succeeded
in capturing General Grant, is dead at
the home of his son in Chicago.
United States Senator M. S. Quay
was swept out to sea by a violent storm
while fishing in a small boat off Atlantic
City. The senator had a narrow
escape but the boat rode out the storm.
The famous Dominican church at
Venice is in danger of collapse.
Three children were drowned in the
Allegheny River at Pittsburgh, while
swimming.
Alfred H. Wise, a pioneer banker of
Freeport, Ill., who was widely known
in the West, is dead.
Russia's financial agent at Washington
officially states that the recent
note from Russia to the powers on the
Brussels sugar conference was not
intended for the United States.
Pablo Maura, the Filipino bandit
who has terrorized the Island of Romblon for ten years, was captured by native constabulary, but with his arms
tied sprang from a boat and was
drowned.
General Funnell's army has been
forced to retreat in Haiti.
King Edward's illness is now alleged
to have been brought on by an automobile
accident of which the public was
unaware.
A passenger train ran through an
open switch at Los Angeles, crashed
into an oil car and wrecked the engine
and five cars.
The Montana supreme court decided
against F. A. Heinze and the Montana
Ore Purchasing Company, in the contest for ownership of the Snowbird mine
at Butte.
In a long speech at Mountain Lake
Park, Md., William J. Bryan practically
declared that he would not again be
a candidate for president, and he
strongly reiterated his free silver belief.

TRACY'S MOVEMENTS.

Whereabouts of the Outlaw for
Past Few Days.
Wilbur, Aug. 8.—Charles McCarthy,
who has a ranch on Martin Hollow, 12
miles south of here, came in and re
ported that a man answering Tracy's
description, riding a gray horse, having
a rifle strapped to his saddle carrying
two revolvers and leading a pack horse,
called at his house Sunday morning and
inquired the direction and distance to
Withee, Davenport, Reardon and
Spokane, Aug. 4.—From latest in
formation it is believed that Tracy is
making his way by night rides in a
roundabout manner toward Davenport.
Saturday night, a stranger riding a
horse like the last one appropriated by
the outlaw, passed the house of John
Sterrett, on Connewaugh Creek, 12 miles
from Davenport. He inquired the way
to Davenport from Mrs. Sterrett, but
did not come near the house, shouting
his inquiry from the road. Posses are
guarding every outlet from the section
where the outlaw is supposed to be, and
there are rumors of his being seen in
several places Saturday.

LEOPOLD COMING.

King of the Belgians Will Visit the
United States.
Paris, Aug. 4.—In his new magnificent
home on Massachusetts Avenue,
Washington, D. C., Thomas F. Walsh
will next winter entertain the first
European king who ever visited America.
And "Tom" Walsh, his partner, and
himself a "king" of money and mines,
will be the royal visitor's host.
It is said that King Leopold of
Belgium is surely going and his visit will
not be one purely for pleasure. According
to the program, as reported, Mr.
Walsh is to take his majesty on a tour
of the states in a private car, the tour
to conclude at Mr. Walsh's famous
Camp Bird mine. Here the miner will
show the king how he makes money,
and Leopold will bring back valuable
suggestions to be used in the development
of his Belgium mines.

STEYN VERY ILL.

London, Aug. 8.—Former President
Steyn of the Orange Free State arrived
at Southampton with his family in the
steamship Carlsbrook Castle. He was
met by Messrs. Fischer, Wessels and
Pes Bruyn, the former Boer delegates.
He will go to The Hague, where Former
President Kroger will meet him. Mr.
Steyn was too ill to be sure of the journey to
London.

WASHINGTON STATE NEWS.

The Caledonian Society of Seattle
held its first annual picnic at Madison
Park. Numerous Scotsmen wore the
Highland costume.

Two sailors attacked the mate of the
British ship Glenholm in the Seattle
harbor and a fight ensued that nearly
resulted in a mutiny.

The city jail of Seattle has been condemned
by the health officials, but in
spite of its filthy condition unfortunates
of all classes are incarcerated there.

A number of idiots claiming to be
Harry Tracy are prowling about Seattle
and frightening defenseless women by
their harrowing tales and fierce threats.

Frank Covey, a saloonkeeper, was
drugged and robbed of $500 at Oso.
Peter Service, a Spokane druggist, is
believed to have committed the crime.

The Snohomish county board of
equalization has begun its three weeks'
session at Everett. The assessment rolls
show taxable property in the county for
1902 to be $1,950,288. Everett has in
creased 50 per cent, and Snohomish
county 19 per cent.
E. H. Gray was killed by a switch
engine at Everett.
The Seattle Electric Company will
place all service wires in the business
section of the city underground.
Indian fishermen at Port Angeles
canneries refused to stand a reduction
of 2 cents per fish and went on strike.
The Centennial flour mills at Spokane
have been destroyed by fire. Loss is
estimated at fully $85,000. The company
will rebuild as soon as possible.
At the Transmississippi Commercial
conference, to be held in St. Paul,
August 19, the Seattle chamber of commerce
will present the needs of Alaska
in the way of government concessions.
Cyrus Happy, Joe Sears and H. G.
Lougee, of Spokane, are on their way
to Tenino to plan coal bunkers and
other extensive improvements for the
Great Western coal mine, located near
that place.
William Ritz, for five years president
of the Walla Walla Fruit Fair, suddenly
resigned, and his place is now vacant.
A business man will likely be elected
in a few days, or as soon as the executive
committee can arrange a meeting.
Mr. Ritz is an old settler, and at
present a very wealthy farmer.
The Miller House at Tekoa was
destroyed by fire. The loss is estimated
at $15,000.
The Order of Red Men stopped the
Tracy and Merrill show at Everett on a
technicality, the opera house manager
having allowed his license to lapse.
Collector Clarence W. Ide of Port
Townsend has announced his first appointment,
It is that of Ernest L.
Scott to be private secretary to Colonel
Ide.
Miss Florence Walker has been
chosen queen of the Elks carnival at
Seattle by a vote of 6,991. Her closest
competitor, Miss Elizabeth Newman,
received 3,741 votes.
Prof. James W. Dow, formerly of
Cheney, and until recently principal of
the Eells Academy, of Colville, has accepted
the position of principal of the
Union high school at Chewelah.
Engineers have located a permanent
line for the Bellingham Bay & British
Columbia railway through Hannigan
Pass, and by the construction of a tunnel
instead of a switchback it would be
possible to go through the Cascades
without any steeper grade than has
been encountered in the construction of
the road to Maple Falls.

LARGE INTERESTS INVOLVED.

Klondikers Go to Law Over Valuable
Claims.
Dawson, Aug. 5.—A suit, involving
the largest amount of property ever
contested in the Yukon, was filed in the
territorial court against Charles Worden,
a wealthy Klondiker, also a holder
of valuable real estate in Seattle, and
the estate of his deceased brother.
William Zahn seeks a third of the
interests of Charles F. Worden and the
estate of Charlie Worden, the brother.
Zahn came into the country in 1896
from Petaluma, Cal., with the Worden
brothers. The Worden boys staked
claims Nos. 25 and 26, and
became two of the wealthiest miners of
the Klondike, and are now reputed to
have taken out perhaps
$1,000,000, while the claims are still heavy
producers.
Zahn alleges in his statement of
claim in the court that he and the Worden
brothers made an agreement at
Petaluma, before coming into the Yukon,
that they should all share and share alike
in whatever any of them
should stake or acquire in mining, and
on this contention he bases a claim for
a third of the entire output of the two
famous Eldorado claims and a third interest
in each of the claims. At the
time when the big strike was made in
the Klondike, Zahn and the Worden
boys were on the Stewart River, where
they had been working oars.

CORTALMA INJURED.

Hanford, Conn., Aug. 8.—An accident
marred what was expected would
prove to be the greatest trotting event
in turf history. In the third heat of
the $50,000 match race between Lord
Derby, owned by E. E. Smithers, of
New York, and Cortalma, of which
Thomas W. Lawson, of Boston, is the
owner, the latter horse sustained an injury
which caused him to be drawn,
and the race was given to Lord Derby.
The result was a bitter disappointment,
not only to the owner of the Boston
horse, but to the general public, which,
to the number of 15,000 congregated at
Charter Oak Park.

ABERDEEN HERALD. THURSDAY, AUGUST 7, 1902

David Merrill, Who Was Killed by Harry Tracy.

MOVE TO SEATTLE

HEADQUARTERS OF COLUMBIA
WILL BE CHANGED.
General Randall, His Staff and Other
High Officers Will Leave Vancouver—The
Loss of Army Trade to City of Portland Will Be
Great.
Portland, Or., Aug. 2.—According to
reports current in army circles, the
headquarters of General G. R. Randall,
commander of the Department of the
Columbia, are to be moved from Vancouver
to Seattle. Citizens of Seattle
have been working hard for some time
to induce the war department to make
the change, and although their movements
were known to the people of this
city, no great efforts were made by Portlanders
to offset them.
When General Randall goes he will
take with him the chief quartermaster,
chief commissary, chief of ordnance,
paymaster, signal officer and chief of
surgeons. It is natural that the
supplies of each of these important
branches of the department will be
bought wherever the chief officer resides,
so the loss in business to Portland may
be quickly appreciated.
The reasons given for the removal are
that Seattle is more central than Vancouver,
when Alaska is considered, and
that the head of the department should
not reside at the garrison. Where the
head officer and the post commander
have different opinions in regard to the
conduct of the post, there is likely to
be friction. General Randall is the
only department commander in the
United States whose headquarters are
in a garrison. The other commanding
generals all reside in cities. A sub
station for the purchase of supplies will
be retained in Portland. Col. Jacobs,
who has had charge of the quartermaster's
department here since 1899, will
retire from the position within a few
weeks, but who his successor is to be
is not yet made known.

INVINCIBLE NAVY.

Our Fighters of the Sea to Be Made
Impregnable.
Washington, D. C., Aug. 8.—With
the full development of the appliances
of war within its control, the United
States will be in a position to defy the
navies of the world. A few days ago it
was made known through the newspapers
that army ordnance experts had
developed a shell and fuse which will
penetrate the armor used by battleships
from 12 to 14 inches thick. To
meet this invention, foreign nations
would need to enclose their ships of war
with from 7,000 to 10,000 tons of
armor.
Now, Lieutenant Havis, attached to
the naval ordnance bureau, has produced
an armor plate which, it is believed by
the naval experts, is sufficient to withstand
the new projectile of the war
department.
If the government is able to keep the
secret of these inventions, have its new
ships clad with the new armor and
armed with guns capable of carrying
the new shell and explosive, the United
States navy would be the terror of the
world, able to sink an enemy's fleet
and remain unharmed.
The best ships of Great Britain and
Germany now building carry but 4,900
tons of armor. This would be comparatively
useless against the new projectile
and explosive. The new Davis
armor on the other hand is declared to
be one-third lighter for the same resisting
power, and consequently American
ships encased in this armor would be
of less draught, speedier and invulnerable
to attack.

OFFICERS ON THE RUN.

Panama, Aug. 8.—Telegraphic communication
with San Carlos was re-established
during the afternoon, and at
5 p. m. General Salazar received a telegram
from San Carlos saying that some
revolutionary officers belonging to the
force under General Herrera had passed
that town in flight. They reported the
defeat of the revolutionists at Agua
Dulce. This news has not been confirmed,
and details and further information
are awaited.

BUYS VALUABLE PROPERTY.

Northern Pacific Railroad Company
Grasping Opportunities.
Seattle, Aug. 2.—By the deal which
was consummated in New York, by W.
E. Guerin, of the terminal properties
and railroad and coal mining interests
of the Seattle and San Francisco Railway
& Navigation Company, the old Seattle
warehouse and terminal properties in
this city, consisting of a line of railway
crossing the bay, and a warehouse and
much valuable tide land property in
West Seattle, become the property of
the Northern Pacific. The deal involves
property worth practically $1,300,000,
as the Leary coal mines are
also included. A new board of directors
of the Seattle & San Francisco Railway
& Navigation Company was elected
at a meeting held in this city, whereby
C. S. Mellen, president of the Northern
Pacific, becomes president of the company
and B. F. Bush, who has charge
of the Northern Pacific coal mines in
the West, is elected vice president and
general manager.
Undoubtedly the deal which was
closed in New York at a meeting between
representatives of the Northern
Pacific and Mr. Guerin, means much
for Seattle. Through this deal, the
Northern Pacific becomes more heavily
interested in Seattle than ever before.
Moreover, the railway extending across
Elliott Bay and formerly known as the
West Seattle terminal railway, occupies
a most important strategic position,
lying as it does north of Railroad Avenue
and between that thoroughfare and
deep water. The tide lands across
which the railway to West Seattle extends,
are being filled in and within a
few years there will be extensive warehouses
and deep water slips for the accommodation
of ocean-going craft of
every description. Entry to these
wharves from Railroad Avenue is only
possible by crossing the tracks of the
railway purchased by the Northern
Pacific.

MITCHELL INSINCERE.

Citizen Alliance of Wilkesbarre
Accuses Miners' Idol of
Duplicity.
Wilkesbarre, Pa., Aug. 4.—The Citizens'
Alliance closed its correspondence
with Mr. Mitchell of the Mine Workers
in a public letter in which his insincerity
in his protestations against lawlessness
is alleged. Another organization
known as the Workingmen's Alliance
was organized at a big meeting of men
of all crafts. A permanent organization
was formed and its policy, as outlined
by some of the members, will be
to counteract the effects of the Citizens'
Alliance. The local labor leaders
claim to have discovered a big plot having
for its purpose the resumption of
work with men unfamiliar with the
mines. It is openly stated that certificates
as miners are being given out in
lots of a hundred to the men the company
will want to work when the opportune
time arrives.
Several sensational arrests are looked
for within a few days.
Three thousand citizens and business
men have formed a temporary organization
known as the Public Alliance,
which has for its purpose the sending
of the miners' strike by arbitration.

CONGRESSIONAL TEXT BOOK.

Washington, Aug. 4.—The Republican
text book for the campaign of 1902
has been issued by the Republican congressional
committee. The book, which
is in pamphlet form, containing 320
pages, makes liberal quotations from
the speeches of both McKinley and
Roosevelt, and also extracts from their
messages to Congress in support of the
Republican doctrine. The book reviews
the record of the Republican party from
its beginning to the present time.

BEST IPATIENDA'S RECORD.

Columbus, O., Aug. 8.—The feature
of the closing day of the grand circuit
harness meet was the successful attempt
of the undefeated pacing stallion Dan
Patch to beat the record of his sire, Joe
Patchen, 2:00 3/5. The handsome brown
horse circled the track in 2:00 3/5,
half a second faster than the world record.

THE CONFERENCE

BIG BEND FARMERS AND RAILROAD
MAGNATES CONFER.

Interesting and Instructive Meeting
at Davenport — President Hill
Makes a Speech and President
Mellen Springs a Pleasant Surprise on His Hearers.

Davenport, Aug. 5.—A farmer among
farmers, James J. Hill, president of the
Great Northern Railway, at the Davenport
conference, drew the agricultural
interests of the Big Bend country and
the railroads closer together than ever
before in the history of the state. In
his plea for partnership and cooperation
between the railway companies
and the farmers Mr. Hill had the full
sympathy of his listeners. The president
set forth the fact of partnership
between the two interests in a new
light. He was given a cordial reception
by the wheat growers and the prevailing
characteristic of the gathering
seemed to be the desire of all concerned
to join together in the upbuilding of
the state as a factor in agriculture.
The few who attended with the object
of criticism were disarmed by the frankness
and sincerity which marked Mr.
Hill's words throughout the conference.
While he could not make any definite
statement concerning a reduction of
freight rates until he has attended the
conference being arranged by farmers
elsewhere, the president of the Great
Northern assured the assemblage that
if any action was taken the coming
wheat crop would feel the benefit. His
words were received with rounds of
warm applause. The farmers interpret
Mr. Hill's words to mean that action will
be taken after he has conferred with the
wheat growers in other parts of Eastern
Washington. He told them
they must look to the Pacific and the
Orient for their markets.
President C. S. Mellen of the
Northern Pacific announced at the open
meeting that his company will build a
railroad between Coulee and Adrian at
a cost of $350,000. The distance is
about 20 miles, but the construction of
the line will benefit a large stretch of
territory in the Big Bend. The announcement
was totally unexpected,
and created great enthusiasm among
the farmers. Mr. Mellen said that the
company would present the road to the
farmers as a gift. The construction of
the tracks will save the Northern
Pacific a long back haul of 150 miles in
transporting the freight of the Big
Bend country to the Coast.
When the conference closed the best
of feeling existed on both sides. The
farmers made no effort to disguise their
satisfaction with the results of the assembly.

Spokane, Aug. 8.—Grain rates will
be reduced from all points in Eastern
Washington, and the reduction will
take place in time to benefit the farmers
on this year's crop. The amount of
reduction is yet to be determined, but
conjecture ranges from 1 cent to 2 cents
per bushel.
As a result of the Grand Coulee-
Adrian connection, which will be completed
before January 1 if possible, the
Northern Pacific will cease hauling
grain eastward to Spokane and thence
westward to the Coast, and will move
its share of the tonnage to the terminus
of the Central Washington branch.
There it will be taken by the Great
Northern and carried to Seattle, instead
of Tacoma, as heretofore. These announcements
were made by President
Mellen of the Northern Pacific, at
Davenport.

CAUKEB COMMENT.

San Francisco Dislikes Migration of
Soldiers.
San Francisco, Aug. 8.—Word has
been received that the Sixty-second
company of Coast Artillery, Capt. Clarence
Deems commanding, which has
been on duty at Fort Mason for some
time, has been ordered to Fort Worden,
Wash. This makes the third company
of Coast Artillery which has been withdrawn
from this harbor in the last
month and ordered to duty on Puget
Sound. With these three companies
there were scarcely enough artillerymen
in this harbor, which is the
strongest in the United States, and the
fact that San Francisco is being stripped
to supply the posts of Puget Sound
is causing considerable comment.
The fortifications of San Francisco
are so strong that no hostile ship would
dare to try to pass her guns, providing
they were properly manned. A comparatively
small force is sufficient to
keep the guns in order, but they are all
worked by very complicated high-power
machinery, and it is necessary that the
artillerymen, officers and men, be stationed
near the fortifications so as to
get the benefit of continual drill.

SENTRIES WILL SHOOT.

Shenandoah, Pa., Aug. 8.—The entire
Eighth regiment was called to
arms as a result of three attacks by men
in ambush, who attacked the troops
now in camp on the plateau outside the
town. These attacks are becoming so
frequent that Brigadier General Gobin
has decided to adopt stern measures to
end them. A double guard, supplied
with ball cartridges, surrounds the
camp and sentries have been instructed
that if stone throwing is rejected they
must shoot to kill, and investigate afterwards.

DOZEN INJURED.

Cadillac, Mich., Aug. 4.—An excursion
train on the Ann Arbor railway,
made up of 11 coaches, and carrying
700 people, was wrecked six miles north
of Cadillac. So far as known no one
was killed, but about a dozen persons
injured, some seriously.

PUBLIC GOODS

DISTANT ACQUISITIONS MAKE
Good Customers.
Hawaiian Islands, Puerto Rico and the
Philippine Islands
Fully $50,000,000 Worth of Our
Products Every Year—Material
Increase Since 1897.

Washington, Aug. 4.—The non-contiguous
territory of the United States
now furnishes a market for $50,000,000
worth of the products of her people. A
statement just prepared by the treasury
bureau of statistics shows that the shipments
from the United States to its
non-contiguous territory during the fiscal
year just ended have been, in round
terms, as follows:
To Hawaiian Islands, $20,000,000;
Alaska, $15,000,000; Puerto Rico, $9,000,000;
the Philippines, $5,000,000.
This is practically five times as much
as the exports to those territories in
1897, when none of them, except Alaska,
was under the American flag. The
exports to Puerto Rico in the fiscal year
1897, for example, were $1,988,888,
and in the fiscal year 1901 they were
over $10,000,000, the exact figures for
11 months being more than $9,500,000;
and while the figures for the twelfth
month have not been received, it is certain
that the total will exceed $10,000,000.
To Hawaii our exports in the
fiscal year 1902 the best estimate of the
customs authorities is, in round terms,
$20,000,000.

LET CONTRACT.

Work on the Riparia-Lewiston Line
to Begin at Once.
Portland, Or., Aug. 4.—The contract
for building the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation line on the north bank of
the Snake River between Riparia and
Lewiston was awarded to Wren A.
Greenough, contractors. Mr. Wren
lives at Spokane and Mr. Greenough at
Missoula, Mont. Work on the new
contract is to begin at once and to be
completed by April 15 of next year.
There are 71 miles of road to build, and
this contract covers grading and bridging
for the whole line, involving about
$600,000.
The company now has eight crews of
engineers on the line ready to direct
and supervise the work on the several
sections. At Lewiston it will be necessary
to construct a bridge 1,000 feet
long across the Clearwater River. This
will be made of steel, and its cost will
be about $350,000. After the completion
of the roadbed it will take about
three months to lay the track and put
it in shape for operation, so it is not
the regular running of trains
over the new line will begin much before
the first of next August. The
Northern Pacific will use the line jointly
with the O. R. & N.

HOT ENGAGEMENT.

South Americans Get Reckless and
Do Real Fighting.
Panama, Aug. 4.—The peace commissioners
who left here July 29 on
the British steamer Cana to visit the
revolutionary Gen. Herrera, near Agua,
returned to Panama at noon. They informed
the representative of the Associated
Press that they were unable to fill their
mission because a very severe engagement
between Herrera's forces
and the government troops had been in
progress since Tuesday, July 29, when
the revolutionary forces began to attack
Agua Dulce.
At 5 o'clock Thursday morning the
best battalions of the revolutionary
forces attacked the government entrenchments
with fierce courage. The
slaughter of the revolutionists is said to
have been excessive and barbarous.
That same afternoon a white flag was
raised in their camp, and they asked
for an armistice during which they
could bury their dead. This was
granted. The losses of the rebels up to
Wednesday, July 30, were reported at
over 200, while the government forces
had had eight men killed and 11
wounded.

PROTEST RECEIVED.

Railroads Object to Montana's Assessment
Increase.
Helena, Aug. 1.—The state board of
equalization has received protests from
representatives of railroads operating in
Montana, against the increase of 185
per cent in railroad assessment of the
state. They will be given a hearing
next week. A raise in the assessment
means that railroads will pay between
$420,000 and $450,000 more in taxes
in Montana for this year than last.
Gov. Toole favored the increase of 300
per cent, but the state auditor and
state treasurer, who with himself constituted
the majority of the board, induced
him to accept the assessment as
made.

MORGAN BUYS A HOUSE.

New York, Aug. 4.—Pierpont
Morgan has just purchased from Georgiana,
the Countess of Dudley, her
handsome house at No. 33 Grosvenor
Street, cables the World's London correspondent.
The house stands at the
corner of Davies Street and is most conveniently
situated. Lady Dudley had
her house beautifully decorated and
finished at a cost of nearly $200,000.

WAR IS OVER.

Washington, Aug. 8.—Commander
McCrea of the gunboat Macleish, stationed
at Cagayan Bay, cables that
affairs there appear more satisfactory.
The national forces are well armed and
the rebels have been driven from their
menacing position. There is thought
to be no further danger of serious disturbance.