STOP AT RHEINOSTER

Roberts' Infantry Delayed by
Unfordable River

HIS CAVALRY IS FA 15 IN ADVANCE

Forces Are Facing 11,000 Boers
Hopes Referendum on the Question
of Continuing the War Longer.

London May 21.—Lord Roberts' infantry advance is delayed at the Rhenoster river for a day or two by the depth of the stream, which is not fordable. The banks which are precipitous, are 40 feet high. A pontoon and temporary bridge are under construction. The railway had not been damaged to any great extent between Kroonstad and Rhenoster. The Transvaalers defended the Free Staters by destroying their splendid bridges while retiring to Kroonstad. They refrained from doing this on the retreat to Rhenoster, but now they are destroying the railway and bridges almost completely north of the Rhenoster.
The British troops are in the form of a crescent, with horns 80 miles apart, with General French's cavalry on the left, within 38 miles from the Vaal, and General Ian Hamilton's infantry on the right within 150 miles of the Vaal. The center of the crescent is about 40 miles from the Vaal. Seventy or 80 miles to the left Lord Methuen is advancing upon the Vaal.
Later telegrams say that 3,000 British, with 10 guns, are near Vredefort, which is close to the Vaal and close to Parys. One correspondent refers to the advance as a "promenade." Another describes it as a "Boer hunt." The Free Staters are pictured as "bolting like hares" at the first sight of the British. The latter, according to the writer, do not even find women and children, as the fleeing farmers take their families with them, in consequence of the reports current among the Transvaalers that the British kidnap all children over 12 years of age. The Boer rear guard was composed of Russians, to whom was committed the task of destroying the bridges. They also looted freely.
What the Boers are doing is an absolute mystery. The embargo of news in Pretoria for the last 24 hours has been complete. Such shreds of information as the correspondents at Lorenzo Marques have picked up do not illuminate the Boer designs and dispositions further than that the movement toward Lydenburg continues and that a referendum on the question of continuing the war is going on among the Boer fighting men. It may be a fortnight before the results of this singular vote are fully before the Transvaal government. If the English view of Boer discouragement is only half right, the Boers will vote to quit.

GERMANY COMPLAINS

About Vexatious Regulations on Her Manufactures.
New York, May 20.—A special to the Herald from Washington, says: In answer to the complaints made by the United States against the restrictions imposed upon American meats, Germany is complaining of vexatious regulations enforced with respect to her manufactures.
Under the rule of the treasury department, consular officers are required to report on the composition of manufactures imported from Germany into the United States. The manufacturers are averse to communicating to foreign consular officers the ingredients they employ and the German government has sustained them in their refusal to do so. The Berlin authorities think that the regulations might be amended so as to remove the cause of complaint. Action will not be taken by this government, however, until it learns the final decision of the German legislature on the meat inspection bill.
It is hoped of the state department that the Bundesrath will amend the bill so as to remove the prohibition upon canned meats and sausage, which the Reichstag bill imposes.
There is no expectation among officials that negotiations for a treaty of reciprocity with Germany will be resumed for some time.

Spectacle in St. Peter's.

Rome, May 20.—There was a magnificent spectacle in St. Peter's today on the occasion of the canonization of Jean Baptiste de La Salle, founder of the Order of Christian Brothers and Rose of Viterbo, a nun of the Augustinian order. The interior of the vast Basilica was illuminated and adorned with magnificent hangings, and the building was filled with a great concourse of people, including all the pontifical dignitaries, diplomats and Roman nobility. Pope Leo, attired in his state robes, was borne at the head of an imposing procession. A roar of cheering rose from the multitude on the pope's approach, but the applause was quickly hushed by the guards.

RUSSIAN WARSHIPS LAUNCHED.

St. Petersburg, May 30.—The Russian battleship Poltava and the Russian cruiser Aurora were launched today in the presence of Emperor Nicholas. The czar also watched the keel laying of two other battleships.

PROBABLY AGONCILLO'S WORK.

Washington, May 20. —The Paris dispatch of an insurgent victory in Catubig is undoubtedly a Filipino account of the battle which occurred on May 30, and in which there were about 20 American casualties. It will be remembered that Agoncillo, the representative of Aguinaldo, is in Paris, and that he from time to time gives out alleged dispatches regarding events in the Philippines, which have always proved to be exaggerated accounts of occurrences that have been fully published.

CUBA AND THE ORIENT.

Inland Population the Subject of Debate in the Senate.
Washington, May 21. —The duty of the United States towards its "island possessions" was the subject of heated discussion in the senate again today. Soon after the senate convened, Bacon began an extended reply to the speech of Platt, delivered yesterday. His speech was largely supplemental to that which he delivered several days ago, demanding an investigation of Cuban affairs. His resolution, to which there is little or no opposition, under the rules went to the committee on contingent expenses.
The remainder of the afternoon was occupied by Spooner in concluding his speech on the Philippine question. The debate which he aroused took a turn decidedly political. He charged the so-called anti-imperialists with creating an issue which was not legitimate. Many of his statements were controverted by Allen and Pettigrew, and the controversy at times became almost personal.
Washington, May 26.—The house practically devoted eight hours today to the consideration of the Alaska-civil government bill, but progress was slow. Two amendments of importance were adopted. One of them authorized the secretary of war to issue permits to excavate or dredge for gold below low water mark on the beach at Cape Nome. The secretary has heretofore issued permits, but the bill as it passed the senate cancelled them. The house also struck out the chapter relating to arrest and bail, which permitted arrests in certain civil actions. The conference report on the Indian appropriation bill was adopted.

RUSSIA PLOTTING IN KOREA.

Fomenting Rebellion in Order to Gain a Foothold There.
Victoria, B. C., May 26.—The Northern Pacific liner Mongolia reached here yesterday morning, having defeated the Victoria, of the same line, in a race across the Pacific. She brings news that Russia is continuing her aggression in Korea, and reports published in the Hong Kong press state that during the maneuvers a Russian warship fired a shot at a Japanese ship. A serious rebellion has broken out in Korea, for which Russian agents are held responsible. It is believed in the Orient that Russia will offer troops to repel the rebels, and, once getting a foothold in the country, will remain there. Announcement is made that Russia and Korea have entered into a secret treaty. Russia has met with armed opposition in the Liaoyang peninsula, near Mukden, having seven men wounded by natives.
Chinese rebels in South China are arming several vessels with arms and ammunition for them having been seized.
The United States government steamer Antelope, wrecked on the northern end of Luzon, has been raised.

AUK FOR AN INJUNCTION.

San Francisco, May 26.—The only development in the plague situation today was an application made in the United States court by the Chinese for a temporary injunction to restrain the San Francisco board of health and Dr. Kenyon, the federal quarantine officer, from interfering with the commerce and comfort of the Chinese quarter by establishing a quarantine on the pretext that the bubonic plague exists in this city. Judge Morrow said that he did not like to issue a restraining order in so important a matter without giving the other side a hearing. For that reason he refused to grant a restraining order, but granted, instead, an order to show cause why an injunction should not be issued. The order to show cause is returnable at 11 A. M. tomorrow.

CHINESE PROTEST.

Washington, May 20.—The Chinese minister has received numerous telegrams from Chinese residents of San Francisco, asking him to have revoked the order that they shall be inoculated with the anti-plague serum. The situation in San Francisco is very grave, as the Chinese have a great fear of this treatment, and serious trouble may ensue if it is continued. The minister commented upon the fact that the whites are not being treated, and expressed the opinion that this was not fair.

IN GERMAN SAMOA.

Berlin, May 20.—The disquieting news from Samoa, through English channels is discredited here. The Berliner Tageblatt, commenting upon it, says: "This is merely additional evidence that the English continue intriguing in Samoa." The Lokal Anzeiger prints correspondence from Samoa, describing the situation there as "satisfactory."

RIOTS IN PRUSSIA.

Berlin, May 20.—Riots have occurred repeatedly within the last few days at Stolp, in the province of Pomerania, Prussia. Cavalry was summoned and attacked the crowd, and a score of persons were injured.

CHARGED WITH EMBEZZLEMENT.

Carbondale, Ill., May 20. —W. T. Wykes, of this city, was arrested late last night in St. Louis, charged with the embezzlement of $5,000 from the firm of Whitney & Co., of San Francisco.

HORR KING KITORLAINED.

Washington, May 20.—Representative William Alden Smith, of Michigan, gave a dinner tonight at the Hotel Gordon to the Boer commissioners. Several members of congress were present. Webster Davis, in a speech at the end of the dinner, expressed in a most emphatic way his views, declaring that the whole people of the United States believe in the cause of liberty which was represented by the guests.

OIL IS EVERYWHERE

Even the Air in California Is Full of It.

DISTRICT IN SOUTHERN PART

Petroleum Vim Durning Six Years—Since That Time 700 Wells Have Been Sunk.

The air in California, as well as the ground, is full of oil. It is on the street, in the bank, in the office—everywhere. Valuable space in the local papers is daily filled with lurid descriptions of the fortunes that await investors in shares of oil stock, and, indeed, remote must be the district and illiterate the domestic to whom the dazzling pictures of fortunes in oil investment are not as familiar as a twice-told tale. An oil exchange has been formed in Los Angeles, occupying a store room on the principal street, where for an hour a day the interested meet and advance or depress oil shares. Hundreds of derricks are being established beyond the original oil limits, and day and night the pumps are unceasingly pumping oil. For rugged, precipitous hills, that a few months ago were worth only a few hundred dollars, certified checks for a hundred thousand are now refused and property is leased at fabulous prices.
This condition is not confined to Los Angeles; from San Diego come reports of increasing oil findings.
Six years ago an enterprising individual bored an oil well in Los Angeles; since that time 700 wells, each costing $2,000, have been sunk. While some of these have become exhausted, a great many are still running, and new wells are being dug at the rapid rate of at least 100 a month. A procession of tanks is ever on the move from the oil districts to the various city manufactories; electric light machinery works and railway shops carry this valuable fuel, 30 barrels of which is equal to one ton of soft coal. The base of California oil is asphaltum, its average gravity is about 15 degrees, it is a thick, black oil, and one of the best fuels yet discovered. Its by-products enter into the lubricating oil, the painters, printers and other trades, and the asphaltum, after the oil has been extracted, can be used for street paving; indeed, the ancient Mexican who inhabited these regions a hundred years ago used it for roofing.
There is no surety as to the cost of sinking an oil well; a safe average may be stated at $2,000. Doing through soft sandstone, the borer has a comparatively easy task, unless he drops a tool or breaks his tubing, when the cost may be much increased. At first the product sold for $2 a barrel of 42 gallons, but went down to 85 cents, at which figure many industries altered their engines to burn oil, for oil at that figure resulted in vast economy to them. After the engines were changed to burn oil up went the price, so that coal after all proved in some cases the cheaper fuel. The price is not likely to go over $1.25, and may, in consequence of the recent discoveries of new fields of almost unlimited extent, go down to a nominal figure again. Large storage tanks are built in Los Angeles, containing upwards of 500,000 barrels of oil. The average daily product in Los Angeles is about 5,000 barrels; nearly $2,000,000 per annum, therefore, is flowing into Los Angeles county today from the sale of oil alone, and about an eighth of that is paid to the workers at the pumps and haulers of the portable tanks. A vast force is engaged in the manufacture of machinery for the oil wells, and, in quoting these statistics in reference to widespread benefits of the oil industry, some odd thousand street oil brokers and dealers in oil company shares must not be forgotten, for these people subsist, temporarily at least, upon the indirect oil output. One of the most interesting oil fields is that of Summerland, in Santa Barbara county, where wells have been dug out in the ocean below high tide, and wharves are run out from the shore upon which the pumping machinery is placed.
When we consider the fact that the export oil trade of the United States is decreasing; that the total shipments of 1898 were 80,000,000 barrels less than those of 1897, the discoveries of new oil fields and the attending excitement in California will be gratifying. It opens up a prospect for the Asiatic trade that this country will undoubtedly take advantage of; the Russian and Bornean oil will have a competitor in California; freights to the Orient from San Francisco will be considerably less than from Philadelphia.—Mining and Scientific Press.

Portland, May 27.—K. B. Cowan tells the Oregonian that people need have no fears about the Uaker county mines, as the district has made better returns for the amount so far invested than any mining region in the United States. Mr. Cowan spoke of a 10-stamp plant that nets its owners $20,000 a month. In addition to the mines that are being regularly worked, a vast amount of prospecting and developing is going on. In all respects the mining future of Eastern Oregon is much better than Nome, Mr. Cowan thinks.
On a farm in West Virginia there is an apple tree which is eight feet four inches around. In 1880, 85 bushels of apples were gathered from it, and soil at the apple house for $80. The tree is 75 years old and still bearing.
A newsboy in North London, Ind., was sentenced to a week in jail for crying false news on the streets. What would become of the newsboys of Chicago and New York should such a rule prevail in those cities.

OFF FOR POLAR GOLD.

The Nome Fleet Will Reach One Hundred Vessels.
Seattle, Wash., May 27.—It is a strange and wonderful experience to pass along Seattle's water front these days. It is choked with traffic, thronged with people, littered with the various belongings of the many thousands of gold-fever victims hurrying to Cape Nome. Vessels of all sorts are jammed together in all kinds of ways, against wharves, at the ends, in the slips, anywhere that an opening is offered. Some places they are two or three deep. The craft range from small two-masted schooners to the finest type of large ocean-going steamer. They represent, too, all stages of seaworthiness. Some are mere cockle shells; others are comfortable and even elegant steamships fitted for accommodation of many passengers and much freight. For the past week they have been leaving at the rate of two and three and even four a day, loaded in every instance below the water line with material and supplies and recruits for the land of fabulous golden stores and (probably) meager golden realities.
The rush is comparable to the Klondike excitement in dimensions and lavish expenditure of money for preparation. Indeed, it is probable that more north-bound argonauts have been in Seattle during the past 10 days than for any similar period two years ago. There is more concentration about it. Then people were leaving all during the winter and early spring for Skagway and Dyea and there was no serious congestion here at any time. Now Seattle is the temporary ultima thule; the Komera come here, or to Portland or San Francisco, and stay until the day of debarkation. The first vessel left Vancouver, B. C., April 6, and it was followed by intermittent departures of sailing craft; but it was not until the Robert Dollar left, on May 15, that any perceptible diminution was made in the crowds of eager speculators and prospectors. She was followed rapidly by other steamers with many hundreds of passengers.

THE CUBAN FRAUDS.

Subject for Heated Political Debate in the Senate.
Washington, May 25.—This was a day of rasping political controversy and oratory in the senate. With the controversy, those on the Democratic side of the chamber, anomalous as it may seem, had little to do. What by far seeing senators is regarded as likely to be the paramount issue of the approaching national campaign was the subject of two notable speeches, one by Platt, of Connecticut, and the other by Spooner. The former was an answer to the speech delivered a few days ago by Bacon, on his resolution demanding an examination of financial conditions in Cuba. Platt favored the adoption of the resolution, but deprecated what he called a cheap effort to make politics needed no prodding to induce it to probe to the bottom.
The speech of Spooner was a continuation of his address of yesterday on the Philippine question. In its course he became involved in a heated and sensational colloquy with Hale over the government's conduct of affairs in our "insular possessions." It was a remarkable controversy between two of the best equipped senators in the senate, and was listened to with profound attention by senators, many representatives and crowded galleries.

LAKEVIEW IN ASHES.

The Business Portion of the Town Destroyed.
Lakeview, May 25.—Excepting two houses the entire business portion of Lakeview is destroyed by fire. Not less than $350,000 worth of property has gone up in smoke. The government land office, the post office, the two newspaper offices and the entire business district is a charred mass of debris. Just as the Republican meeting assembled last night at 8:30 the fire started in room 27 of the Lakeview house, and within two hours the town was destroyed.
No lives were lost and the people are being provided for through friends. The insurance, though running into the thousands, is far below the loss.
Tour of Hutch Envoys.
Washington, May 25.—Mr. Fischer, one of the Boer envoys, spoke freely today of their general plans for the future. He said it was their purpose to visit 10 or 12 of the principal cities of the United States and explain to the people whatever they might wish to know of their cause. They came to plead with the whole American people for sympathy and support. The cities which they will visit have not yet been determined upon, and in making their selections they will be guided by their friends. It is probable that they will eventually reach San Francisco, stopping en route at Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Louis and Cincinnati. Other cities have also been mentioned.
Washington, May 24.—Mail reports from the Philippines show that there has been a steady increase in the number of bubonic plague cases. There were 30 cases in Manila during January; 48 during February, and 56 during March. During the three months approximately 100 cases of leprosy also were discovered.

BOER SURRENDER.

Kimberley, May 25.—About 800 Boers have surrendered at Vryburg, north of Kimberley, and a little more than half way between that place and Mafeking. The road is all clear from Mafeking, and all opposition in this district is practically ended.

THE MAGNA IN RIO.

Rio Janeiro, May 21.—It is officially announced that several cases of the plague have occurred here.

PACIFIC COAST NEWS

Commercial and Financial Happenings of Interest in the Growing Western States.

HURTING WHALES.

W. C. King, of Sand Lake, writes to the Tillamook, Or., Headlight, the following story of the killing of seven stranded whales:
On May 10, as O. R. Chamberlain was walking along the beach, he discovered some black objects in the edge of the water, and upon approaching nearer he discovered that they were whales, which had become stranded from some cause or other. There were seven of them, and they were making tremendous efforts to get back into deep water, without avail. The tide was leaving them. They would open their mouths and draw in about a barrel of water and then spurt it through the hole in the top of their heads 20 feet into the air, and lying sometimes on their sides it was like getting in the cross-fire of a hose company. Mr. Chamberlain made tracks for home to get his gun and a butcher knife to carve them up. On his return he turned loose with his gun to kill them, but after wasting a few shots he saw that he could not kill them in that way, so he sailed into them with his butcher knife, and stuck them as you would a hog. That did the work, and he soon had seven whales strung on the beach that were from eight to 18 feet long.
He at once commenced to strip the blubber from the outside of the body and inside the head. The fat was cut into six-inch strips and thrown across a horse's back and taken home and rendered out, which will amount to several barrels. It has a market value, and Mr. Chamberlain will likely realize considerable from it.

ILLUMINATE KATE FALL.

Representatives of the Pacific Board of Underwriters have finally lowered the rate of insurance on all business property in The Dalles, Or. This includes the larger portion of the buildings below the bluff, and the rates in some cases were lowered much more than the citizens had reason to expect. This action on the part of the insurance companies is taken as a result of the increased facilities for fighting fire here above the other cities of the class in the Northwest. A perfect fire alarm system is now in order, and the recent chemical engine and hook and ladder tests have proved very satisfactory.

QUARANTINE AT ASHLAND.

George H. McGeer, M. D., acting assistant surgeon of the United States marine hospital service, has been ordered from San Francisco to Ashland by the quarantine service, to inspect all Chinese and Japanese passengers of the Southern Pacific passenger trains coming into Oregon from California, and see that they have certificates from the contagion of the bubonic plague before entering Oregon.

VALUABLE ONYX MINE.

Spokane, May 22.—O. M. Rosendale, a mining engineer of Portland, tells of the onyx quarry, about 50 miles north of here, in Stevens county. Two steam drills and a saw mill are at work mining and cutting the onyx, which is the finest of its kind in this country. It takes a high polish and the colors are rich green and black. The deposit is about 300 by 1,000 feet and the saw mill is fitted with huge gang saws for cutting the mineral slabs. This Stevens county onyx will rival that of the old world.

In a bunch of beef cattle delivered in Arlington, Or., by Joseph Frizzell, there were three steers that weighed 6,000 pounds. An Eastern buyer who saw them said he had never seen finer steers in the Chicago market. The steers were photographed in Arlington, and before an hour 40 copies of the pictures were ordered. They were grade Herefords of the Danneman stock.

The season at the United States fish commission station, at Baker lake, Wash., situated at the headwaters of a branch of Skagit river, is practically at a close. It is estimated that upward of 90 per cent of the salmon taken produced young fry and that more than 10,500,000 healthy young salmon, of the sookeye or blueback variety, were liberated as a result of the work at the station.

The Belgian hare craze has struck Baker City, Or., says the Democrat. Della Kidish and Moses Fuchs have gone into the business on a limited scale, with the chances of enlarging their business into ponderous proportions off a small capital. Messrs. Kidish and Fuchs received a day or so ago two does from a rabbitry in California, and the pedigrees attached to them would make a Fechter stallion ashamed of himself.

Work is progressing nicely on the water works at North Bend, Coos county, Or. Water is being brought from Pony Creek and a reservoir of 100,000 gallons capacity will be constructed on the hill back of town. From this reservoir water will be carried in pipes to every residence in the place and will have a pressure of 55 pounds to the inch.

The Grant's Pass, Or., New Water, Light & Power Company is erecting on the west side of their power house a building for the making of ice. This plant will be supplied with the latest improved horizontal compressors, with a capacity of making six tons of ice a day. The company is also making arrangements to operate an irrigation ditch this summer, that will carry 500 inches of water in an open ditch, to irrigate many hundred acres of land below the power house.

BRADSTREET'S REPORT.

Wheat Higher on Unfavorable Crop Reports.
Bradstreet's says: Continued dullness in many branches and a further shading in several staple lines constitute the leading features in the business situation this week. The weakness of prices is displayed in lower quotations for corn, pork, butter, cheese, wool and cotton among the great agricultural products and petroleum and lead among the mineral products. Wheat is slightly higher, partly owing to less favorable crop reports here and abroad. Continued dryness in the Northwest has given the spring wheat situation a less satisfactory appearance, and there is little improvement noted in the winter wheat sections of the central west. It is doubtful, however, if the dry weather has as yet really affected the spring wheat, the chief complaint coming from the lumber interests, which report low streams interfering with the forwarding of supplies.
The industrial situation is, on the whole, rather much better than for some time past, in that new disturbances are fewer and some old ones have been settled. Flat practical tie-ups in Chicago are still unbroken. At St. Louis all kinds of business have been hurt by the strike of street railway employees, and uncertainty at other cities, particularly in the building trade, has had an unsettling effect upon lumber.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the week aggregate 5,178,422 bushels, against 3,480,574 bushels last week. Business failures in the United States for the past week number 155, as compared with 174 last week. Failures in the Dominion of Canada are slightly more numerous, numbering 24 for the past week, against 19 last week.

PACIFIC COAST TRADE.

Fruit Market.
Onions, $9.
Lettuce, both house, 40@45c doz.
Potatoes, $1.60@1.70; $1.70@1.80.
Beets, per sack, 60@60c.
Turnips, per sack, 40@40c.
Carrots, per sack, $1.
Parsnips, per sack, 50@75c.
Cauliflower, California 85@90c.
Strawberries—$2.25 per case.
Celery—40@40c per dozen.
Cabbage, native and California, $1.00@1.25 per 100 pounds.
Apples, $2.00@3.75; $3.00@3.50.
Prunes, 60c per box.
Butter—Creamery, 22c; Eastern 22c; dairy, 17@22c; ranch, 16@17c per pound.
Eggs—16c.
Cheese—13@16c.
Poultry—14c; dressed, 14@15c; spring, $5.
Hay—Puget Sound timothy, $11.00@12.00; choice Eastern Washington timothy, $18.00@19.00.
Corn—Whole, $2.30; cracked, $2.30; feed meal, $2.30.
Barley—Killed or ground, per ton, $20.
Flour—Patent, per barrel, $3.25; blended straights, $3.00; California, Hamper flour, $3.00; rye flour, $3.80@4.00.
Millstuffs—Bran, per ton, $13.00; shorts, per ton, $14.00.
Feed—Chopped feed, $19.00 per ton; middlings, per ton, $20; oil cake meal, per ton, $30.00.
Fresh Meats—Choice dressed beef steers, price 8c; cows, 7c; mutton 8c; pork, 8c; primed, 9c; veal, 8@9 10c.
Hams—Large, 13c; small, 13½c; breakfast bacon, 12½c; dry salt sides.

Portland Market.
Wheat—Walla Walla, 61@62c; Valley, 62c; Bluestem, 54c per bushel.
Flour—Best grades, $3.00; graham, $2.50; superfine, $2.10 per barrel.
Oats—Choice white, 86c; choice gray, 83c per bushel.
Barley—Feed barley, $14@14.60; brewing, $16.00@16.50 per ton.
Millstuffs—Bran, $18 per ton; middlings, $19; shorts, $15; chop, $14 per ton.
Hay—Timothy, $9@11; clover, $7@7.50; Oregon wild hay, $6@7 per ton.
Butter—Fancy creamery, 80@85c; seconds, 45c; dairy, 26@80c; store, 22½@25c.
Eggs—16c per dozen.
Cheese—Oregon full cream, 16c; Young America, 14c; new cheese 10c per pound.
Poultry—Chickens, mixed, $4.00@4.60 per dozen; hens, $5.00; spring, $2.60@3.60; geese, $0.50@8.00 for old $4.50@5.00; ducks, $0.00@7.00 per dozen; turkeys, live, 14@15c per pound.
Potatoes—40@65c per sack; sweets, per pound.
Vegetables—Beets, $1; turnips, 75c per sack; garlic, 7c per pound; cabbage, 10c per pound; parsnips, 76c; onions, 8c per pound; carrots, 50c.
Hops—2@8c per pound.
Wool—Valley, 12@13c per pound; Eastern Oregon, 10@15c; mohair, 27@30c per pound.
Mutton—Cross, best sheep, wethers and ewes, 3½ 4c; dressed mutton, 7@7½c per pound; lambs, 5½ 6c.
Hogs—Cross, choice heavy, $6.00; light and feeders, $4.50; dressed, $5.00@6.50 per 100 pounds.
Beef—Cross, top steers, $4.00@4.60; cows, $3.50@4.00; dressed beef, 6½@7½c per pound.
Veal—Large, 6½c; small, 8½c per pound.
Tallow—5@5½c; No. 8 and No. 9, 3½ 4c per pound.

San Francisco.
Wool—Spring—Nevada, 14@18c per pound; Eastern Oregon, 12@16c; Valley, 80@28c; Northern, 10@18c.
Hops—1899 crop, 11@18c per pound.
Butter—Fancy creamery 17@17½c; do seconds, 10@16½c; fancy dairy, 16c; do seconds, 14@15c per pound.
Eggs—Store, 16c; fancy ranch, 17c.
Millstuffs—Middlings, $17.00@20.00; bran, $12.50@18.60.