For Coughs
and Colds
There is a remedy over sixty
years old — Ayer's Cherry
Pectoral. Of course you have
heard of it, probably have used
it. Once in the family, it stays;
the one household remedy for
coughs and hard colds on the
chest. Ask your doctor about it.
The best kind of a testimonial -
"Sold for over sixty years."
Made by J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass.
Also manufacturers of
Ayer's Sarsaparilla.
We have no secrets! We publish
the formulae of all our medicines.
Ayer's Pills increase the activity of
the liver, and thus aid recovery.

MAKE EVERY DAY
COUNT
no matter how
bad the weather
You cannot
afford to be
without a
TOWERS
WATERPROOF
OILED SUIT
OR SLICKER
When you buy
look for the
SIGN OF THE FISH
TOWERS CO. BOSTON, U.S.A.
R. CANADIAN CO. TORONTO, CAN.
Mule Team
BORAX
Will Sterilize All Articles of Clothing,
Acting as an Antiseptic and Preventing
Odor from Perspiration.
All dealers. Free Sample Borax and
Borax Soap, Booklet and Souvenir Pic
ture in colors, for 10 cents and Dealer's
name. PACIFIC COAST BORAX CO.,
Oakland, Cal.

LAND SCRIP
Approved forest Unserved and Railroad Bounty for
surveyed, timbered or prairie land;
approved United States Military Bounty Land
Warrants; Certified Soldiers' Additional Scrip;
all kinds of Land scrip bought and sold.
H. M. HAMILTON,
The Portland, Portland, Or.

Women Inventors.

In reply to the charge that women
are lacking in mechanical ingenuity,
writes Kene Itaclie in Technical World
Magazine, it is asserted that many of
the most valuable inventions patented
by men in reality represent ideas con
ceived in the brains of their wives,
their sisters and their daughters. Eli
Whitney's famous cotton-gin is said to
have been merely the application of a
device first thought out by a woman
—the widow of General Nathaniel
Greene.

The "Boston light," which is used
by our life-saving service, and by mar
iners all over the world, for signalling
at night—it burns like red fire —is a
woman's invention. So likewise is the
paper bag with a satchel bottom, which
was the idea of Miss M. K. Knight.
The machine by which "comb foundation," as it
is called, for beehives, is made, was patented by Frances A. Pun
hum, in 1881. It saves bees half the
labor of honeycomb construction by
turning out wax sheets, which, sus
pended in the hives, serves as a basis
to build the combs upon. But the most
wonderful point about the contrivance
is that, the cells outlined in relief on
the wax being all of "worker" size,
those of them that are utilized by the
insects for nursery purposes will pro
duce only worker bees. Thus avoiding
the propagation of idle drones.

Cure Cannot Be Cured

by local treatment, neither can they reach the
diseased portions of the ear. There is only one
way to cure deafness and that is by constitutional
treatment. In cases due to an inflamed condition of
the Eustachian tube. When this tube is inflamed
you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing.
Deafness is the result, and unless the inflammation can be
taken out and this tube restored to its normal
condition, hearing will be destroyed. Nine cases out of ten are caused by Catarrh,
which is just an inflamed condition of
the Eustachian tube.

We will give $1000 reward for any
case of catarrh that will not be cured by Hall's
Catarrh Cure. Send for Circulars, free. PITENEY & CO., Toledo, O.
Hold by Pin; 'tis!'-. V .
1.11.1 •! ' il>
HUMAN ILLNESS
Hannas should be cut in long slices
and fried slowly in a frying dish until they
are brown and begin to break.
They should be hasted frequently lightly
with HIM milk.

To the pure all things are pure, except in
milk goods.
RITA'S HIM Pills Cure Nervous Diseases*
FITS instantly cured by Dr. Kline's limit
Nerve Restorer. Send for FHKK & trial bottle and
treatise. Dr. K. H. Kline, 119,11 Arch St., Phila., Pa.
From the Isthmus of Panama it is
reported that beef is high in price and
poor in quality. Just like getting a letter from home, isn't it?

SPECIALTIES

F. J. Farrar of Troy, N. Y., has a
crimson rambler rose bush which has
5,170 blossoms on it, by actual count,
which took four hours. The largest
cluster has fifty single roses in it.

Among European States Russia has
the longest telegraph lines, a total of
101,375 miles. Next is France with
103,750 miles, Germany with 83,750
miles, Great Britain with 40,375 miles.
More than twice as many telegrams are
sent in Great Britain as in Germany,
and nearly double the number in
France.

All the stores and other places of
business in Garden Plain, Kan., ceased
business for three days recently, and
the whole town went into the fields to
help the farmers harvest their grain.
The merchants say that the trade has
been so good since they have reopened
that they are sure they have not lost
through closing.

—A Maine woman owns the best protection against the ubiquitous fly. It is
nothing but a simple hornets' nest, that
hangs just outside the house door. Its
inmates are so tamed by the kindness
of their owner that they never molest
or sting her. Not a fly has entered the
house since the installation of this
unique flytrap.

William Howe, a merchant in Highland, Doniphan County, Kan., says that
the farmers around there do nearly all
their shopping after supper, and that
they come to town as late as 8 or 9
o'clock and that the buying is often
kept up until after 11. The practice
has become so general that there is little
country trade during the day.

A letter has just been received in
Montpelier, Vt., that was mailed in Ireland, fifty-two years ago. It was sent
to Montpelier, but from there went to
the dead letter office, where it has re
mained. The letter was mailed to
Catherine Burgen by her daughter, but
as Mrs. Burgen is dead, it was delivered to the sender's sister-in-law when
she was found by the faithful dead letter
office.

A bald-headed resident of North
Adams has invented a means of protecting his head from the flies. The
device consists of a piece of cardboard
through which a hole is cut the size of
his head, and over this is pasted sticky
fly paper, sticky side out. An elastic
cord holds the contrivance in place.
The man says the flies do not detect
the deception until it is too late, but
shoot for the shining surfaces with as
much avidity as they do for the bald
polished pate.

IS A "CHEERFUL LIAR."
Drag(d) Helps Customers by Pretending to Have It.
A pale, weak girl entered a downtown
drug store the other day, says the New
York Press. She seemed almost to col
lapse. The proprietor assisted her into
a chair and prepared a mild stimulant
for her. The druggist's manner was so
sympathetic that a little later she con
fided to him that she suffered with her
heart and feared she had not much
longer to live.
"Heart disease?" inquired the druggist genially. "Why, I have heart dis
ease myself—have had it for years.
That's nothing. I don't worry myself
about it—I don't look like a man with
a load on his mind, do I? You probably
think that you are liable to drop
off any time. On the contrary, any doc
tor will tell you that the average person
with heart disease generally lives to a
good old age. The very care that a suf
ferer from heart disease takes of him
self or herself is calculated to lengthen
his years indefinitely. You see a man
with a weak heart naturally is careful
of himself a bit. He doesn't commit any
excesses, never overdoes anything, lives
in moderation and thus keeps his vitality unimpaired. That's all you have to
do, just take care of yourself. What's
the use of worrying.
The druggist's cheerfulness was in
fectious. The genial interest of his talk
made depression appear foolish, and
the girl soon began to look more hopeful and even smile. After the druggist
had gayly chatted with her a while she
rose and walked out of the store with
firm step.
This druggist, though he would scorn
the idea if suggested to him, is a bene
factor to humanity. He is a believer in
the power of cheerfulness, and the
good that he does in his peculiar way
is not easy to estimate.

Keeping Cool.
A popular article of household furni
ture among Americans in the Philip
pines is said to be the "refrigerating
stove." This stove is designed to keep
people cool instead of hot. Just as we
heat our houses in the States in winter
with coal stoves, so the wanderer who
has set up housekeeping in the Philip
pines cools his house with a cold stove.
These cold stoves are made to look
something like an ordinary stove, and,
being fed with ammonia and chemicals,
give out radiations of cold waves instead of heat. One can imagine a fam
ily gathering around the refrigerating
stove for coolness on a hot night in the
Philippines just as on a cold night in
the States they had been accustomed to
gather around the parlor stove for
warmth.

A Stirring Story.
One more word the story
That was told so long ago—
"The umpire was 'agin us,'
And we didn't have a show."
—Washington Star.
One way the married women have to
prove they are satisfied is to talk about
an old maid's lonesomeness.

AMERICAN, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1906

HAY FEVER
"Having used Peruna for catarrh and
hay fever, I can recommend it to all who
are suffering with the above diseases. I
am happy to be able to say it has helped
me wonderfully.
—Mayme E. Smith.

Miss Mayme E. Smith.
408 East Mound Street Columbus, Ohio
HAY FEVER is endemic catarrh.
It is caused by some irritating sub
stance in the atmosphere during the
late summer months. It is generally
thought that the pollen of certain weeds
and flowers is the cause of it.
Change of locality seems to be
the only rational cure. The use of Peruna,
however, stimulates the nervous system to resist the effects of the poison
ous emanations and sometimes carries
the victim through the hay fever sea
son without an attack of the disease.
A large number of people rely upon
Peruna for this purpose. Those who
do not find it convenient to change
their location to avoid Hay Fever would
do well to give Peruna a trial. It has
proven of priceless value to many people.

A LITTLE LESSON
IN ADVERSITY.

Probably no one who has enjoyed
constant good health has a realization
of the nature of constant ill health as
a handicap in the
race for pre-emi
nence. It seems
most strange that a
man who accom
plished for science
the great work that
did Charles Darwin
should have been
forced to overcome
illness as did he. At
the very outset of
his career he be
came almost an in
valid.
No more patient-minded seeker for
the truth of things ever lived than Dar
win. Even those most at variance with
the opinions set forth by him admired
the man intensely because of this de
termined power of investigation for the
right. The mass of evidence that he
gathered concerning the process of "nat
ural selection," by which the evolution
of higher from lower forms of life is
brought about is proof sufficient of the
prodigious amount of labor that he ex
pended on his work.
Darwin was always a most tireless
worker. Another disadvantage, one
less palpable, yet to one of his mind
hardly the less deterrent, was that of
the unbelief of even the scholars and
scientists of his own time about the
evidence he had gathered and the de
ductions he had made therefrom.
There were some, however, who came
to his assistance, financially and sympa
thetically. Their support meant much
to the scientist at the time when it
was proffered, but the hardest battles
had long been over when he was able to
announce his results. He had accom
plished what he had sought to accomplish through his own work and his ab
solute determination to win.

Howe, however, is left in undisputed
possession of his purple gown.

SICK FOR 11 YEARS.
Constant Backache, Dropsy, and Severe Bladder Trouble.

Fred W. Harris, of Chestnut St., Jef
ferson, Ohio, says: "For over ten
years I suffered from kidney disease.
The third year my
feet and hands would
swell and remain
puffed up for days at
a time. I seemed to
have a constant back
ache. Finally I got
so tired that I was laid
up in bed with several

doctors in attendance.

I thought surely I
would die. I changed medicine and
began using Doan's Kidney Pills when
I was still in bed. The relief I found
was so great that I kept on until I had
taken about ten boxes. The kidney se
cretions became natural and after years
of misery I was cured. I have increased
in weight, and show no symptoms of
my former trouble."
Sold by all dealers. 50 cents a box.
Doan's Millburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.

He—He asked her to tell him her age,
and she said She—Well—did you?
—Brooklyn Life.
"Why do you refer to his fortune as
hush money?" Wang—He made it in
soothing syrup.—Philadelphia Record.
"Do you leave your valuables in the
hotel safe when you go to a summer
resort?" "Only when I leave."—Judge.
Stella—Isn't that Mr. Bachelor kind
and gentle? Bella—That's just the
trouble; he stands without hitching.—
Brooklyn Life.
"That man has a very shady business
record." "Why, what has he been do
ing?" "He puts up awnings."—Baltimore
American.
Saphedde — A penny for your
thoughts, Miss Pert. Miss Pert—They
are not worth it. I was merely thinking
of you.—Philadelphia Record.
Husband (angrily)—I don't see why
I ever married you. You are a fool.
Wife (calmly)—Undoubtedly. Otherwise
I would have refused you.—Grit.
On An Ocean Liner. The Wife —
Shall I have your dinner brought to
your room, dear? Husband (feebly)—
No. Just order it thrown overboard.—
Clipped.
"Out of a job, eh?" "Yell, de boss
said he was losin' money on de things I
was makin'." "That so? What was you
makin'?" "Mistakes."—Philadelphia
Press.
Dentist (prodding a patient's gum in
search of a fragment of root)—Funny,
I don't seem to feel it. Patient (ironical in spite of the pain)—You're in
luck!—Les Annales.
"Who is it that robs us while we are
asleep?" asked the teacher, trying to
get the class to spell the word "burg
lar." "De gas meter!" shouted the boys
in unison.—Chicago News.

Assistant—This poet says that the
last two verses of his poem may be
omitted, if you think it is desirable.
Editor—I'll do better than that. I'll
omit the whole poem.—Somerville Jour
nal.

"They found a cigar in a safe that
had fallen down five stories in San
Francisco and wasn't the least bit dam
aged by fire." "Yes, I've tried to smoke
several of those cigars."—Cleveland Leader.

"Really, you know, I don't think Miss
Sunimergal looks at all athletic."
"Well?" "Well, you told me she was
always engaged in some college sport."
"Stupid! I said 'engaged to.'"—Philadelphia Press.

Mistress—What made you angry with
the doctor and tell him not to come
any more? Bridget—Because he said
he thought he would send me to a
warmer climate, and I am after him.—
Los Angeles News.

"Do you think that wealth brings
happiness?" "No," answered Mr. Dustin
Stax. "It doesn't bring happiness. But
it gives a man a little bit of option
about the kind of worry he will take
on."—Washington Star.

"Pa, what's the difference between a
profession and a trade?" "The man
who works at a trade quits when his
eight hours are up. The man who fol
lows a profession has to keep on until
his work is done."—Chicago Record
Herald.

"Don't you like to hear the wind
whistling through the wood?" asked
the poetical one. "Well," replied the
practical one, "if I'm out in the forest
I do; but if the wood is made up into
a flute, I can't say that I do."—Yonkers Statesman.

"Yes," said the condescending youth,
"I am taking fencing lessons." "Good!"
answered Farmer Torntossel. "I always
said you was goin' to turn in and do
somethin' useful. What's your specialty
goin' to be—rail, stone or barbed
wire?"—Washington Star.

"Well, sir," brusquely inquired the
girl's father, "what can I do for you?"
"Why—er—I called, sir," stammered
the timid suitor, "to see if you would
give assent to my marriage to your
daughter." "Not a cent, sir! Not
a cent! Good-day."—Scissors.

A school teacher, one day during the
hour for drawing, suggested to her pu
pils that each draw what he or she
would like to be when grown up. At
the end of the lesson one little girl
showed an empty slate. "Why," said
the teacher, "isn't there anything you
would like to be when you grow up?"
"Yes," said the little girl. "I would like
to be married, but I don't know how to
draw it"—Life.

Sorry He Spoke.

He—I read today in a newspaper
that the best "emergency ration" for
lifeboat men who have been out for
many hours in the cold without food is
chocolate.

She—Well, as we are going out in a
boat, Fred, we might meet some of
these poor men. Don't you think you'd
better go back and get four or five
pounds of chocolate creams?—Yonkers
Statesman.

With Interest.
"My dear Mr. Magnate, why don't
you sue that fellow who is openly ac
cusing you and your trust of using cor
rupt methods in business?"
"My dear sir, I would not dignify
the fellow's charges with a reply."
"No; I suppose a reply wouldn't an
swer."—Baltimore American.
It takes more fortitude to listen to
the average man's jokes than it does to
listen to his troubles.

More
Every Year
Every day in every year
that comes, more housewives are
turning to KC, the honest and
the test of years. They are finding
KC BAKING POWDER
costs one-third the price of
any other baking powder anywhere near KC
quality, and makes better, purer, more
healthful baking. 25 ounces for 25c.
JAQUE & CO.

W. L. DOUGLAS
$3.50 & $3.00 Shoes
BEST IN THE WORLD
W.L. Douglas $4 Gilt Edge
cannot be equalled at any price.
To Shoe Dealers: W. L. Douglas' Job-
bing House is the most F* * * * *
complete in this country.
SHOES FOR EVERYBODY AT ALL PRICES.
Men's Shoes, $5 to $1.60. Boys' Shoes, $3
to $1.26. Women's Shoes, $4.00 to $1.60.
Misses' and Children's Shoes, $2.25 to $1.00.
Try W. L. Douglas Women's, Men's and
Children's shoes; for style, fit and wear
they excel other makes.
If I could take you into my large
factories at Brockton, Mass., and show
you how carefully W.L. Douglas shoes
are made, you would then understand
why they hold their shape, fit better,
wear longer, and are of greater value
than any other make.
Wherever you live, you can obtain W. L.
Douglas shoes. His name and price is stamped
on the bottom, which protects you against high
prices and inferior shoes. Take no substitute. Ask your dealer for W. L. Douglas shoes
and insist upon having them.
Fast Color Eyelets used; they will not wear brassy.
Write for Illustrated Catalog of Fall Styles.
W. L. DOUGLAS, Dept. 10, Brockton, Mass.

THE DAISY FLY KITCHEN
It destroys all the flies and affords
complete protection to every
home—in dining
room, sleeping
room and all
places where fly
trouble is
borne. Clean,
and will
not soil or in
jure anything.
Try them once
and you will never be without them. If not kept by
dealers, sent prepaid for 20c. Harold Sowerby,
Bushkillave, Brooklyn, N.Y.

TOWARD E. BURTON, Assayer and Chemist,
Leadville, Colorado. Specimen Prices;
Gold, Silver, Lead. $1.00; Gold, Silver 75c; Silver,
50c; Zinc or Copper, $1. Cyanide Tests. Mailing
Envelopes and full price list sent on application. Control and Fire Work solicited. Ref
erence: Carbonate National Bank.

Get What You Ask For!
THERE is a Reason—a true, faithful, loyal servant of Mankind.
Why the Good People of Over Five Millions of Dollars have
been Spent to make the merits of Cascarets known, and every cent of it would
be lost, did not sound merit claim and
hold the constant, continued friendship,
and endorsement of well
pleased people year after year.
There Is also a Reason—
Why there are Parasites who attach
themselves to the Healthy Body of Cascarets' success—Imitators, Counterfeiters,
Substitutors.
They are Trade Thieves who would
rob Cascarets of the "Good Will" of the
people, and sneak unearned profits,
earned and paid for by Cascarets.
A Dishonest Purpose means a Dishonest
Product and a Disregard of the Purchasers' Health and Welfare.
Cascarets are made only by the Sterling
Remedy Company, and the famous little
Ten Cent Vest Pocket box is here
shown. They are never sold in bulk,
Every tablet marked CCC.
Be sure you get the genuine.
FREE TO OUR FRIENDS!
We want to send to our friends a beautiful
gold-plated bonbon box.
hard-enamelled in colors. It is a beauty for the
dressing table. Ten cents in stamps is asked as a
measure of good faith and to cover cost of Cascarets,
with which this dainty trinket is loaded. Mention this paper. Address
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York.

EGAN
DRAMATIC and
OPERATIC
SCHOOL. Season 1906 and 1907
Opens September 15th. Prepares for Dramatic and Operatic Stage and places graduates
in six months. Forty graduates now with
traveling companies. Send for catalogue.
EGAN Dramatic and Operatic School
Egan Hall Arcade Building, Seattle
Frank C. Egan, Principal

Coughs, Distemper and
Indigestion. Veterinary.
We must recommend
HEAVE POWDERS
Price 50 cents for 4 oz.
PRUSSIAN REMEDY CO., ST. PAUL, MINN.
HAS. H. LILLY CO., Seattle and Portland. Wholesale Agts

SECOND HAND BUGGIES AND HARNESS FOR SALE CHEAP.
Several second-hand buggies, two second-
hand hacks and a big lot of second
hand harness for both hacks and bug
gies for sale very cheap. All in good
condition.
MONTANA STABLES,
Seattle.

S. N. U. No. 37—1906.
(WHEN writing to advertisers please mention this paper.)

7