ABILENE WEEKLY REFLECTOR, ABILENE, KANSAS, JULY 6, 1899. TWELVE PAGES!

SITUATION IN MANILA
Aguinaldo Asks a Filipino to Make
a Report About the Americans.
COLUMBIA, THE AMERICA'S CUP DEFENDER
A VOLUNTEER ARMY.
In the Matter of Real Estate,
ABBE & ELLISON
The President Decides to Recruit
Men for Philippine Service.

WORCESTER MAKES A STATEMENT.

The Commissioner Denies That Filipino
Prisoners Were Shot by Order of an
American Officer—Young Filipinos
Full of Fight.
Manila, June 30. One of the most
prominent Filipinos living in Manila
yesterday morning received verbal in
structions directly from Aguinaldo,
who is at Tarlac, instructing him to
make the most complete report possible
of the situation in Manila, both politi
cal and military. This is capable of a
double interpretation. Possibly Aguin
aldo desires to know what the chances
are in the event of his surrender, or, it
is possible, that he wants to obtain in
formation as to what places are bring
ing produce into the country. The
blockading gunboats recognize clear
ances, but the fact that the opening of
ports would enable the insurgents to
collect duties has delayed the issuance
of an order to this effect, and the con
sequence is that there is great hard
ship at several ports because of lack of
food and business is stagnated. This
has influenced Gen. Otis, who considers
the situation sufficiently favorable to
permit the opening of ports. The in
surgents are seeking from Filipino
sources information concerning the
strength and state of health of the
American troops and the intention of
the Americans to operate during the
rainy season.
The order of Gen. Otis opening ports
simply permits the landing of food at
various places. The natives remain
comparatively quiet in the south. An
insurgent scouting party yesterday
met a patrol of the Wyoming regiment
and fled into the arms of a battalion of
the Fourth infantry. Two of the na
tives were killed. There is increasing
activity at San Fernando, where the
insurgents apparently want to fight.
It is reported that Gen. Pio del Pilar,
with 800 insurgents, has joined the
main body there.
WORCESTER MAKES A STATEMENT.
Chicago, June 30. — Dean 0. Worcester,
member of the Philippine commission,
yesterday cabled the Times-Herald,
denying reports that Filipino pris
oners were shot by order of American
officers. This was in response to a
cable inquiry sent by H. H. Kohlsaat,
Commissioner Worcester said that the
charge has some semblance of truth,
for the reason that it is now believed
that two prisoners were shot in the
heat of battle for refusing to pass to
the rear when ordered to do so. The
inhabitants of the towns recently cap
tured have been maltreated, robbed
and left destitute by the insurgents.
The natives rejoice at the arrival of
the American troops, who neither burn
their homes nor loot their property and
who feed the hungry. The wounded
insurgents are brought to Manila,
where they receive the same care and
attention as our own.
YOUNG FILIPINOS FULL OF FIGHT.
Victoria, B. C., June 30. Advices
from Hakodate state that Capt. Nakl
chl, of the steamer Hokoku Maru, just
returned from the Philippines, reports
that in the southern Islands the young
Filipinos are constructing fortifications
against emergencies, every port is
garrisoned by a thousand or more
volunteers, whose weapons, however, are
very crude, only about 50 per cent,
of them being armed with rifles
(Winchesters). They are, however, full
of patriotism and state that they will
not yield to the Americans, though the
whole of the Islands are destroyed.
The Hokoku Maru was warmly wel
comed by the Filipinos, who consider
the Japanese to be of a kindred race
and hoped for assistance from them.
The Filipinos were prepared to pay for
arms and ammunition, and said the
Japanese vessels visiting the islands
could take return cargoes of hemp,
dipter, Takichi says he only sold the in
surgents two revolvers and the cooks
knives.
Chicago, July 1. — Gen. Harrison Gray
Otis, of Los Angeles, Cal., who arrived
in Chicago en route for Washington
discussed the situation in the Philip
pines at considerable length and took
the hopeful view that, with the addi
tional troops to be furnished, the war
would be terminated before the next
rainy season sets in. He said:
Our troops have been invincibly suc
cessful in their numerous conflicts with the Filipinos.
They have inflicted heavy losses on the enemy
and suffered but little on their own
sides in every engagement. They
have flown aloft in honor until victory has
unfurled the American standard un
usually. The Eighth army corps and its brave, rapid, honest and
patriotic, commander (no, I am not
flattering), Gen. K. S. Otis, have not
hidden to conceal, but think to ad
vance for, not hide to explain away. The troops have behaved with
unusual courage, steadiness, fortitude and
intrepidity. They are all, volunteers and regulars alike, Infantry, cavalry and artillery,
entitled to high praise and to the con
fidence and imitation of their country.
They are as good fighting soldiers
as the world ever saw. I will never
fail to bear witness to their valor, devo
tion, soldierly subordination, splendid ardor
and magnificent intrepidity on "the rough edge
of battle," where it was my fortune to witness
and take part in their operations against the
enemy. Maj. Gen. Otis can suppress the Fili
pino revolt in the near future. If he is given
the men to do it with, and he is entitled to the
government's support in men, money, guns, am
munition, supplies and fortifications. With :mmi
men all told he can finish the war; the wearing
out process of constant attrition will cause
Aguinaldo's battalions to disappear and his
cause to be lost. Our flag must continue to fly
over the Philippines.
THE FILIPINO REBELS ACTIVE.
Manila, July 1. A collision between
the two armies at San Fernando seems
inevitable soon. The insurgents are
active all around town, and can be
seen working in the trenches to
strengthen their position. Day and
night forces are at work. It is esti
mated that 8,000 men were seen march
ing in the road north of town yester
day morning. The Americans turned
out and manned the defenses, ex
pecting an attack. The soldiers sleep

... their clothes and breakfast at four o'clock in the morning, so as to
be ready for any surprise attack. The
commission of three Spanish officers who entered the insurgent lines a
fortnight ago to make a final attempt
to arrange for the release of the Span
ish prisoners has not returned. Their
long absence has occasioned alarm, but
reports come to Manila that they were
received by Aguinaldo at Tarlac and
entertained hospitably. It is said that
Aguinaldo gave a banquet in their
honor, all the leading families of the
rebel leader's present cabinet attend
ing. Hence the Spaniards in Manila
hope that the mission of the commis
sioners will be successful.
ANXIOUS TO GET VOLUNTEERS HOME.
Washington, July 1. Under direct
orders from the president, every nerve
is to be strained to get the volunteer
regiments away from the Philippines
without a day's delay. Even the im
portant work of sending reinforce
ments is to be considered secondary to
the necessity of returning the volun
teers. The president feels that they
have been kept too long already and is
anxious to see the last man homeward
bound. To facilitate the work the ad
ministration has ordered transports to
clear from San Francisco as soon as
they can be made ready for sea,
whether there are recruits really or
not. After the volunteers are returned
the transports will carry back full
loads of regulars and when they are
landed will return for new volunteers.
TROOPS SHIPPED TO MANILA.
Washington, July 1. A statement
prepared in the office of the adjutant
general of the army shows that, with
the departure of the Pennsylvania from
San Francisco, about 8,000 reinforce
ments were dispatched to the Philip
pines this week. About half of the
troops are recruits intended to fill gaps
in the regiments in the Philippines,
caused by deaths, disabilities and dis
charges. There are about 3,000 recruits
at San Francisco who are also intended
to recruit the regular regiments in the
Philippines up to their maximum
strength of 100 to a company. Includ
ing the Ninth infantry, under orders
for Manila, and troops at San Francis
co, there are 4,100 ready to start for
Manila as soon as transportation can
be provided.
Many Applicants for Commissions.
Washington, July 1. Since the an
nouncement that about 10,000 volun
teers were to be mustered into the
army for service in the Philippines
the president has been deluged with
applications for commissions. Almost
every congressional caller has one or
more applicants whom he presses on
the president's attention.
Populists Will Have the Patronage.
Topeka, Kan., June 30. Republican
politicians are aroused over the fact
that Census Director Merriam has in
formed Senator Halter that he will
designate Congressman Hidgeley, popu
list, as the dispenser of the census pat
ronage in the Third district. Mr. Mer
riam explains that the district is rep
resented by a populist and the populist
party is therefore entitled to the pat
ronage. Gen. McCulloch a Candidate.
Sedalia, Mo., June 30. It is
announced that Gen. Robert McCulloch,
of Cooper county, will be a candidate
for congress in the Eighth district to
succeed the late H. P. Hill. Gen.
McCulloch is major general of the
United Confederate Veterans of Mis
souri and served in the civil war as
colonel of the Second Missouri con
federate cavalry.
May Close Down Smelters,
Webb City, Mo., June 30. The mine
buyers of this city are of the opinion
that if the shut down order of the Missouri-Kansas
Zinc association con
tinued for the two weeks announced it
will result in the closing down of the
smelters now purchasing the ore.
Fine Horses for Mr. Gillett.
Abilene, Kan., June 30. G. O. Gillett
is evidently arranging to stay per
manently in Mexico. A large car has
been shipped from Woodbine, taking
Mrs. Gillett's four fine horses, several
cows and a Hereford bull to Chihuahua.
The freight bill was about $300.
National Editorial Association.
Chicago, June 30. Delegates to the
fourteenth annual convention of the
National Editorial association, which
meets in Portland, Ore., July 6, 8 and
7, gathered here to-day. Three hun
dred will leave for Portland to-morrow
on a special train.

FOR A TWO-YEAR SERVICE.

The President Says That Will Be the Limit
for the Volunteer Soldiers for the
Philippine Campaign.
Washington, June 30. The only or
der which the president has given con
cerning the enlistment of a larger army
is that recruiting shall continue at all
of the present recruiting stations until
further orders. The 65,000 quota for
the regular army has already been ex
ceeded, so that all new recruits will have
to be charged to the provisional army
of 35,000 men. No limit is to be put on
the number of enlistments. There are
70 recruiting stations in the United
States. These have been furnish
ing on an average of about 1,000
men a week for the regulars. The
term of their enlistment has been for
three years. The president and sec
retary of war have decided that the vol
unteers' term shall be for two years
instead of three. This shortened time
will, it is calculated, stimulate the num
ber of applicants for service abroad.
The military authorities believe that
the entire additional force will be re
cruited in less than two months with
out increasing the number of recruit
ing stations, but a much better record
than that is possible. The war depart
ment has determined to avoid the
demoralizing effect of "influence" as
much as possible. The enlisted men will
be mixed so thoroughly that one state
will not have any more interest in a
regiment than another. Consequently
the volunteer regiments will be as free
from the interference of congressmen
and state officials as the movement of
the regulars is. Individual discharges
will be refused in the volunteer service
as in the regular except on the recom
mendation of the officer immediately
in command of a soldier or for some
cause disabling a man from military
service. In other words, the new force
is to be in as close imitation of the
regulars as can be.
SENSATION IN COURT.
The Trial of August Becker at Chicago for
Wife Murder Collapses Because of
a Faulty Indictment.
Chicago, June 30. The trial of Au
gust Becker, the South Side butcher,
charged with having murdered, then
dismembered and boiled the remains
of his wife in order to leave him free
to marry Ida Sutterlin, a 17-year-old
girl with whom he had become infatu
ated, came to a sudden end to-day
when it was found that the indictment
named Mrs. Becker as Elizabeth, when
it should have been Therese. The
court at once nolle prossed the indict
ment. The jury had been sworn in
and the defense asked for a discharge
of the prisoner on the ground that
Becker had been placed in jeopardy
and therefore he could not be tried
again. The court denied the request,
however, and a bench warrant was is-
sued and Becker rearrested. A new
indictment will at once be drawn up.
The discovery that the indictment was
faulty created somewhat of a sensation
in the court room. The result may be,
however, that Becker will escape pun
ishment, as the case is now in such
shape that the prisoner's counsel are
confident of a reversal by the supreme
court if a verdict of guilty is returned.
Harvard Won Them All.
New London, Conn., June 30. Har
vard won all of the boat races yester
day—three victories over Yale in three
hours and the western sky glowed
crimson when the Harvard varsity
crew pulled over the finish line 6
lengths ahead of Yale. After eight
years of defeat, the students of Cam
bridge are tasting the sweets of suc
cess. Harvard's university eight won
from Yale over a four-mile course by
8 lengths in 30 minutes and 52 seconds.
Importing Negro Miners,
Fort Scott, Kan., June 30. The Cen
tral Coal and Coke company landed a
truckload of colored miners at its mines
in the strike district and the Western
Coal and Mining company has also re
ceived more men. The operators of
the Big Four companies seem to feel
that they have the backbone of the
strike broken and will have things
pretty well their own way from now
on.
Albany, N. Y., June 30. Gov. Roosevelt
declared this afternoon that he is
not a candidate for the presidency in
1900, but advocates the renomination
of President McKinley.

ENLISTMENT TO BE FOR THREE YEARS

The Recent Indications Are That About
10,000 Men Will Be Wanted—State
and Local Lines to Be Dis
regarded. Washington, June 29. Secretary Al
ger, Adjt. Gen. Corbin and Col. Bird,
assistant quartermaster general, in
charge of transportation, had an hour's
consultation with the president yester
day relative to the question of reinforce
ments for Gen. Otis. A definite deci
sion has been reached to continue re
cruiting men at all the recruiting sta
tions for service in the Philippines,
and Secretary Alger said when he left
the white house, after the conference,
that Gen. Otis would have 40,000 men
when the rainy season closed for a re
sumption of active operations.
There are 70 recruiting stations in
the United States and enlistments are
to be taken at all of these stations.
The enlistments are to be for service in
the regular army and recruits are to be
organized in the regiments or assigned
to regiments already formed under en
listment. No organizations as such
are to be accepted if sufficient recruits
can be obtained by regular enlist
ment. Gen. Corbin said the enlist
ments would be for three years, al
though the law for the creation of the
provisional army of 10,000 in excess of
the regular army of 65,000 provides
only for such a force until 1901. Ar
rangements are to be made at once for
increasing the transportation neces
sary to get these additional troops to
the Philippines.
The decision to reinforce Gen. Otis
by the end of the rainy season is in
terpreted to mean that aggressive cam
paigning will cease until the bad
weather ends. Until that time opera
tions will probably be confined to occa
sional excursions to places in close vi
cinity to the American lines where the
insurgents may have congregated in
force. If remaining quiescent under
good shelter during the rainy season it
is hoped the health of the troops will
be conserved and the danger from cli
matic fevers reduced to a minimum.
Gen. Otis has cabled the war depart
ment that he has the skeleton organi
zations of two or three regiments which
it is proposed to raise in the Philip
pines. At the war department this was
said to mean that Gen. Otis has the offi
cers for these regiments selected and
that they are ready to be filled with
enlisted men. How many of these
can be secured from the volunteer regi
ments now in the Philippines is not
known. It is stated at the war depart
ment that the recruits now enlisting at
the rate of 1,000 a week cannot be used
for the volunteer army provided for in
the act of March 2, authorizing 5,000
men, although it would be an easy
matter to transfer these men with their
own consent to the volunteer service if
it should be determined to raise addi
tional troops.
Later in the day it was definitely de
cided to begin the enlistments for the
volunteer service under the act of the
last congress. The reports to the ad-
jutant general, based upon the reports
of the recruiting officers and on close
estimates as to the number of soldiers
in the Philippines and in each com
mand in Cuba and Porto Rico, show
that the regular army is up
to its full authorized strength.
The additional soldiers needed must
be obtained under that section of con
gress authorizing the enlistment of
volunteers. The only exception will
be in the case of the few enlistments
that will be made from time to time to
fill gaps in the regular army caused by
casualties and by the expiration of en
listments. The officers scattered among
the principal cities of the country who
have been enlisting regulars only will
be instructed immediately to prepare
to enlist volunteers. The present indi
cations are that about 10,000 men will
be wanted.
Volunteers will not be accepted in
organizations, Secretary Alger is de
termined to adhere to that rule. Look
ing over the act of congress, he has
concluded that the authorization to
raise these volunteer troops "at large"
indicates a purpose on the part of con
gress to follow out the plan success-
fully adopted in the recent war of im
mixing regiments, it is the present purpose
to disregard state and local lines in se
curing the recruits and welding them
into organizations. Regiments will be
designated the First, Second, Third,
etc., volunteer United States infantry
or cavalry. No difficulty is anticipated
in securing the men needed. It is be
lieved that the 1,000 men who are
weekly offering themselves at the re
cruiting offices will be even more will
ing to enter the army as two-year vol
unteers than as long-term regulars.
Officers for these volunteer regimens
will be obtained by promoting officers
now in the regular army and by com
missioning many of the best officers of
the volunteer organizations which saw
service. The war department has care
fully preserved the records of these offi
cers and has at hand a long list of such
of them as they exhibited in organiz
ing quality.
Prov Negroes from the Town.
Coffeyville, Kan., June 30. A Coffey
ville contractor who has the contract
for several buildings in Caney, 20 miles
west of here, sent three negroes to that
place to work. The negroes were forced
to return to Coffeyville. Caney has not
had any negro citizens for years and
will permit none to live there.
Left Wife on the Bank.
Warrensburg, Mo., June 30. William
Ditler, 60, was drowned in a small pond
on his farm near this city. His wife
found his clothes on the bank. It is
believed it was a case of suicide, though
no cause is assigned. He was wealthy
and a hermit.

ARE

Look over the following list of town properties and farms
Call or write for further information.

FOR SALE,
ABILENE
$6,000 Finest residence in Abilene.
Modern improvements. Beautiful
ly located.
$2,600 Seven room house on Buck
eye avenue. Handsome lawn, good
barn, large garden spot, very de
sirable. $1,740 Eight room house, with good
lawn, on East Sixth street. Location the best.
$500 Very desirable building lot on
Buckeye avenue. Northwest corner. Barn on rear of lot. 20 feet
front, 200 feet deep.
$1,525 Six room, two story house.
Good barn, good location.
$1,200 Nine room house in good
condition. Good out buildings and
fruit. East Sixth street. A bar
gain. $500 Four room house; good brick
barn. Three blocks from the busi
ness center of the town.
$500 Six room house on West Seventh
St. Good speculation.
$500 Good five room house on Olive
St. Another bargain.
$500 Good five room house on West
Fourth, good barn.
$1,700 Good seven room house with
barn, apples and small fruit, and
three acres of ground. A desirable
property for person wanting large
garden.
$500 Five room house, one block to

FARMS.
$2,500 130 acres in Flora township, j corn-crib and other building fine
two miles from Manchester. 64 apple and peach orchard hill

acres pasture and hay ground, and
11 acres in cultivation, six room
house, good barns and sheds.
$8,000 800 acres in Flora township.
A fine cattle ranch. Plenty of wat
er, fair improvements.
$1,600 80 acres, Cheever township,
for cash, balance to suit. Good
house, good barn, corncrib and
granary, good orchard, all under
cultivation.
$2,600 160 acres, Cwt., good house,
barn, granary and orchard terms
to suit.
$1,500 80 acres in Willowdale 60
acres cultivated, 20 pasture, living
water, one half mile from Talmage,
no buildings.
$3,000 160 acres in Willowdale 60
acres cultivated, 60 acres pasture,
40 acres hay, three room house,
barn, corn-crib and orchard, seven
miles from Solomon.
$3,000 160 acres, Willowdale, three
miles from Talmage 120 acres
cultivated, 40 acres in pasture and
hay. Four room house, barn,
corn-crib, granary, 600 fruit trees.
$3,500 160 acres, Willowdale, six
miles from Solomon. 100 acres
cultivated, 60 acres in pasture, and
hay ground. Three room house,
barn, shed and granary, etc. Or
chard of 200 trees. A splendid
farm.
$7,800 260 acres in Lincoln town
ship, six miles from Abilene all
first bottom land 200 acres culti
vated. Good six room house, good
barn, corn-crib, and other build
ings, fine bearing orchard. Investi
gate this.
$5,000 148 acres in Lincoln town
ship, four miles from Abilene. Fine
first bottom land, good house, barn,
Call and see us for information as

Always ready to show properties to customers. If your farm is fir ..Y. , iff; .

in with us.
ABBE &
Over Abilene
Farm

I have eastern connections which enable me to offer loans
on improved farms in Dickinson county at exceptional rates
and terms and in almost unlimited quantities. All loans
will be drawn for a term of ten years, but privilege of pre
paying any amount at any time not exceeding one-fifth of
the principal in any one year will be given, and interest will
cease from date of payment for amount paid upon the prin
cipal before due. Interest in all cases will be payable an
nually, and the borrower will be given the privilege of select
ing any bank in which to pay his annual interest coupons
and the same will be sent there for collection for his accom
modation and convenience. If you are buying more land
and need money or if renewing a loan don't fail to see or
write me.

C. O. WYANDT, Agent,

ABILENE,

THE LEADERS.

WE HAVE TO
RESIDENCES.
business center.
$1,300 Good four room house, three
blocks from business center.
$1,800 Good corner residence with
barn and other out-buildings.
$400 Four room house, two blocks
to business center. Good specula
tion.
$600 Nice four room house, some
fruit, good barn, neat property.
$850 Good eight room house in first
class repair, close to business cen
ter. Offer wanted for the Carpenter
property on the South side.
$900 Good nine room house, rooms
large and pleasant, A good in
vestment. South side.
$500 Neat cottage of five rooms,
freshly painted, fruit, barn, good,
location.
$1,100 Seven room house, Westside,
shade trees and some fruit.
$1,250 Eight room house, good barn
West side, recent improvements.
$1,000 A very nice six room house,
West side, no other buildings.
$3,200 Modern nine room house

with fine barn, beautifully located,
one of the most desirable residen.
ces in Abilene.
$1,200 Seven acres of ground within
the city limits, no buildings.
$1,000 Ten acres of ground on the
outskirts of town. Investigate.
$3,500 160 acres in Lincoln town.Mn
seven room house, nearly new, good
v, DUCU) corn-corn, etc.
fine peach and apple orchard, and
a variety of other fruits.
$7,200 240 acres in Grant township,
two and one half miles from Abi
lene, nine room house, big barn
corn-crib and other buildings, two
acres of timber, good orchard 165
acres cultivated, can take good
residence property as part pay;
$16,800 480 acres of first bottom
land in Garfield township. Fine
buildings, best farm in Dickinson
County.
$1,450 80 acres in Wheatland town
ship, all under cultivation.
$800 80 acres in Wheatland town
ship, five miles from Carlton 70
acres pasture, good stock pond.
$1,350 160 acres in Newbern town
ship, fine six room house, freshly
painted, good barn, granary, and
other out-door buildings 30 acres
in pasture, good orchard can
trade this for a larger nine.
$1,800 80 acres in Ridon town.hin
All under cultivation, three room
house, barn, granary, orchard, and
three acres of timber all fenced
$1,800 120 acres in Center township,
one mile from town
cultivated. Three room house,
stable, corn-crib etc.
$2,500 160 acres in Hoyes township,
unimproved 110 acres
cultivated, three room house, barn
and other out-buildings.
$2,250 130 acres in Noble township,
unimproved no build
ings. $2,250 120 acres in Sherman town
ship, five room house, barn, etc.,
good orchard splendid farm.
to terms
nnan,r nf ,UnnA ....

EMISISIN,
National Bank.

Loans.
KANSAS.