ABILENE WEEKLY REFLECTOR, ABILENE, KANSAS, SEPTEMBER 7, 1893.

WELCOME

EDITORIAL

9 P. M. BREEZE

AT LAST

&

Copyrighted, published with this tint no pole no leu tnu inner and started once more toward town, planning direct, arriving at No. 33 without incident or delay.

Mrs. Maynard came down to the drawing-room to receive him, looking so ill that he could not repress the exclamation of solicitude that rose to his lips. Her extreme pallor, heightened no doubt by the plain black dress that she wore, vividly startled him and the heavy shadow of weariness, the pathetic lines that care had traced upon that proud, beautiful face, told of anxious thoughts and genuine heart sorrow.

Her manner, however, was light, as if her pride would not permit her to acknowledge the mental suffering that had so mercilessly left its traces upon her; and she smiled incredulously at North's anxious inquiries.

"The merest trifle," she protested with a slight wave of one delicate hand as if she thus cast the trifle from her. "I read too late last evening, and my head always rebels at such excessive intellectual application."

And she sank languidly into an easy chair, after inviting North to be seated.

"I fear that you are not equal to a discussion of the serious questions that are before the house this morning," he began, his flippancy modified by the air of anxiety with which he was regarding her.

His introduction of a painful subject which she nevertheless knew perfectly well was unavoidable, visibly distressed her; but she conquered her feelings bravely and answered without a tremor in her voice:

"Serious problems sometimes appear less formidable for a candid and practical discussion, Mr. North. While I have no ground for expecting it to be so in this case, I am at least content that nothing can be worse than it continued silent brooding on the subject."

Notwithstanding the despondent resignation in the words, there was a suggestion of hope, a faint intangible hope that was very like despair in her voice and in the swift glance that she raised to his face.

She must have found very little encouragement there, for she instantly lapsed into it frozen calm which in contrast with her usual sparkling vivacity seemed like a strange, pathetic indifference; and clasping her hands listlessly in her lap she awaited his response. With a business-like air North drew from his pocket a note-book and pencil, which he placed on the small onyx table beside which he had seated himself. Then he turned to Mrs. Maynard, whose chair was but a short distance from his own and so placed that she was not directly facing him, though a very slight turn of the languid, graceful head would bring him in full range of her glance. Just now it was resting upon some point above and beyond North's head, with an intentness that suggested an undercurrent of thought even more absorbing than the surface current that his words now brought back to her.

"I intend, first of all, Mrs. Maynard," he began, with something in his tone that was as decisive and aggressive as the clash of cold steel, notwithstanding his studied suavity, "thoroughly to sift our case in its present state, examining it at every point, and thus arrive at some satisfactory conclusion as to how we should stand in the event of any very searching investigation on the part of our opponents. To this end I shall be obliged to question you somewhat exhaustively, with your kind permission; and you will favor me very greatly if you will reply to all my questions as fully and directly as possible."

Mrs. Maynard, having given a languid assent to this, North took up his note-book daintily with the tips of his fingers in an affectation of the most fastidious way.

"I may possibly, indeed, I shall certainly ask you questions on some points on which you may consider that I have already been fully informed; but in such cases I must ask you to remember that my questions, although seemingly superfluous, have a distinct purpose, and I shall, of course, expect you to answer me precisely as you would if I were in total ignorance of all the facts. In short, we will assume for present purposes that I am in total ignorance of all the facts. It is the way that lawyers do it."

He smiled, by S. S. Morton, by special arrangement with this office, and it will be a valuable preparation for you, by the way," he added, significantly, "if you should be called upon to testify in this case. I have some curiosity to see how you would stand a rigid cross-examination, Mrs. Maynard. I really think I shall have to test you a little."

"Very well, Mr. North, I am ready for the experiment. If you have any doubt of my competency as a witness," said Mrs. Maynard, evidently forcing herself to the flippant speech.

"Oh, it is not that I have any doubt, Mrs. Maynard, but I wish to have my impressions on the point confirmed," interposed North, hastily, intending in a rather vague way to be highly complimentary, but failing in the inaudible attempt by reason of its ambiguity. "We will assume, then, that I have a general idea of the facts to which you are prepared to testify. I now elicit them from you by my questions, which, while they may entirely ignore many points that you consider essential, will bring out what I know to be material and relevant."

"Therefore," he added to himself as he mentally reviewed these last words, "I believe I have now laid the foundation for any questions whatever that I may be compelled to ask. However, I'll just make it a little broader while I am about it."

Then, while Mrs. Maynard seemed to be silently considering his last words, he resumed aloud:

"You will observe, Mrs. Maynard, that I am prepared to take notes of all that you tell me. The fact is," and his countenance assumed a perplexed, harassed expression for the moment, "I have so much care and anxiety and business responsibility on my mind that I find it difficult, yes, almost impossible, to keep the various threads from becoming seriously entangled. I have no written record of even the most important facts in the case, until in consequence of being so pressed by other cares I and myself becoming slightly confused in regard to this matter, unable clearly to draw the line between what I actually know of the facts and what I have myself merely conjectured. Now, if you will please state the simple facts as I refer you to them by my questions I will carefully note them down and I shall then have a much clearer idea of our true position."

His persistent holding to the point seemed to rouse Mrs. Maynard from her state of passive negligence; her manner now in clear decisive tones in which was suggested a slight impatience of these tedious preliminaries.

"I am aware, Mr. North, that with so many other and no doubt greater interests to absorb your attention, you cannot be expected to remember all the details of this case as well as I do, particularly if you have not reduced them to memoranda! and even I forget now whether I have informed you on certain points. Ask me any question you may consider necessary, and I will answer to the best of my ability."

"Thank you, Mrs. Maynard," said North, with an air of extreme satisfaction; and the harassed expression disappeared from his face as he mentally congratulated himself that he had laid his foundation securely and very broad, indeed. "Thus much by way of preamble; and now to business!"

He dexterously slipped Mrs. Jane Dunkirk's letter from its envelope as he spoke, and proceeded to unfold it.

"Oh, to be sure, that letter I had forgotten it! You have read it, I presume, Mr. North?" inquired Mrs. Maynard, with a faint degree of interest in her manner; then as North, without replying, glanced up at her with an air of reproof, lifting his eyebrows inquiringly, she at once checked herself.

"I perceive," she said, submissively, "I am not to ask any questions at all; that is your prerogative. Very well; I will try to remember this hereafter."

"No, no, Mrs. Maynard, you shall share all my prerogatives!" cried North, in another ingenuous outburst of gallantry; then a faint color crept suspiciously over the fairness of cheek and brow as he continued in a more business-like tone;

"At least, I will answer the question that you have already asked. I have read this letter, and I intend to make it the starting point for all my questions this morning. I wish, you see, to analyze it very much as it would be analyzed in court if we should submit it for any purpose whatever, and to ascertain just what construction it will best bear. First of all, then, we will consider the date; since, to be of any practical use to it, the letter must be proven to have been written while that general will in your favor was in existence. The one, I know, corroborates the other. This letter hints at what the will fulfills; and we must construe it according to that intent. What we wish to establish by it is the intention of Mrs. Dunkirk toward yourself. All of this, you understand, would be of no advantage to us if Annie Dupont should be discovered! but if she is not brought forward within a reasonable time, we may assume that it will fairly make our case. Now, this date, no doubt, is accurate. Do you recall when you received the letter?"

"Very distinctly. We had returned from Europe the previous week, and I received it immediately upon our arrival in X."

"Yes. Now I will read aloud her reply. The first sentence is immaterial. Next: 'I am sorry to hear of your difficulties. I will do nothing in it. So you.' If you recall, what was the return in meaning to you, Mrs. Maynard? Here they not, as I infer from the context, of it peculiar meaning?"

"Not entirely, but principally," interposed Mrs. Maynard, with a reflective air, "connected with money matters."

North slowly read on:

"'Mr. Maynard used his discretion in the matter, and his right to do so no one can dispute. That you are disappointed is, of course, natural; but why you should feel so despondent in regard to your own future I cannot understand.' To what, if I may inquire, do you refer?"

"Why, to Mr. Maynard's will."

"Ah, to Mr. Maynard's will," repeated North, absently, while he was thinking, "What about the major's will? I must try to ascertain it."

"I told her about it in my letter," resumed Mrs. Maynard, "and, I believe, complained rather bitterly of it as unjust to me and not at all what I had a right to expect."

"Had you then discovered for the first time that he had made this will?"

"Oh, no! I knew his intention in regard to the matter long before this. Mr. Maynard told me plainly what he intended to do, and I was present when the will was drawn. There was no secret made of it, I assure you. The major was only too anxious for me to know what had been determined upon, that he might triumph in my discomfiture."

Her dark eyes flashed as she spoke, and a tiny spot of scarlet glowed in her cheeks; but her tones did not vary for an instant from their cool sweetness nor her manner from its gracious repose. "Danger signals the domestic's wolf-ton at hand!" thought North, ruefully; nevertheless he did not swerve one degree from his perilous investigations.

"It may not be considered important, or directly bearing on our case," he observed in a meditative way as he glanced up at Mrs. Maynard over his notes, "but if the inquiry were carried on in court. I apprehend that all these collateral questions would be raised, and it may be as well for me to be thoroughly informed on this point. Will you please state briefly what were the conditions of that will? I will note them down as you proceed."

"The document itself was very brief and to the point. With the exception of a certain income to be paid annually to me so long as I remained a widow and continued to reside under this roof two distinctly tyrannical conditions which must be complied with, both mid severally, otherwise so far as Mr. Maynard's wealth was concerned, I should be left penniless with the exception of this conditionally granted income, in consideration of which my right of dower was set aside, all of Mr. Maynard's large fortune was willed to his relatives. Think of it, Mr. North, such a sweeping disregard of my rights!"

The undercurrent of indignation rippled the calm surface now just for an instant as these words were warmly uttered. "Preposterous!" declared North, as he made a few brief dashes in his note-book while in his mind the trivial question kept repeating itself: "Why does she sometimes call him 'Mr. Maynard' and sometimes 'the major'?"

"And this, you see," continued Mrs. Maynard, a deliberate air in her tones, "was the sympathy that Mrs. Dunkirk offered me: 'Mr. Maynard used his own discretion in the matter, and his right to do so no one can dispute.' It was not entirely his own discretion, as I very well know."

"Ah! then there was undue influence exerted to induce him to make this will?" inquired North, quickly; thinking, with the unconscious professional instinct that no legal point, however slight or extraneous, ever eluded: "If that were proven, his will can easily be set aside, when the time comes. I wonder if this has not occurred to her?"

"Remember, I have no proof of this, Mr. North," Mrs. Maynard said, slowly, as if answering his very thoughts. "Nevertheless, I am convinced that he was influenced to my disadvantage. However, this is a digression. My unhappy differences with Mr. Maynard are not at present under discussion, I believe."

North experienced a peculiar sensation as he listened to this direct allusion to the tragedy of Mrs. Maynard's domestic life; but he smiled as composedly as if her last remark had been the merest commonplace, and proceeded with his inquiries.

"Mrs. Dunkirk's letter, then, so far as I have cited it, refers to this will, of which you had written her, and to your comments on it?"

"Yes; that is all."

"And now," continued North, "we come to this terrible arraignment, on a charge to which many of us, I fear, would have to plead guilty: 'You were always over fond of money.' Can it be possible, Mrs. Maynard, that anything ever occurred in the course of your long acquaintance with Mrs. Dunkirk that would justify her in suspecting you of being the least particular mercenary in your disposition?"

Mrs. Maynard glancing up in surprise and encountering an extremely quizzical expression in the keen gray eyes that were regarding her so intently hesitated for an instant, evidently unable to perceive the drift of North's inquiry. Then she said, speaking slowly as if still speculating on his motives:

"I cannot say, Mr. North, that I ever consciously did anything to warrant Mrs. Dunkirk in forming such a conclusion. She was rather given to hasty judgments, and she clung to her opinions with great tenacity. She knew, of course, that I looked upon wealth as one of the good things of this life, which I should be glad to possess. Is not that a natural and proper wish?"

"Oh, entirely so! I sympathize with it very profoundly, as you are doubtless aware. But did you ever give Mrs. Dunkirk any reason to suppose that you wished, hoped or expected to be made her heir?"

"Would not such a wish, hope or expectation be perfectly natural in view of the fact that she had actually made her will in my favor? Ah!" she added quickly as North's eyebrows were raised, "I forgot the premonitions, just for the moment, well, then, yes, Mr. North; she knew that I had some such expectation. She herself intimated to me several times that she might make me her heir."

"How far back does your personal acquaintance with Mrs. Dunkirk extend, Mrs. Maynard?" inquired North abruptly.

The answer came slowly after an instant's silence,

"To the day of poor, dear mamma's funeral, when Mrs. Dunkirk came, in response to mamma's last request, to take me into her home and intend to me guardianship and protection; a request which was made so urgently that Mrs. Dunkirk was loath to disregard it. Has this never seemed strange to you, Mrs. Maynard?"

It was evident that the strangeness of the fact had now occurred to North for the first time; it was equally evident that Mrs. Maynard had long since ceased to speculate upon the matter, as something which she was unable to explain. "There has always been a little mystery shrouding that circumstance, Mr. North," she said, with a faint smile. "Dear mamma herself recognized the fact that, in her choice of a guardian for her daughter, she had made a demand upon Mrs. Dunkirk's kindness which her slight acquaintance with that lady would scarcely justify; but in her letter to Mrs. Dunkirk, written just before her death, she said that I would explain that action satisfactorily. When Mrs. Dunkirk referred to this matter to me, I was utterly unable to account for the fact that I had been consigned to the care of a perfect stranger, whose name, even, I had scarcely heard before."

BENEVOLENT UNCLE.

The Friends All Hail Him as the True Savior of the Department for the Coming Year.

Washington, Sept. 2. Some fears have been entertained that, because of the delay in nominating the proper land officers, the opening of the Cherokee strip might have to be delayed. To avert this, if possible, Mr. M. A. Jacobs, chief clerk of the general land office, has been detailed to take temporary charge of the arrangements and operations of the booths and local land offices in the Cherokee outlet. He will be assisted by L. C. Hickott, George McCorkle, Y. Von Pliko and James Colo, each of whom has had long experience in the general land office. These gentlemen will leave for the outlet today.

Next Monday Mr. Charles N. Bennett, private secretary to Secretary Hoke Smith, and Mr. T. A. Tomlinson, chief of the stationery and printing division, and forty-three others will also go for special duties and to assist in the booths and in the local land offices established at Perry, Kingfisher, Alva and Woodward.

NEWS NOTES.

Mataafa, ex-king of Samoa, has been sent into exile.

The Hotel de Loge, Fifth avenue, New York, has assigned.

Dr. Bryant says President Cleveland's health was never better than now.

M. V. Connolly, president of the Irish National League, was married to Mary Johnson at Rock Island, Ill.

John Ferguson, George Flowers and Windo Cannon were executed at Laurens, S.C., the former for murder and the two latter for arson.

A train on the Gulf, Colorado & Santa Fe dashed onto a burning bridge near Belleville, Tex. The bridge gave way and a terrible wreck ensued.

Judge Thomas M. Cooley, of Michigan, chairman of the Interstate Commerce Commission, was elected president of the American Bar Association at Milwaukee.

A hotel in Schmalenbach, in the Wurttemberg Black Forest, was burned recently. Sixty young women were in the house when the fire broke out. Most of them escaped, but it is number lost their lives.

In the Senate on the 1st Vince made the principal argument in support of free silver. Vnorhees wanted to go to voting at once, but the silver men interposed objections. The house was occupied over the rules.

Inspector Nelson has submitted to the Interior department a report of the agreement entered into with the Choctaw nation whereby two of the convicts are to be executed and the others allowed to plead guilty to manslaughter. Reports from Poland state that disastrous floods have occurred in North Poland. Many people are homeless. The tide of Peking is under water. In some places, ten feet deep. Part of the city was in water, making it impossible for houses and killing the inhabitants.

The best &

lumber, brick, lime, cement, and whatever goes into the construction of a building; they employ only the best workmen and pay the best wages; they get better prices for their work than their less careful competitor, and always get the best contracts; they paint their work with

Strictly Pure

White Lead

manufactured by the "Old Dutch Process" of slow corrosion, and with one of the following standard brands;

"Collier," "Red Seal,"

"Southern"

For colors they use the National Lead Company's Pure White Lead Tinting Colors. These colors are sold in small cans, each being sufficient to tint twenty-five pounds of Strictly Pure White Lead the desired shade. This brand of strictly pure white lead and National Lead Company's Tinting Colors, sold for 1 by the most reliable dealers in paint everywhere.

If you are looking to paint, it will pay you to send to us for a book containing information that may save you many a dollar. It will only cost you a postal card to do so.

NATIONAL LEAD CO.,

100 Broadway, New York

& St. Louis Branch,

Clay Avenue and Twelfth Street

SEWN OF THE STORM

Seventy Swollen Bodies Taken from the Coosaw River.

OVER ONE HUNDRED MISSING.

Hilton Head, S.C., Aug. 31. News from the storm-swept district of Port Royal and Beaufort is still very meager. There is no telegraphic communication with these places, the only news obtainable being by mail. News received by the Chronicle brings the startling intelligence that seventy dead and swollen bodies were taken from the Coosaw river by searching parties. Not one-half of the horrors of the storm has yet been told, as messengers from surrounding sections are arriving hourly bringing news of deaths and terrible havoc caused by Saturday night's gale. The result of the day's work of relief puts the number of missing at over 100, but owing to the poor means of communication correct lists of the dead cannot be obtained. At several places along the Coosaw river were found eight or ten bodies lying on the bank close together. Graves were hastily dug near the places of discovery of the bodies and without ceremony the storm victims were placed beneath the earth. Many of the dead were so advanced in putrefaction that the sight was sickening and revolting. Suffering in some localities among negroes is reported as being distressing. In some cases there being only one or two left out of whole families of ten or fifteen.

Savannah, Ga., Aug. 31.-Capt. Pinney, of the steamer Bessie, which arrived from Beaufort, St. Helena and Hilton Head, says that Beaufort is wrecked and that on the Island the loss of life among the negroes is very great. Fully half the population on the Island is drowned.

Wilmington, N.C., Aug. 31. The three-masted schooner, Corrie L. Godfrey, of Philadelphia, Capt. Frank Somers, of Somers Point, N.J., from Charleston for Wilmington, Del., with a cargo of acid phosphate and nitrate soda, put in at Southport slightly damaged, and having lost her sails. Two men, names not given, were washed overboard and drowned.

DEESON FOUND GUILTY.

The World's Fair Commissioner from Oklahoma Lays a Serious Cloud.

Chicago, Aug. 31. The special committee appointed by the national commission to investigate the charges of bribery against Commissioner Asa S. Mercer, of Wyoming, and Commissioner Othniel Deeson, of Oldham, has made its report. Commissioner Mercer was exculpated from the charge, but the action of Mr. Deeson was condemned. Referring to Commissioner Mercer the report says:

"There is nothing in the evidence in anywise tending to implicate Alternate Commissioner Mercer in the transaction which has occasioned this investigation, save that which is suggested by his presence in company with Commissioner Deeson in the booth containing the exhibit in the Russian section of the agricultural building on Saturday, but it clearly appears from the evidence of Commissioner Deeson that Commissioner Mercer's presence there at the time indicated was, so far as Mercer was concerned, a mere accident, and that Mercer had no knowledge or information as to anything which had heretofore transpired between Deeson and Mrs. Harmon Anson and any one connected with said exhibit, and that in the judgment of your committee Alternate Commissioner Mercer was not a participant in the scheme between Deeson and Mrs. Anson and the representatives of the exhibit nor responsible therefor, and is therefore fully exculpated from the charge."

In reference to Mr. Deeson the report continues: "In view of Mr. Deeson's admission as to the participation with and in cooperation in the scheme of his sister-in-law, Mrs. Anson, it is not essential to undertake the determination of any conflict in the evidence, inasmuch as his conceded relations to the transaction are wholly incompatible and inconsistent with his official station as a member of the World's Columbian commission, and involved such a disregard of the proprieties thereof, and an obliviousness of those high moral considerations which should invariably govern all charged with the performance of a public trust, as to merit the unqualified condemnation of the said commission, and require from that body such prompt action as will properly vindicate and preserve unimpaired its honor, dignity and privileges."

Milwaukee's Late Fire.

Milwaukee, Aug. 31. A loss of $60,000 resulted from a fire which raged for two hours in six of the stores in the large block owned by Lindsay Bros., on Reed street. The occupants of the portion of the building burned were the Milwaukee Transfer & Storage Co., the Milwaukee agency of the McCormick Harvester Co., Glueder & Co. and W. H. Starkweather & Co., dealer in tin and metals. The total insurance is unknown.

St. Clair County's Indebtedness to Settle.

Kansas City, Mo., Aug. 31. The proposition to settle St. Clair county's bonded indebtedness of $500,000 for fifty cents on the dollar was submitted to the voters of the county yesterday at a special election and defeated by a vote of 711 to 131. Judges Cotchaver, Nevitt and Lyons who were allowed to return home by Judge Phillips of the federal court to call the election, will probably be returned to the jail in this city.

Judge Ross in the United States district court at Los Angeles, Cal., handed down an opinion declaring that the warrant for the arrest of Williamson under section 4 of the treasury law was invalid with the complaint, when its verification is in proper form.

Hurt by His Friend.

Leavenworth, Kan., Sept. 3. Frank Huster accidentally shot and fatally wounded William Case, about 11:45 o'clock last night. Huster and Case, each aged about 19 years, were in a grocery store at 17th and Leavenworth streets playing with a revolver which belonged to Huster. The weapon was discharged and the ball entered Case's chest just over the heart. Case spurns life at Fort Leavenworth. His father works for the Missouri Valley Railroad Co.

INCIDENTS AT BAXTER SPRINGS.

The Fireman's Relief Association to Hold a Free Festival.

Lawrence, Kan., Sept. 2. Whatsoever may have been ex-Senator Ingalls' political opinions or aspirations previous to this time, he is now and will in the future be a double-dyed republican. He announced himself as such in Camp Logan last night in the presence of 10,000 witnesses, and unless there is a hitch in the program he will keep his word.

His reception by the old soldiers of the Inter-State Reunion association was as great and as cordial as any man ever received in the state of Kansas. He was received as the John J. of old, the Johny come lately who skinned Voorhees and voted for every pension bill that was ever engrossed on the records of the Senate. His speech was bright, witty and largely new. He claimed to have been born a republican, and if he had not would want to be born again. He scored the statesmen at Washington who, in the hour of greatest peril, had found no other remedy than a proposition to cut off soldiers' pensions. He claimed to be a free silver republican, and said that any party that stood for a single gold standard would be ground to powder, even the party that retired him to private life.

The greater portion of his speech was directed to the policy of the government with reference to pensions, and he said that every soldier who fought in any war previous to the rebellion, or his widow, was today on the pension rolls for service only and irrespective of disability. He voted to put every Mexican war veteran on the rolls for service because it was just, and because he wanted to place the union veterans on the rolls for service also.

CRISIS OVER.

Dun's Review on the General Turn of Conditions.

MANUFACTURERS WILL SOON FEEL IT.

Anxiety About Money Greatly Relieved—Imported Articles Ceased

Business Failures Are

Decreasing.

New York, Sept. 3. U. O. Dun & Co.'s weekly review of trade says:

Money markets throughout the country are more boisterous, failures diminishing in number and resumption by a number of banks and other establishments illustrates the general tendency toward a revival of confidence. Manufacturers do not yet feel the upward impulse and exhibit on the whole rather less signs of improvement than seekers. The record of the week has been mainly one of satisfactory progress toward recovery.

Wheat was affected to some extent by the Vienna report, though it was presently realized that the estimate as to this country was no more reliable than those of the department, and that the estimate as a whole gave no assurance that the heavy surplus of old wheat would be required. Corn yielded a little with more satisfactory crop reports, but in spite of better advices from the more important cotton producing states the price of that staple was advanced an eighth. The stock carried over from the crop year just closed, without any allowance for such a decline in consumption as has been witnessed during the past half year, apparently renders it certain that there will be no cotton famine for a year to come. The stock of American at home and abroad is about 5,611,410 bales. The industrial situation mends but little. The signs of improvement noted a week ago are scarcely sustained, for while twelve textile and thirteen iron and steel concerns have resumed after stoppage, fifty-five textile and twenty-one iron and steel concerns have stopped. In addition thirteen others have reduced working time and several have reduced working forces and a large number of the works, including most of those in Fall River, have reduced wages from 10 to 25 per cent. A more cheerful tone is seen in iron and steel markets nevertheless prices do not improve, nor are orders sufficient to cause general resumption of work. The shipments of boots and shoes from Boston show decrease for the last week of 80 per cent compared with the corresponding week last year.

The sales of wool at the three chief markets last week were only 1,110,721 pounds, against 6,173,114 for the corresponding week last year, and the decrease since new wool began to come forward has been about 50 per cent. Somewhat more buying is seen in cotton goods from the west and south, but the market is still narrow and hostile.

The anxiety about money has been greatly relieved and scarcely any premium is now paid for currency, partly because many concerns which required cash for payment of hands have stopped, while many others are using checks and other substitutes for cash.

The decrease in imports at New York in August was about 30 per cent, while in exports from here there was a small increase of 8.0 per cent. Since the advance in rates by the Bank of England engagements of gold for shipment to this country have nearly ceased, though 18,000 arrived during the week.

Disbursements September 1 are about $25,000,000 and $19,000,000 at Boston and Philadelphia in railroad carloadings thus far reported for August the decrease is 11.7 per cent. The failures number during the past week in the United States 90, against 118 for the same week last year, and in Canada 5, against 58 last year. But of arms falling in the United States quarter ten were employing capital exceeding $100,000 each and only sixty-two others exceeding $13,000 each. In the eastern states the failures numbered 110 and the western 111, in the southern 60 showing improvements in each section.

HOMESTEADERS ARRIVING ON THE BORDER IN EVERY CONCEIVABLE WAY.

Caldwell, Kan., Sept. 3. The homesteaders are coming in every conceivable form, some on foot, others on horseback and in buggies, but the majority in prairie schooners and via the three railways. Every incoming train on the Rock Island brings in scores who deem this city the natural gateway to that long promised land which will soon be thrown open to settlers. All along the suburbs of the city can be seen homesteader camps. On Fall and Huff creeks are numerous camps of horsebackers averaging fifty to each camp.

Companies K and V of the Sixth cavalry have arrived from Fort Riley and are stationed on the line near the booth on Huff creek. Two more companies are expected today or tomorrow.

There are four printing outfits stored here ready to ship to Pond creek as soon as the first train leaves after the opening.

Does Not Approve the Johnson Bill.

Washington, Sept. 2. The house committee on banking and currency discussed the Johnson bond currency interconvertible bill but adjourned until Tuesday without arriving at a determination thereon. In the progress of the discussion it developed that several members of the committee had been in conference with Secretary Carlisle and the influence from the tenor of the statement by these gentlemen was that the secretary did not approve the Johnson bill. The probabilities are that the bill will not be reported from this committee.

DEBT STATEMENT.

Over $10,000,000 Increase During the Month of August.

THE PRINCIPAL TREASURY HEMS.

Secretary Carlisle Explains the Silver Purchases Receipts and Expenditures Paper Money Again Being Paid Out.

Washington, Sept. 3. The debt statement shows a net increase in the public debt, less cash in the treasury during August, of $10,522,898. The interest-bearing debt increased $100, the non-interest-bearing debt decreased $100,908 and the cash in the treasury decreased $10,303,060.

The balances of the several classes of debt at the close of business on August 31, were: Interest-bearing debt, $1,037,990; debt on which interest ceased since maturity, $2,013,040; debt bearing no interest, $373,877,128. Total, $10,137,258.

The certificates and treasury notes offset by an equal amount of cash in the treasury outstanding at the end of the month were $5,014,831, a decrease of $1,747,710. The total cash in the treasury was $713,857,887. The gold reserve was $90,200,123, and the net cash balances $11,274,787. In the month there was a decrease in gold coin and bars of $10,390,700, the total at the close being $170,433,172. Of silver there was a decrease of $3,303,630. Of the surplus there was on national bank deposits $17,089,476, against $17,044,003 at the end of the previous month.

Secretary Carlisle says that the silver purchased by the treasury department during the month of August, 1893, was 8,898,023 ounces, costing $3,880,532. The total silver purchased under the act of July 14, 1890, up to August 31, has been 103,047,004 fine ounces, costing $151,801,170.

The silver bullion on hand at the several mints is as follows: Philadelphia, 114,300,011 fine ounces, costing $104,810,703; San Francisco, 11,859,143 fine ounces, costing $10,291,723; New Orleans, 8,303,003 fine ounces, costing $7,213,020; Carson, 600,074 fine ounces, costing $487,218. Total, 134,036,403 fine ounces, costing $123,203,760.

From the silver bullion purchased 30,087,185 silver dollars have been coined, the bullion therein contained costing $29,501,117. This number of silver dollars is held in the treasury for the redemption of treasury notes. There is some $714,000 which have been redeemed and cancelled. The coining value in silver dollars of the bullion on hand is $184,001,242.

TREASURY'S LATE CURRENCY EXPERIMENT.

Washington, Sept. 2. The official comparison statement of the receipts and expenditures of the United States issued in detail from the treasury department yesterday shows that the receipts for August were $7,000,000 less than for July, while the expenditures were $1,030,000 less. The expenditures for the two months of the present fiscal year exceeded the receipts $17,000,000.

The statement shows one significant decrease in the item of pensions, which were $1,000,000 less than were the payments under this head in July.

RESUMPTION OF PAYMENT OF PAPER MONEY.

Washington, Sept. 2. The treasury department yesterday resumed the payment over its counters here of paper money. For the past ten days only gold has been paid for treasury checks. This has reduced the gold and also allowed the treasury to secure a stock of paper money, believed to be sufficient at least for present needs. The balance, which by the heavy payments has been reduced to $97,000,000, will now be built up until the reserve of $100,000,000 becomes again intact.

RACE TRACK FRACAS.

Budd Doble Maces Kelly With His Whip.

New York, Sept. 2. The threatened weather had no effect upon the enthusiastic admirers of the light harness horses at Pleasantwood park. The horses in the postponed heat of the free-for-all got away on very even terms.

When they reached the lower turn, Blue Sign, Toy Wilkes and Villo got into a scrimmage in which Blue Sign was cut down very badly and crippled for life on the forward foot. In the meantime Budd Doble and Kelly were fighting it out, and at the last half Doble tried to go through next the rail, when Kelly drew in on him, thinking he would pull his horse up. Instead, Doble ran the pacer up to Kelly's sulky and deliberately slashed him with his whip, causing an ugly wound on Kelly's face. The latter then opened up the space, and Doble tried to gain, but Kelly held him up to the stretch, when Doble used his whip to good advantage on Manager and landed him a winner by half a length. The behavior of the two drivers did not exactly satisfy the judges so they decided to fine Doble $100 and Kelly had to be satisfied with fifth place in the heat. This same heat was trotted in the fastest time ever made for a half mile on the Pleasantwood track.

Woman Suffragists Assemble.

Kansas City, Kan., Sept. 2. Kansas City, Kan., is honored with the presence of some of the most noted women of the country, who have assembled here to attend the first grand rally of the Kansas Equal Suffrage association. The meeting is being held at Lancaster's tabernacle on State avenue. The first session was opened last evening under flattering auspices. There will be three sessions today, and the rally will close tonight with a big oratorical demonstration.

Clearing house returns for the week ended August 31 showed an average decrease of 32.5 compared with the corresponding week of last year. In New York the decrease was 84.1.

Lawrence, Kan., Sept. 3. After being without water just one week Lawrence is again supplied. Yesterday the engines of the Kansas Water & Light Co. were started and in two hours water was flowing through the mains. This action was the result of several conferences between the city and the water company, the result of which will be to open negotiations for settlement.

The Senate has confirmed a large number of nominations, among them those of Charles Schaeffer, of Kansas, consul at Vera Cruz, and U. O. Spillman, register of the land office at Kingfisher, Okla.

Cattle Ranches. All in ruin.