ABILENE WEEKLY REFLECTOR, ABILENE, KANSAS, AUGUST 17, 1911.

ABOUT PEOPLE.

B. P. Halbert was up from Chapman.

Mrs. J. B. Meserve and daughter went to Denver.

H. J. Miller of Elmo was a pleasant Reflector caller.

Miss Lou Phereson left for a visit at Shawnee, Oklahoma.

Mrs. J. N. Dieter is home from a visit to western New York.

Mrs. Geo. Shaw of Oklahoma City is visiting Mr. and Mrs. Roy Shearer.
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Hutchison left for a visit in Omaha with their son.
Mr. and Mrs. D. A. Lott of Parona were here on their way to Colorado. Bert Livingston who is now located in Los Angeles, is visiting old friends here.
Charles Cans and Miss Elizabeth Wyandt returned from a visit with relatives in Ohio.
Isaac Shockey left for Winnipeg, Canada. He will look after his land interests while there.
Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Howard left for a trip to the Pacific coast. They will visit in Colorado en route.
George Brown and his two sons, Edwin and Ralph, were down from Manchester and made the Reflector call.
B. D. Whitehead left for the Chicago and New York markets to buy the fall stock for his dry goods store.
Miss Edith Jesaop, who has been visiting relatives here, returned to Topeka. Mrs. C. F. Denny accompanied her.
Mrs. H. C. Lower and daughter, Miss Grace Lower, stopped over on their way returning from Colorado to their home in Kansas City.
C. H. Silver is back from Florida as enthusiastic as ever over the selling of lands in that state. He says Abilene people there are prospering.
Mr. and Mrs. Bert Dyer left for an extended trip through Colorado.

Corn is maturing now," said Mr. Brown, "and needs rain badly."
John Whitehair returned from Hays where he went on business. He hunted buffalo near Hays in 1871 and sees quite a change in conditions there now.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Peatling were down from Oak Hill taking in the log rolling and called on the Reflector. Mr. P. has just finished threshing 60 acres of wheat which averaged 20 bushels. He says his corn looks fine and promises a good crop.
Miss Olive Nutt who returned from Estes Park, Colo., Saturday, was one of the Kansans who attended the picnic in honor of Chancellor Strong's birthday at the park Aug. 8. Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Jacobs were also there. About 600 Kansans were in the party.

SLIPPED ON THE STAIRS AND THREE RIBS BROKEN.
While on the cellar steps of his residence on North Mulberry yesterday afternoon, O. A. Benlgnue slipped and fell. His side struck the steps and resulted in the breaking of three ribs besides numerous sprains and bruises. He is getting along nicely today.

WEATHER OF THE WEEK.
Official government observations taken by Howard Wagner, 6 miles east of Abilene:

Temperature
High Low Rain

Sky

Aug. 8.... 86 ... Pt. Cldy
Aug. 9 101 68 ... Clear
Aug. 10. ..102 70 ... Clear
Aug. 11... 104 72 ... Pt. Cldy
Aug. 12... 99 70 Clear
Aug. 13... 96 65 ... Clear
Aug. 14... 66 65 ... Clear

BACK TO NATURE.
A hen is not supposed to have much common sense or tact, yet every time she lays an egg she cackles for the fact.
A rooster hasn't got a lot of intellect to show, but, none the less most roosters have enough good sense to grow.
The mule, the most despised of beasts has a persistent way of letting people know he's around by his insistent bray.
The busy little bees they buzz, bulls bellow and cows moo, and watch dogs bark, and ganders quark and doves and pigeons coo.
The peacock spreads his tail and squawks: pigs squeal and robins sing, and even serpents know enough to hiss before they sting.
But Man, the great master-trapper that Nature could devise, will often stop and hesitate before he'll ADVANCE.
Exchange.

RECENT REFLECTIONS:
Born, Sunday afternoon, to Mr. and Mrs. Roy McCarty, a daughter.
For sale, one carriage and one buggy. See E. E. Coulson! 16dwtf
The Landes showmen left yesterday for Oskaloosa where they show this week.
We have placed on sale at the low price of One Dollar all Summer Trimmed Hats. M. & B. Peacock, successors to Gunston & Jenkins.

15d5twlt
$1.05 off sale on Men's Oxfords at the Blue Front.

w-dl
Robert Barnes, formerly of Abilene, is playing with a stock company in the northwest. He was at Aberdeen, Wash., last week.

The Union Pacific railroad is repairing the crossing on Buckeye.
A heavy timber walk is being placed upon the north side of the track.

Something New! See the display of clever White Felt Hats, which are the rage just now at M. B. Peacock's Millinery. Successors to Gunston & Jenkins'. 15d5twlt

Wanted, dining room help. O'Neill's restaurant. 14d3twl

J. L. Engle has purchased a model 83 Buick from E. E. Coulson. Mr. Coulson today received a new fore-door Buick No. 27, a very handsome car.

H. D. Landes writes from Winnipeg that he is taking in Western Canada and having a good time. "It's great country," says he. He will be home in two weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Case are on their way home from New York. They will tour by motor through New York and to Cleveland, Ohio, then ship their car home.
Born, to Mr. and Mrs. Will Rose, of Waterloo, Iowa, a girl. Mrs. Rose was formerly Miss Pearl Franks of this city. Ed. Franks, the new grandfather, is about the proudest man in town.
R. G. Irey has purchased the old Shipe lot at the west end of Third street bridge and will erect a dwelling. He is building a wall to keep out the floods, which have devastated the location several times.
G. A. Kubach is having a new five-light, cement street lamp installed in front of his Lyric theatre. These privately installed lights are a big help to the downtown district. J. E. Valentine is doing the work.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Case are in New York. They found the road so dusty from the great travel and no rain in western Connecticut that they left the car 30 miles out of New York and rode in by train, sending back for the car later.
J. E. Beeghley writes from Peculiar, Mo.: "We have received our paper regularly and are more than glad to get it. Wheat was good here, oats fair, corn is looking fine. Have had plenty of rain since July 23. You can tell our old friends that we are all well and hope you are the same."
Fern Ramsey writes for the Reflector from Moore, Idaho: "I enclose order for one year's subscription to the weekly Reflector. Can't get along without some news from home."

WE ARE READY AS NEVER BEFORE TO AID YOU IN
Fall Furniture & House Furnishing
BUYING
In past seasons our stocks have been complete. This season they are in even better condition.
Our store service is par excellence from start to finish. Painstaking salespeople to serve you and aid you in supplying your needs. Prompt and careful service to deliver things as they should be delivered.
Our prices fair and just lower than elsewhere for goods of the same quality mean supplying your wants to you at handsome savings.
We have planned harder than ever this Fall to merit your patronage. The very best store service at your command means anything to you, we're bound to get it.

Unquestionably
the
Greatest
Variety of
Substantial
Goods

Our Many
Satisfied
Customers
Bespeak
Our
Popularity

Learn to depend on us for your House Furnishings. Our goods are always reliable and you always get full value for your money.
Come to headquarters and take no chances with small stocky and limited assortments.

YOUNG GIRL MISSING.
Parents Fear She Has Been Kidnapped.

Investigation.

(From Monday's Daily)
Florence Van Doren, the 16-year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Van Doren has been missing since early yesterday evening and her parents fear that she has met with foul play.

The authorities have been notified and are doing all in their power to find some clue to her whereabouts, but so far her disappearance remains an absolute mystery.

MISSING GIRL IS FOUND.
Four Boys In Her Company Arrested in Solomon.

From Tuesday's Daily
Another mysterious disappearance was partially cleared up today when four young men and Florence Van Doren, the missing 16-year-old girl, were detained in Solomon.

EMERALD MONDAY ARRAIGNED ON A FELONIOUS CHARGE.

Abilene and your paper seems to get the most of it. Am getting along fine and believe this country is going to become a very remarkable farming and commercial center.

A typographical error made rather obscure an article in last night's paper regarding the admissions to the ball game. The gatekeepers say there was no complaint from Abilene people except from the secretary of the Commercial club, D. W. Tappan. The newspapermen who attended the game all paid as did the committee members themselves. No one had any license to object.

TWO BISHOPS ARE HERE.
Election of Officers for the Sisters of Wichita Diocese.
Bishop Cunningham of Concordia and Bishop Hennesey of Wichita, the two foremost leaders of the Catholic church of Kansas, are at St. Joseph's academy. They arrived last evening and today the annual business meeting of the Sisters of St. Joseph of Wichita diocese.
Sister Aloyia was reelected mother superior for the diocese.
Other business is being transacted. The "retreat of the sisters which has been in progress for a week has closed and at the end of the business meeting the attendants will retire home.

The officers had received a report from Tescott, Kansas, that a young lady answering her description had spent the night there and that four young men were with her. The party had left Tescott when the report reached here and a lookout was set for them all along the line, finally getting them when they stepped from the afternoon U. P. train at Solomon.

The principal young man in the case is Emerald Monday, who, according to the fragmentary report which has reached here, claims that they ran away from Abilene with the intention of getting married but that a lack of funds prevented them from doing so. The others of the party are three boys who are engaged in running a novelty stand at street fairs and were in Abilene during the log rolling.
The story as told by Monday is that he and Miss Van Doren left here Sunday night and drove to Enterprise, from there they went to Salina and on to Tescott, from Tescott they came back to Salina and through to Solomon this afternoon. He claims that they were to be married as soon as he could get enough money. Just where the other three boys came in has not been explained in the meager reports obtainable.
Sheriff Toong and Frank Van Doren, father of the girl, went to Solomon with warrants for the boys this afternoon and all of them will be brought to Abilene for further investigation.

From Wednesday's Daily.
Emerald Monday, the young man arrested in Solomon yesterday in company with Florence Van Doren, was arraigned before Justice Quinn this afternoon on a felonious charge and the preliminary hearing continued until Saturday.
The other three young men who composed the party gave their names as Chas. Sparks, Chester Carlton and Chas. Newbury. They said that they were in the carnival business, running a novelty stand. They stated that they had become acquainted with Monday during the log rolling here but that they knew nothing of the girl until they happened to meet the runaway couple on the streets of Tescott Tuesday. That they had slept in the stock yards in that city Monday night and were with Monday and Miss Van Doren only as an accidental train meeting when they were arrested in Solomon.
These three boys were released for a lack of evidence to incriminate them.

Until a few days ago, when lack of rain began to make things look dry again. Now that the farmers are once more holding their corn waiting to see what the weather may have in store for them.
Some of the farmers are also reporting that chinch bugs are infesting the corn and causing considerable damage.

GETTING READY FOR LIGHTS.
Ordinance Being Drawn for Submission to the Voters.
Under orders of the city commissioners the ordinance to be submitted to the people at a special election to decide on a light system for the entire city is being prepared. It will provide a plan to put lights at every corner in town.

WOODMEN STRAIGHTENING UP LOG ROLLING BUSINESS.
The Story Hour.
This morning at the library Miss Helen Sterl delightfully told the story of Parsifal and beautifully impressed the symbolism of the Holy Grail. Attention was called to the fact that the Parsifal of the opera and the Sir Galahad of Arthurian legend are the same knight. Miss Edith Fenton pleasingly reviewed the Nibelungen ring.

Went to the Corn Roast.
A dozen families from town went out to Henry Stevens' fine farm south of town last night to the annual corn roast of the U and I neighborhood. About 200 persons were there and big buckets of boiled corn and roast corn with tables loaded with sandwiches and other eatables greeted the party. The young folks played games and all had a most enjoyable evening.

CORN COMES IN SLOWLY.
Dry Weather Affects Supply
Reports of Chinch Bugs.

Because it has quit raining for a week, very little corn is going to market. The rains of a few weeks ago started the corn moving lively, and this rush continued as long as the weather was favorable.

At an executive meeting of Woodmen last night the work of gathering up the loose ends and straightening out the log rolling business was taken up. Many of the bills were audited and allowed and prizes were ordered paid.

DES MOINES CAR STRIKE IN COURT
Company Now Thinks Judge's Order "Unconstitutional"

WOULD DISSOLVE INJUNCTION
Claim Made That City Officials Were in Collusion With Unions to Cripple the Street Car Company.
Des Moines, Ia., Aug. 10. Charging among other things that Judge Lawrence DeOrad violated the constitution of the United States and of the state of Iowa when he issued a mandatory injunction which terminated the street car strike here the Des Moines City Railway company has filed a motion to set aside the injunction.

Beasala I. Hlatt, the conductor whose discharge was responsible for the strike at nearby Altoona and other employees of the company, is charged in 21 counts with having violated rules. The charges against Hlatt cover two years, and range from "knocking down" fares to smoking on duty. It is asserted he was properly and lawfully discharged, and had no connection with the company at the time the suit was filed and was not made a defendant and therefore had no standing in court. The order by Judge DeOrad was issued on complaint of the city. The street car company and the executive committee of the carmen's union were made defendants.
It is charged that the city, as complainant "does not come into court with clean hands," that the city police wrongfully arrested men employed to take the places of union operatives; that Mayor James R. Hanns and Commissioner Roe "failed and refrained" from protecting the company's property, its officers and new employees in their efforts to resume car traffic; that they "failed and refrained" from dispersing the mob which prevented the operation of that and that they allowed the police to encourage and sympathize with the striking employees.
The company alleges that the city brought its suit in collusion with the union organization, for the purpose of compelling it to reinstate Hlatt. It charges the Judge issuing the order with violating Article 6 of the amendment to the United States constitution, and of section, article 1 of the state constitution. These sections and articles provide "no person shall be deprived of life, liberty or property without due process of law."

HAWAIIANS TO SHOW CONGRESS
Asks Visit of House Committee to Learn Needs of Islands, and Pays Expense of Trip.

Washington, Aug. 14. The territorial legislature of Hawaii, in order that congress may be informed as to the resources and needs of the Islands, has asked that members of the house committee on territories and the committee on insular affairs visit the islands at the close of the present session.

Representative I. D. Toung of the Sixth Kansas district has been selected as one of the members of the committee on territories which will leave San Francisco September 10, and will spend 20 days in Hawaii. San Francisco will be reached on the return trip about October 1. Hawaii defrays the expenses of the trip.

Jail Idea is Mississippi.
Jackson, Miss., Aug. 14. Watercarriers in the city jail hereafter will have no easy berth. Fellow Judge Maasala has erased that they shall wear a straightjacket.