ABILENE WEEKLY REFLECTOR, ABILENE, KANSAS, MAY 24, 1900.—TWELVE PAGES.

COUNTY REFLECTIONS

DETROIT.
C. C. and Koger Tilton returned Monday from Galva, Ill.
The W. C. T. U. have open meeting at the church Sunday at 3 p. m. All invited.
Alice Munsell left last week for Marion county where she will visit for several weeks.
The men employed in the saw mill had quite a rest during the rainy period.
Mr. and Mrs. Cobb and daughter returned to their home in Ellsworth after several weeks' visit with relatives here and at Moonlight.
Can get great bargains in shoes of all kinds at Nusz's southside store.
BANNER CITY.
J. R. Perkins had a toe amputated Friday. He cut his foot with an ax several years ago and this toe had troubled him ever since.
Robert Boyd and mother returned from Kansas City Saturday. Robert underwent an operation for appendicitis there two weeks ago.
Miss Frankie Baxter of Carlton is staying at H. G. Gould's. Mrs. Gould is on the sick list.
G. L. Armstrong and wife left for a visit with Mr. Armstrong's parents at Waynoka, Okla.
Father Mowry of Salina was a guest of Father O'Reilly Monday.
The M. W. A. will give a ball in Berry's hall Wednesday evening, May 30.
Born, to Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Lloyd, Saturday, May 19th, a nine-pound boy.
Dr. and Mrs. Stephens visited at Allen, Kan., Sunday and Monday.
Mrs. John Duddy is on the sick list.
Alex. E. Smyser of Perry, Okla., was in town Monday.
A letter from Fred Gleason of the 40th volunteers now in the island of Mindanao, says he has been in twelve scraps with the natives lately.
A. L. Shane and Mrs. Bert Percy were in Abilene Monday.
Mrs. Al Homan, who has been visiting relatives in this vicinity the past two weeks, returned to her home in Abilene Monday.
John McCormick, who has been at St. Marguerite's hospital, Kansas City, for the past three months, came home Tuesday evening. John had an operation performed on his leg and some of the bone taken out. He is able to get around on crutches now and thinks he will get along all right.
Miss Bee McRoberts of Malta Bend, Mo., is visiting her uncle, Dr. Stephens.
Several of our young people attended the dance at Pat Cairns' Tuesday night.
Try a pound package of Sunita coffee, only 10¢. Theo. Nusz.
TALIVUGA.
Rev. Gilluly of Abilene will preach at the church Sunday evening.
Jennie Moore, who is attending school at Salina, spent Sunday at home.
A number of our boys are proving good fishermen. They caught a carp which weighed 8½ pounds in Mud creek.
There will be preaching at the hall every Sunday evening in the future.
Elmer Baumbaugh was seen on our streets Tuesday.
Children's day will be observed at the Prairie Dale M. E. church.
DILLON.
Milt Brinkman is home on a visit from Burns.
G. J. Cook and wife returned from their trip to Oklahoma.
The Sunday school of the M. E. church is preparing for a Children's day exercises.
The elevator will soon be completed. D. D. Nusz and wife spent Sunday in Abilene visiting Mr. and Mrs. Theo. Nusz.
A. Bohannon had his eyes treated in Salina last week.
Owing to the stormy weather the social was postponed.

SPECIAL REFLECTOR CORRESPONDENTS.

SOLOMON.
Mrs. Ralph Davis left Sunday to join her husband at Wichita; from there they leave by southern route for San Francisco and Portland, Ore.
Mrs. Frank Talpey and son came in Sunday to attend the funeral of her sister-in-law, Mrs. E. German.
W. A. Hopkins returned Tuesday from Topeka where he attended the postmasters' convention.
Mrs. Sugden, Mrs. Gormely and daughter of Junction City came up Saturday to attend the funeral of Mrs. German.
Twenty of the K. P.'s went to Herington Tuesday evening.
Miss Lizzie E. Weoster of Topeka, who has made such a success of her textbooks, spent Monday with Mrs. W. A. Hopkins.
The schools held their exercises Monday afternoon in the different rooms. Each room showed by the program a great interest and the many visitors were well pleased.
Commencement exercises will be held in the M. E. church Friday evening. There are five graduates, Misses Tosa Anderson, Maggie Heigele, Nannie Godell; Messrs. Zeva Edworthy, John Sullivan. Dr. Blayney of Abilene will deliver the address to the graduates.
Dr. Mont Gantz left Saturday for his home in Beloit. He has been assisting Dr. Donmoyer in the dental office for the past ten days.
Miss Ozetta Marshall leaves Saturday for a few days' visit in Ellsworth. From there she goes to Douglas to spend her vacation.
Mr. and Mrs. D. J. Kimmerly of Prudence, Okla., are visiting their son E. F. this week.
CHAPMAN.
The high school senior class went to Junction City Tuesday and had their photos taken.
Mrs. A. J. Poor and children came up from Kansas City the first of the week. They will spend the summer here.
Herbert Poor has on exhibition in Arnold & Scanlan's store window twelve Belgian hares. They are quite a curiosity.
A number of the K. P.'s attended the meeting at Herington Tuesday evening.
Mrs. Campbell of Carlton visited her daughter at the high school Tuesday. P. H. Halleck and Will Hoon of Abilene were in town Tuesday.
Hugh Smiley has moved to the Graham residence in the west part of town.
Mrs. Belle Rexroat returned from Barton county Monday where she visited her brothers.
Thomas Carroll of Cincinnati will spend the summer with his sons here.
Don't miss this chance. Ladies' oxfords at 75¢ per pair at Theo. Nusz's southside store.
DAYTON.
John Welshnar attended the Republican convention at Topeka.
Miss Alice Gardner, who has been in Atchison for six months, is visiting her sister, Mrs. C. E. Rhodes.
A pleasant time is reported by those who attended the dance at J. H. Miller's last Saturday night. Another was held at Mike Hoffman's Tuesday night and one will be given at John Baier's Saturday night.
Henry Rufener and Christ Stemire went to Marion county Saturday to help drive some cattle from Tampa to C. Schreader's herd.
Anna Sollenberger of Ramona was the guest of Mary Elsenhower Saturday and Sunday.
U. S. Rohrer is building a granary 32x32 in prospect of the large wheat crop.
Herman Ibde is the happy possessor of a new bicycle. Mrs. Walter Rock also has one.
I have a nice line of lawns and challie only 5¢ per yard at Nusz's southside store.
Herington Loses 24.
Jonathan Wood, trustee of Lyn township, made his report. It shows Herington's population 1753, a decrease of 21 in the year.

A Friend in Need
Is a Friend Indeed.
Your blood is poor and therefore you suffer from eruptions, pains and general debility and "that tired feeling." The blood is the real source of ill health. Hood's Sarsaparilla is the shipherd of health. Why? Because it purifies the blood is nothing else can. Tired Feeling—"I used to feel so tired in the morning than when I went to bed, and my back pained me. Hood's Sarsaparilla and Hood's Pills cured me and I feel ten years younger." B. Scheblein, 274 Bushwick Place, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Be sure to get Hood's because Hood's fills more liver bills than non-irritating and fully curative to take with Hood's Sarsaparilla.

GARFIELD.
Mr. and Mrs. Marten visited Mr. Van Horn Sunday.
Communion service was held at Mt. Pleasant and also at Pohota last Sunday.
Misses Cora and Mary Emig visited at Mr. Birehell's last Sunday.
Children's Day exercises will be held at Mt. Pleasant June 3, exercises commencing at 10 o'clock.
Vent Shirack is improving the looks of Mr. Birehell's house very much by giving it a new coat of paint.
The many friends of Miss Mary Woolverton are very sorry to hear of her illness and all hope for her a speedy recovery.
Miss Hannah Rogers is visiting in Salina.
John Walker is suffering with blood poisoning.
Always have a nice line of work shirts, overalls and work gloves at right prices. Theo. Nusz's southside store.
BUCKEYE.
C. Marings and family visited Lee Baldwin's Sunday.
Mrs. J. Tilman visited her sister, Mrs. Grey, who is sick, on Sunday.
John Ransom of Harrisburg, Pa., is visiting Joe Cress.
C. Stokeley spent Sunday with E. D. Hooper.
Mrs. Joe Cress is in Abilene taking care of her father who is sick.
Geo. Bradley visited E. Taylor south of town Sunday.
E. Bergstresser, dentist.
ACME.
John Klovor did business in Hope last week.
Born, May 17, to Mr. and Mrs. Bert Dunlap, a young son.
Mrs. L. B. Campbell is visiting in Manhattan.
Wm. Campbell, one of the county's veteran school teachers, is visiting here this week.
Acme creamery received 19,250 pounds of milk on Monday morning.
E. L. Engle of Pennsylvania is visiting friends and relatives here.
Nice line of dried fruits at low prices. Theo. Nusz, southside store.
PLAGUE IN JAPAN.
The Petition Herald of Kobe Announces Outbreak of Plague in Osaka. About It,000 Persons Are Infected.
Vancouver, B. C., May 17.—The steamer Empress of India brings the unwelcome news that the plague has again broken out in Japan, this time in Osaka. The Kobe Herald says there were four cases of the disease in Osaka during April, all proving fatal. Plague germs were positively located in the blood of the victims.
There is grave apprehension that the pest may spread at this time, the beginning of the wet, warm season, when climatic conditions will be specially favorable to the cultivation of the bacillus. The Nippon states that no fewer than 11 persons died from pest last month, that their remains were cremated and their property disinfected, but that the public was carefully kept in ignorance of the renewal of the plague.

FINAL SUM
Elgin, Ill., May 17.—Mrs. Phoebe A. Posson, sister of Congressman Albert J. Hopkins, shot herself at her home yesterday in Maple Park. She was alone at the time and the discovery was made by her little daughter upon her return from school. Mrs. Posson had been brooding over the death of her husband and was in ill health.

ABILENE, KAN., famous Huron-lilies and Poland China. Write

GOV. SMITH'S OPINION.
The Chief Executive of Montana Speaks in Vigorous Terms About the Appointment of Senator Clark.
Ogden, Utah, May 17. Gov. Robert B. Smith, of Montana, was in Ogden yesterday, arriving from the coast en route to Helena. Relative to the appointment of Senator Clark to the United States senate by Lieut. Gov. Spriggs he spoke in very vigorous terms of what he termed "contemptible trickery." He said:
"This man Clark has been convicted by the United States senate of perjury, bribery and fraud, and it is an insult to the senate to send him back to that body. It is a disgrace, shame and humiliation upon the people of Montana, and the senate should act upon the resolutions and show him that they do not want him there, as he can take the hint in no other way."

Knights of the Royal Arch.
Hot Springs, Ark., May 17. The most important features of the second day's convention of the supreme lodge Knights of the Royal Arch was the introduction of the insurance scheme. This order is only open to men engaged in the liquor trade and no life insurance company will write policies insuring dealers in liquor. W. J. Morgan, of New York, presented a table of statistics gathered in Europe, in which it proved that the moderate drinker was credited with a longer life than the partaker of cold water only. The policy proposed includes life and accident. The supreme lodge officers, all located in Arkansas, were re-elected without opposition. An auditing and advisory committee representing 14 states were elected.

League of Municipal Building and Loan Associations.
Joplin, Mo., May 17. The State League of Local Building and Loan associations concluded its labors and adjourned yesterday afternoon. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year: R. K. Kilgan, of St. Louis, president; N. S. Goodrich, of Cameron, first vice president; Joseph P. Whyte, of St. Louis, second vice president; Leon Block, of Kansas City, third vice president; Elmer Webster, of Joplin, treasurer; C. P. Failman, of Kansas City, secretary. Resolutions were adopted endorsing the St. Louis world's fair and recommending congress to make the necessary appropriation for the same at the present session.

The A. M. E. General Conference.
Columbus, O., May 17. The report of the committee on episcopacy was the leading feature at yesterday's session of the A. M. E. general conference and it evoked the liveliest discussion of the conference. The majority report provided for the election of five additional bishops, set May 17 for the election and struck out the rule in the discipline prohibiting ministers from wearing robes. The minority report provided for four additional bishops. After the matter had been debated at length the majority report was adopted by a vote of 216 to 118.

Milliner of the Old Grand Calliope.
Denver, Colo., May 17. A special to the Times from New York says: "Upon the authority of one of the most prominent railway men of the country, it can be stated as an absolute certainty that there will be a change in the official roster of the Denver & Rio Grande company about June 1. Frederick G. Underwood, now general manager of the Baltimore & Ohio railroad, will be made general manager with headquarters in Denver.

German-American Publishing.
Chicago, May 17. The annual meeting of the German-American Publishers' association took place yesterday at the Auditorium. The meeting was attended by every German-American newspaper publisher of prominence in the country. John Kembrow, of the Westliche Post, of St. Louis, was chosen president; F. Gloednien, of the Chicago Abend Post, secretary; E. Coleman, of the Milwaukee Herald, treasurer.

The U. S. M. M.
San Francisco, May 17. The transport Logan sailed yesterday for Manila via Honolulu. Among the passengers on the Logan are a number of army officers, 11 assistant surgeons, 10 postal clerks, 21 recruits, 5 hospital men and seven contract nurses, as well as a number of civilian employees and the wives and children of officers now serving in the Philippines.

Accidentally Killed.
Muskogee, I. T., May 17.—C. L. Ogle, state agent of the Singer Sewing Machine company in Missouri, Kansas and the Indian territory, was accidentally killed by the discharge of a Winchester near Wagoner, yesterday, the load being discharged in the stomach. He died in a few hours. He was single, 35 years old and his home was at Nevada, Mo.

The Case of Brigham H. Holierls.
Salt Lake City, May 17. County Attorney Platten yesterday decided to retry Brigham H. Holierls on the charge of unlawful cohabitation Tuesday, the 21st instant. The matter was called to the attention of Judge Norrell, upon the opening of the court yesterday morning, and his honor ordered that the case be set down for the date named.

A Double Tragedy.
Kansas City, Mo., May 17. A double tragedy occurred last evening when William Vowrie shot his wife, Florence, three times and then turning his weapon to his head, killed himself. The affair occurred at a sanitarium run by Mrs. Vowrie at 110 Forest avenue, and was the result of a separation by the couple. Mrs. Vowrie may die.

MUCH TO TALK ABOUT AND ONLY A SMALL PART OF IT CAN BE SAID HERE, BUT WE WILL SAY ENOUGH TO AROUSE YOUR INTEREST.

WHITE GOODS,
EMBROIDERY AND
INSERTIONS.

India Linens,
5¢, 8¢, 10¢, 12½¢, 15¢, 18¢, 25¢, 30¢, 40¢ yd.
White Dimity, just the cloth for little ones' and ladies' thin waists,
12½¢, 15¢, 20¢, 25¢ a yard,
Check and Stripe White Goods, big line at
8¢, 10¢, 12½¢, 15¢, 19¢, 25¢ yard
White Piques, all styles of cords and fancy weaves for waists and skirts at
12½¢ to 35¢ yard

Sheer White Goods

Organdy, etc.
Allover Embroidery for yokings, waists and trimmings of every kind. Our line is immense, our assortment of styles is big. Our prices are right. We have them in Swiss and Cambric.

Our Embroideries are

for all uses,
5¢, 8¢, 10¢, 12½¢, 15¢, 20¢, 25¢, 40¢ yard.
Insertions for shirt waists and trimmings, fine line at 10¢, 12½¢, 15¢, 20¢ yard.

What are left of our

Black Crepons at $1.00.

Standard Patterns, give perfect fit and style,

5¢,

C. 8, CROOKS & CO.,
Successors to A. B. Rose & Co.

MANILA NEWS.
Military Operations Not to Be Organized.
—Willie Mullen of the Philippine.
Manila, May 25.—Gen. James M. Hell, commanding the hemp provinces of southern Luzon, has issued an order to his officers not to attempt to organize the municipal governments as prescribed by Maj. Gen. Otis, in his recent order, on account of the disturbed conditions. The Americans occupy a few coast towns, which the insurgents surround, constantly assailing the fortifications, which are too small to attempt operations in the surrounding country.
Maj. Wise, with two companies, is in Donsol, an important town of Sorsogon, surrounded by a thousand insurgents. The Americans occupy the town and are continually exchanging shots with the enemy. Several regiments are needed to control this southern province but they cannot be spared from their present station.
Another squadron of cavalry will be sent to Gen. Hell.
The first death of a white man from bubonic plague occurred yesterday. The victim was
—will arrive
—in the international conference of ministers in the charitable and penitentiary institutions.
The report of a committee which had under consideration this subject was presented by Rev. F. V. Blackmur, of the Kansas university, and chairman of the committee. The committee urges the states to work for the enactment of laws abolishing the handcuffing of these institutions, substituting, therefore, supervisory boards and removing the appointing power from the governor to the supervisory non-partisan board.
The members of the conference went to Lawrence yesterday afternoon to inspect the Haskell Indian school and it was nearly nine o'clock when the night session was called to order. The regular programme, which included the report of the committee on reformatories, was abandoned owing to the lateness of the hour. Instead T. J. Charlton, superintendent of the Plainfield, N. J. reform school, entertained the audience for an hour with a review of his life years' work in reform and industrial schools.
The seventy-fifth anniversary of the American Tract society was commemorated by a special service at the Marble collegiate church at New York last night.

Swiss, Persian Lawn,

just what you will like
$1.35 and $1.50 yard
10¢, 15¢ and 20¢ each.

The Nebraska Delegates.
Lincoln, Neb., May 22. A meeting of the Nebraska delegates to the democratic national convention will be held here Monday behind closed doors. Mr. Bryan was present and a plan of action was decided upon for Kansas City. W. D. Oldham, deputy attorney general, one of the delegates-at-large, was selected to make the speech nominating Mr. Bryan for president. W. H. Thompson, of Grand Island, was made chairman of the delegation; J. D. Dahman, national committee man, and L. L. Metcalfe, member of the committee on resolutions. Nebraska will also ask to be represented on the committee on platform.

Invited to the G. A. R. Encampment.
Washington, May 22. Albert D. Shaw, commissioner-in-chief of the G. A. R., in company with Mr. Putrick, of the G. A. R. committee on legislation, called on the president yesterday and invited him and Mrs. McKinley to attend the national encampment at Cincinnati on August 27. The president assured him that if nothing occurred to prevent he would certainly be present. Gen. Shaw also has received the acceptance of Mrs. C. S. Grant and her daughter, Mrs. Satterlee, of his invitation to be present on that occasion as the guests of the Grand Army.

Methodist Announcements.
Topeka, Kan., May 22.—C. S. Sutton, for the past ten years auditor of freight receipts of the Santa Fe in this city, has been appointed auditor of the Santa Fe lines west of Albuquerque, N. M., with headquarters in Los Angeles, Cal. His jurisdiction will extend over the Santa Fe, Southern California and San Joaquin Valley lines. Mr. W. K. Hiley, auditor of the Santa Fe Pacific and Southern California lines for the past year, will go to Chicago as assistant to General Auditor Whitehead.

So to Speak.
Chicago, May 22. Methodist bishops and ministerial delegates in attendance at the quadrennial conference at the Auditorium occupied numerous city pulpits yesterday morning and afternoon and last night. Among the most interesting addresses was one by Bishop Warren, of Colorado, at the Auditorium, which incidentally disclosed the fact that the recent action of the conference in declaring that it is not necessary that suppliants should kneel while at prayer is not so popular as was supposed at first.

The annual singerfest of the German singing societies of Kansas will be held at Topeka, Kan., on June 17. Every German society in the state will be represented.

The canker worm is destroying the young apples in Pettis county, Mo., orchards and the line prospect of a large apple crop has been blasted.