ABILENE WEEKLY REFLECTOR, ABILENE, KANSAS, APRIL 10, 1902 - TWELVE PAGES,

A BITTER RACE WAR

The Feeling Against the Negroes
at Lawton, Ok., Intense.
WHITES THREATEN TO DRIVE ALL OUT
The Governor Asked to Have Troops in
Readiness to be Sent There; Negroes
Have Left, But Some That
Have Property Refuse to Leave
Guthrie, Ok., April 7 Senator Ste-
vens wired Gov. Ferguson Saturday
that the town of Lawton, Comanche
county, was in the throes of a race
war and asked the executive to have
troops in readiness to be sent there.
When the Kiowa country was opened
to settlement a large colony of ne-
groes located at Lawton. Their num-
bers were augmented in December
by emigration agencies in Mississippi
and other southern states, who
shipped blacks to Lawton by the car
load. In the recent municipal cam-
paign the preponderance of Lawton
negroes was used as a campaign is-
sue by the democrats.
The feeling against the negroes
has been intense for weeks. It cul-
minated Saturday in several street
fights between blacks and whites.
Information which came to the gov-
ernor from Lawton said the whites
were in arms and threatened to drive
every negro out of Lawton before
sunrise this morning. Upon receiv-
ing Stevens' message, Gov. Ferguson
communicated with Col. Holtum, of
the First regiment, and Adjt. Gen.
Burlingame. Company commanders
were also notified, but no mobiliza-
tion orders have yet been issued.
The governor assured Mr. Stevens he
would have peace maintained if all
the soldiers in Oklahoma were neces-
sary to enforce it.
Yesterday, the last day set for the
negroes to remain in Lawton, passed
with no direct attacks on the colored
people, but there was an ominous
silence. Many of the negroes have
left, stating they were not able to
receive protection. A number, how-
ever, are determined to remain, as
they own property and some are in
business and it is this class that is
dividing the sentiment of the white
people of the city and vicinity. The
county officials still expect trouble
and have organized deputies as well
as possible to preserve order. One
hundred deputies have been sworn
in and an attempt will be made to
control the situation, however seri-
ous it becomes. The governor re-
ceived notice yesterday evening that
there was no change in the condi-
tions since Saturday. It is the busi-
ness element of the city that is ask-
ing protection from mobs. The gov-
ernor again stated yesterday that if
necessary he will use extreme means
to thwart any lawless action and he
has the proffered assistance of the
federal authorities also.
A DESTRUCTIVE STORM.
The M. E. Church at Prattville, Tex., Blown
from Its Foundation and Several
Other Houses Wrecked.
Paris, Tex. April 7. A special from
Prattville, Delta county, Tex., says
a destructive storm swept over that
place Saturday night between eight,
and nine o'clock. Six lives were lost,
but much property was destroyed.
The storm came from the north and
for 50 mi. it there was a perfect
flood of ruin and hail. Along the
path of the storm, which resembles
a railroad track, not a leaf or par-
ticle of fruit is left. The M. E. church
at Prattville was blown from its
foundation and a dwelling house at
Lake Creek belonging to H. N. Pierce
was lifted up and carried into an ad-
jacent field. The stores of Joe Miller
and J. M. Kynns in Pecan and a house
on Kynns' farm were blown down.
Charles Pratt's store at Pacio was
completely wrecked and the goods
scattered for miles.
STATEHOOD BILL.
A Report Made by Congressman Knox
Recommending the Passage of the
Omnibus Bill,
Washington, April 3. Advocates of
statehood legislation for Arizona,
New Mexico and Oklahoma have de-
cided to force their claims for recog-
nition on the floor of the house, with-
out regard to the position taken by
Speaker Henderson, who is opposed
to the consideration of the bill. Con-
gressman Knox, of Massachusetts,
chairman of the house committee on
territories, has presented his report,
recommending the passage of the om-
nibus bill admitting the three terri-
tories to statehood. The report is a
lengthy one, going into details upon
the qualifications of the three terri-
tories for statehood. Speaker Hen-
derson is opposed to consideration of
the bills. He has, as yet, furnished
no reason for his hostility, and the
delegates from Oklahoma, New Mex-
ico and Arizona have been very ma-
terially disconcerted by his attitude.
A Store Safe Dynamited.
Trespass Hill, Mo., April 5. Hartzler
Bros.' store was broken into by
burglars early Friday morning. The
safe was blown open with nitro-
glycerine after flour had been piled
round to deaden the sound. The
robbers got $53 in cash and several
checks.
Lodge to Meet at Jefferson City.
Jefferson City, Mo., April 8. The
state grand commander, Knights
Templars, will convene in this city
April 13, and the state grand chap-
ter, Royal Arch Masons, will be in session
April 23 and 24. There are 100 lodges
and 113 chap-

THROWN OFF THE TRACK.

The Grand Trunk Passenger Train Meets with an Accident at Millatts, Mich., and One
Man is Killed.
Lansing, Mich., April 7. While
the Grand Trunk passenger train
was passing through Millatts, a tank
station seven miles west of here,
early yesterday the rear coach and
Pullman sleeper were thrown off the
track. One person, Abraham Burn-
stine, of Chicago, was killed and five
were injured. The wreck occurred
at a switch on which a freight train
was standing. The first seven cars of
the train crossed the switch safely,
but as the last coach was passing
over the switch points the trucks
caught in such a way as to throw
it and the Pullman car following off
the track and over on to the engine
of the freight train. The two cars
and the engine were thrown into
the ditch. It is said that the switch
had been tampered with. The engi-
neer and fireman of the freight en-
gine were examining the engine as
two cars crashed into it and they
had narrow escapes. The passenger
train was running at high speed
when the accident occurred. The in-
jured were taken into Detroit, where
all were reported as doing well yes-
terday evening. Burnstine's body
was taken to Charlotte.
A NEGRO LYNCHED.
Masked Men Took James Carter from the
Jail at Amherst, Va., and Hanged
Him to a Tree.
Lynchburg, Va., April 7. James
Carter, a young negro, who shot and
seriously wounded Don Thomas near
New Glasgow, in Amherst county,
Thursday night, was taken from jail
at Amherst courthouse Saturday
night just before midnight and
lynched. A party of men, estimated
at 200 and supposed to have come
from the neighborhood of Cliffords,
seven miles away, where Mr. Thomas
lives, rode into Amherst late Saturday
night. All were masked or had their
faces blackened. When Jailer Jones
left the jail for his home several
members of the lynching party made
him surrender the keys.
The men secured Carter, took him
a half mile north of the village,
hanged him to a tree and fired 30
bullets into his body. The shooting
of Thomas by Carter was the result
of an accusation said to have been
made by the former that Carter had
set an outhouse on fire. He had been
sent to jail to await the action of the
grand jury.
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
The Gould and Clark Interests Have Arranged to Have a Continuous Line from
the Atlantic to California.
Los Angeles, Cal., April 7. Los
Angeles will be the Pacific terminal
of the Gould railway system.
The Gould and Clark interests have

combined. Senator W. A. Clark has (polled servant fashion, went on with
joined with George J. Gould in the. her distilling, and I let the subject rest,
building of a road from Pittsburgh to ( My attention being thus drawn to
the Atlantic seaboard and Mr. Gould them, I found myself looking out occa-
has become interested in the San sionally from the windows on that
Pedro, Los Angeles & Salt Lake road, side, noticing the house and its in-
These arrangements will give the mates, and sure enough I never did see
Gould system a continuous line of the two old people at the same time,
roads across the continent, begin- Regularly as clockwork, every other
ning with the Salt Lake, then the day I would see the old man, then
Denver & Rio Grande Western and the the next day the old woman, but never
Denver & Rio Grande to Denver; the both together. Just as if they took
Missouri Pacific to St. Louis; the turns in keeping guard over every
Wabash to Pittsburgh and the West thing. They were an odd-looking cou-
Virginia Central, with projected ex- ple.

A PECULIAR CASE.
Through No Legal Technicality Thomas
Potter, of Carthage, Has Been Left
with Two Wives.
Joplin, Mo., April 7. One of the

most peculiar cases ever in Jasper
county courts is that of Thomas Pot-
ter, of Carthage, who legally has two
wives and cannot be charged with a
criminal offense. Several years ago
Potter left a wife and family at
Connellsville, Pa., and came west, lo-
cating at Carthage. Suit for divorce
was brought and secured and he mar-
ried again in sole a week the
Pennsylvania wife learning of the
second marriage, began legal pro-
ceedings in the circuit court. A legal
technicality was discovered. Judge
Perkins set aside the decree of di-
vorce, leaving Potter with two wives,

yet he is not charged with bigamy.
The second wife lives in Oklahoma.
HAVE A DESTRUCTIVE STORM.
Three Men Killed, Seven Wounded and

Three Houses Burned Here on a Negro Who Refused to Surrender, Oppn
Tuskegee, Ala., April 7. Three tor
men are dead, three more slightly
wounded and four seriously wounded
at the result of Sheriff Gassaway at-
tempting yesterday to arrest Will
Keinolds, a desperate negro. All the
casualties, except the death of
Keinolds himself, are the result of
the deadly fire of Keinolds with a
45-caliber Winchester. Coal oil was
procured and after four hours of
hard work the houses adjoining that
in which the negro was located were
fired. About eight o'clock the house
in which the negro was located was
fired by the Wheeler rifles, who had
arrived on the scene. The negro
took refuge in a shed and opened fire,
but the people and some militia
men riddled the negro and the crowd,
numbering 1,000, grabbed the body
and threw it in the burning building.
Three houses were burned in the ef-
fort to reach the negro. Several
horses were killed in the battle. M
Topeka, Kan., April 7. Topeka was
yesterday chosen as the place for the
socialist state convention to meet on
June 11.

THE DIAL'S SHADOW.
Co, Cupid: Mr. to her I lore.
That roars fall and youth is fleeting,
I watch the dial's shadow move,
And wait and wait to hear her greeting.
For youth is sunshine on the dial,
And love is but an old, old itch;
The years may dance with lute and Tl ot

its shadow more so ends their glorl
Go, Cupid; beckon with your wing.
That sweetest dance may waft Del
hither;
For we must woo, romping, for how fast the ruics full and wither.
And oft the dial long awi,
The pavement sink with my edges.
Saw Youth and love meet all aglow.
And whisper by the old yew hedges.
Oo, Cupid, tell the maid I prize,
now man? In the courtyard wandered,
What lingering lip and witching eyes,
In love's night their beauty aquandcred!
The ruff, brocade, and high-heeled shoes,
How softly down the path they pattered
With gallant guy in old world hues,
When crowns and kingdoms little mat-
tered. Go, Cupid, sleep; your cheek is pale:
And we can woo among the rills;
Tomorrow is but a weary tale
Monotonous from all the age.
a a
My heart! She comes from yonder door;
And time and all windows lift forever:
Why, there was never youth before.
And love like ours. oh. never-never!
-New York Tribune.
SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION
Some ten years since I occupied a
house that had a small garden entirely
surrounding it. The architect who
planned it evidently believed in high
rooms as necessary for our climate as
each story was fully twenty feet from
door to ceiling; consequently I could
look down from the second story of my
house into the yards and rooms of my
neighbors on either side without any
difficulty, and, in fact, could not well
avoid it. The house on the right hand,
a queer, old-fashioned affair after
standing vacant a long time was at
length taken by an odd-looking old
man, whom I saw going over it one
day, and the next day it was occupied.
Not being of a Paul Pry disposition, I
paid little attention to my new neigh-
bors; only found them quiet. The old
house had scarce more noise about it
than when vacant, and I congratulated
myself that some man, with half a
dozen boisterous, romping children,
had not taken it.
But one day the old family servant
remarked: "Miss Jeanette, there's
something odd 'bout them folks what's
done moved next door, shore, there is,
honey; they's only got a scrumpled up
old nigger for a servant, and she's all a
hump behind, and looks like old Satan
for shore; you never see the old man
and the old woman at the same time; the
day you see the old man you don't see
the old woman, and the day you see the
old woman the old man ain't round, and
they don't go out any no what', only that
old scarecrow goes the errands."
"Now, mammy," said I to her, "you
just let our neighbors alone; they are
decent enough people, no doubt, and
you need not spend your time looking
into their offices; you have enough
to do to look after your own."
Old mammy shook her head, and,
mumbling her words after a pelted and
pig-hanky, pale, and yet puffy and
bloated; and as for the old negress, she
was truly a daughter of Eblis, if looks
count for anything in rendering charac-
ter. One night just about 11, the old ne-
gress came rapping at the back gate
and asked for me. Old mammy, who
had often said: "Oat old nigger next
door is no good to (1)ttll was really
,,,, of ),,, ut, said: My mistress
Jug, 'bout gwng to bod. yo can't
see her tonight," but the old
negress ,,,,, ,,or , come and ask me
, to come , for a few
minutes. I put on my shawl
and went with her. The old
negress took my hand and
led me through the garden
and into the house. I found the old lady lying on a low,
narrow lounge in one of the lower
rooms. Her husband was not present.
She did not seem to notice my en-
trance, but, lying back with eyes wide

THE IMPORTED SHIRE

WILL MAKE THE SEASON OF 1902 AS FOLLOWS: Be at his home stable Mondays, at J. S. Engle's
farm 2 miles east of Abilene on Enterprise Road; leave Tuesday morning for the Enterprise livery barn for noon;
from there to J. Porter's for night; leave Porter's Wednesday morning for and be at
Rickerman's for night; leave Rickerman's Thursday morning for and be at E. S.
Engle's farm, 1 mile east of his home place where he will remain until Saturday morning; will be at E. S. Thayer's
livery barn, Abilene, for Saturday.
Marshall II, 5818 (18191) is a fine bay shire horse, weighing nearly 2,000 pounds. He has good bone and
action. Foaled 1898, imported November, 1900, by Geo. E. Brown, Aurora, Ill.; sire Rokeby Hubert (H828), dam
Whitefoot (30455) by Cropwell Wonder (4983); Dam Beauty (Vol. 21 p. 912); Rokeby Hubert (14828) by Harold
(3703); dam Mettle Vol. 15; Harold (3703) by Lincoln Shire Lad II (1865), dam by Champion (419) by Reppindon's
Champion; dam by Conqueror (529); Cropwell Wonder (4983) by Premier (2646); dam Smith's Violet (Vol, 3rd) by
Waxworth (2306); Premier (2646) by What's Wanted (2332): dam Star Vol. 2 by Drayman (640). The above pedi

gree shows remarkably line breeding,

TERMS $15 to insure a mare in foal. Parties having mares losing the dial will be expected to pay half of
insurance fee and can breed the next season at half price. Parties disposing of mares before they are known to be
in foal will be held responsible for the insurance. Care will be taken to prevent accidents but will not be respon

sible should any occur.

E. S. & J.
OTTO FOSTER, Groom.

allocked at such a tale of horror, I still
strove to help the hapless woman,
"Get some warm water for a foot
bath and we will undress her and get
her into bed, and then you go into my
house and tell mammy to send one of
the servants for Dr. Arnault to come at
once."
With the old negress' help I gave her
a bath, undressed her, and laid her up
on the lounge; we could not get her up
stairs to her bedroom; the low, pitiful
moan being all the sound that came
from her lips, and on her face seemed
indelibly fixed a look of horror that
fascinated me.
I could not keep my eyes off of her
as I sat there alone with her. While
gazing on her I fancied I saw a faint
smoke issuing from her mouth and
nostrils, and, as I leaned forward,
thinking fancy was playing me false,
a pale, blue, lambent flame came creep
ing from the mouth and played over
her face and in a moment it seemed to
gather over her whole body, the ears,
the eyes, the hands, from the tips of
her fingers shot little flames, the whole
body was covered with the fiendish
thing; the poor woman writhed in tor
ture indescribable, and an odor that
was filthy in taste and smell filled the
room. I could not move. I was utter
ly paralyzed with terror, and when the
doctor and the old negress entered my
room I was in a dead faint.
They told me afterward that she nev
er spoke, the doctor could not relieve
her, nor arrest the flame; water poured
upon it increased it, and when the
flame died away there was nothing left
but the burnt and charred body that
crumbled beneath the touch like so
much cinder; and yet, strange to say,
the bed on which she lay was not in
jured by fire, but covered with a
greasy soot that you could scarce wash
off. New York News.
Sir Walter Scott.
The Hon. Mrs. George Edgcumbe,
who has just died at Florence, was the
daughter of Sir John Shelley of Mares-
field Park, and nearly related to those
other Sussex Shelleys of whom the
poet was one, says the Westminster
Gazette. She was the heroine of that
touching little scene commemorated by
Sir Walter himself in his "Diary" for
May, 1828:
The London season was at its height,
and Sir Walter was enjoying his full
share of what he calls its "busy idleness." He had breakfasted-early, as
was his wont-with that "good fellow"
Richardson, had given Chantrey an
other sitting for his bust, and had gone
to a second breakfast in Chester
square, as the guest of Lady Shelley.
In the brilliant company assembled to
meet her a young lady, the daughter
of his hostess, asked him if she might
have a lock of his hair. "Too good
natured to refuse," he allowed Miss
Shelley to possess herself of the "thin
white" keepsake, and gave her the kiss
for which he had previously stipula-
ted. Mrs. Edgcumbe would on occasions
recall a visit she paid with her father,
Sir John Shelley, in the '20s to Abbots
ford. One morning, when, after break
fast, Sir Walter had retired to his desk

to add a chapter or two to "The Talis
man," Sir John appeared, radiant
from the Tweed, whence he had land
ed a magnificent salmon. At once Sir
Walter rose, "The Talisman," quite
forgotten in what seemed the far more
important task of weighing the salmon,
for which the whole party (Miss Shel
ley being one) descended to the kitch
en. Sir Walter adjusting the scales and
dotting the weight with a dignified
solemnity the young lady never forgot.
Equally characteristic and memorable
were her recollections of the delightful
evenings at Abbotsford, when the
great poet and romancer would un
bend in the simplest fashion, illustrat
ing shrewd remark with apt, pictur
esque anecdote.
On the morning of the departure of
the Shelleys Sir Walter conducted his
young friend into the library, and, af
ter some invaluable hints as to reading,
in which history and romance had
each their proper part assigned them,
he took down a translation of "Ivan
hoe" into Italian, and, having inscribed
her name in the book, presented it to
her. This she always kept, as a re
membrance of the conversation that
led up to the gift; and it was her
pleasure and delight in after years to
watch the influence of the mighty au
thor on contemporary literature.
Soldier, Life-Saver and Fire-Eater.
General Charles H. T. Collins, who
risked his life in New York in rescu
ing two women from a burning build
ing, has shown his courage before and
in many ways. He served in the civil
war and came out with the rank of
brigadier general of volunteers. When
Mayor Strong's 'reform administration
of New York city went into office
General Collins was made commissioner
of public works. After Van Wyck
was inaugurated as mayor he made
the insinuation that General Collins had
been grossly negligent of his duty.
In reply he got a letter from the
doughty old general stating that if
such insinuations were again cast up
on his character he should hold the
man who made them personally re
sponsible. For fear that the mayor
might not understand his first note,
he sent a second, in which he made it
plain that he meant to chastise Van
Wyck if the offense was repeated.
His action as a volunteer life-saver is
quite in line with his previous career.
Too Many Kinds of Americans.
It is time the United States elimin
ated the German-Americans, the Irish-Americans,
Italian-Americans, etc.
It is impossible for an individual to be
loyal to two governments at the same
time. Let them retain their nationality or drop it when they take the oath
of allegiance to Uncle Sam.-Two Re
publics, Mexico.
A Sad Case of Suicide.
Kansas City, Mo., April 5. Because
he could not get work and contribute
his share to the support of his wid
owed mother, John R. Cason, an 18-year-old
boy, hanged himself in
a vacant barn at 2114 Woodland avenue.
The seventy-second annual confer
ence of the Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter Day Saints convened in the
tabernacle at Salt Lake City yesterday.

STALLION,

UU(2)j
S. ENGLE.
Officials Confirm Reports of Destitution in Zapata County, Tex.
THE NECESSITIES OF LIFE WANTED.
Planting Time Has Passed and There Is
No Hope of a Crop Again This Year
In the Drought-Stricken
Section.
Laredo, Tex., April 8. Letters were
received yesterday from County Clerk
Peter Vails, Sheriff and Tax Col-
lector Lozano and County Judge
Spohn, of Zapata county, in response
to inquiries as to the condition of
affairs in that section and they con
firm the reports of the destitute con
dition of the people.
County Clerk Vails in his letter
says: "I cannot in words picture the
misery, privations and suffering af
flicting our drought-stricken coun
ty. To say some families have one
scant meal a day is expressing it
mildly; while I cannot state posi
tively that any people have actually
died of starvation, still I can say in
all truth, and all the residents here
will bear me out, that many have
died that were sick who could have
been easily saved if nourishment had
been at hand. In San Ignacio and
other places the children have that
pallid look, that listless walk and
blank stare which clearly shows that
hunger is at hand. We ask that the
governor or a representative of char
itable people be sent here to investi
gate. All we ask for is corn, beans,
lard, coffee and sugar. Planting
time has passed and there is no hope
of a crop again this year. The people
who actually require and must have
aid cannot be less than 1,200."
Sheriff and Tax Collector Lozano
confirms Mr. Vails' statements and
says that many cattlemen have lost
the greater part of their cattle and
stock and many have not a single an-
imal left.
County Judge Spohn certifies to
the terrible condition of the people
of Zapata county as stated in Mr.
Vails' letter and asks that relief be
furnished immediately. Judge Spohn
says all that the people of Zapata
ask for are the necessaries of life,
such as corn and beans.
To Interest Kansas in World's Fair.
Topeka, Kan., April 7. The Kansas
world's fair commissioners will meet
at Iola this week and begin their
tour of Kansas. They propose to
visit the oil, coal, lead and zinc fields
of the southeast, the wheat fields of
the central part of the state, the
stock ranches of the west, the salt
plants and gypsum beds of the cen
tral west, the orchards of the north
east, the corn fields of the northern
part and the manufacturing plants
of eastern Kansas, with a view of get
ting all classes interested in the mat
ter of making a creditable exhibit for
Kansas at the fair.