I TIMELY TOPICS

To Un Hung Chang: Lillian Russell will get you if you don't watch out.
This country is exporting elevators to England, which is surely a good way to give John Bull a lift.
It is a pity that the civilized pillagers can't be suppressed as easily as the uncivilized pillagers were.
With sixty new warships on the ways, England's proceedings cannot be regarded as ways of pleasantness by France.
Mexico, as well as the United States, has the biggest cotton crop on record. All of which is baleful in a double sense for the cotton growers.
George Vanderbilt's palace in North Carolina has cost him $10,000,000 and is called Biltmore. Perhaps George wishes he had built less.
There is no reason why Uncle Sam should not secure a little action on his murdered missionaries. China has considerable territory left.
The unforgivable thing about it is that you no sooner learn how to pronounce the names of the French ministers than there is a brand-new batch.
The pugilist thinks football is brutal, while the football player thinks prize fighting is brutal—and the public comes pretty near to agreeing with both of them.

Brigham Roberts asserts in an interview that two-thirds of our Congressmen are in fact polygamists. Will Mr. Roberts kindly give us the names of the other third?
An Eastern exchange anxiously inquires, "Was the war a complete failure?" It was. We have this information straight from El Nacional, of Madrid, Spain.

Why not keep our naval and military surgeons in constant practice during intervals of national peace? There is the baseball field for them in summer and the football field in winter.
A Connecticut woman sewed fish hooks into her pocket before going to a county fair, and the first thief who attempted to get her purse was caught "red-handed." Connecticut is still in the lead for ingenuity.
You would have to go twenty times as far to find cases of horse cruelty today as you would ten years ago, asserts the President of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. May we go farther and find less.
In Bridgeport, Conn., the girls have organized a movement to freeze out young gentlemen callers who monopolize their time without proposing marriage. Social life for a young man who doesn't want to get married in that town must be a sort of continuous performance in which he soon plays the role of the Wandering Jew.
It has been noted that all Presidential candidates whose surnames ended with the letter "n," running on a ticket with a candidate for Vice President whose surname likewise ended with "n," were elected, to wit: Jefferson and Clinton, Madison and Clinton, Jackson and Calhoun, Jackson and Van Buren, Van Buren and Johnson, Lincoln and Hamlin, Lincoln and Johnson, Harrison and Morton.
A good illustration of the necessity of a public sentiment thoroughly aroused in favor of the enforcement of judicious laws is seen in the annual occurrence of destructive forest fires in the timbered regions of the Northwest. Stringent fire laws have been enacted, and there are five State forestry organizations, but forest fires as devastating as ever occur whenever droughts prepare the material. For destructiveness the fires of the past summer rank with the notable ones of former years.
It cannot be long before there will be established in the United States schools for such specialized studies as will fit young men for commercial employment in foreign countries. The expanding field of American foreign trade will create a steadily increasing demand for trained men to represent our manufacturers abroad and will offer splendid opportunities for this class of men. Germany has found the plan of specialized commercial education of great value. It has played a very important part in the extension of her trade. Unquestionably the United States would find it equally valuable.

The heir to the throne of Belgium, recently traveling through our Western States in a private car, said to his host: "Last year I was the guest of the Czar. When I took my walk it was between two lines of soldiers, who, I feared, might shoot me by mistake. It was not so pleasant as this, and the rating was not so good." Having thus disposed of the greatest of democracies and the greatest of absolute monarchies, he made a second comparison: "When you come to my country you will send me your card? What can I do? You can see all my country in a day."

The latest report of the United States Commissioner of Education, Dr. W. T. Harris, brings down the statistics to June 30, 1897. At that date there were enrolled in public institutions, or preparatory and colleges of all grades supported by taxation, 14,742,077 pupils; in private and parochial institutions 1,613,016 more; a grand total of 18,265,083. There was a slight falling off in the patronage of private schools, probably caused by the "hard times." Since 1870 the enrollment in public schools has nearly doubled; there has been increasing liberality of expenditure along all lines, with a steadily advancing standard of instruction, administration and humanization of discipline. Of normal schools for the training of teachers, the States support 166, and 200 others are maintained by tuition fees or donations. More than three-fourths of the school population is found outside of large cities and towns, but the shorter school year is partly compensated by rural industrial opportunities. Of course the statistics represent all degrees of excellence and defect; but the movement is upward and the outlook hopeful.

One of the arts in conducting a political campaign is for the candidate to say all the good things he modestly can about himself and his side of the case without unduly criticizing his opponent. In recent years there has been a distinct gain in American politics in decency, though there is still room for improvement. A candidate who can present the facts from his standpoint in a clear, forcible manner, who knows his case is not so desperate as to call for the aid of mud-slinging, is far more apt to command the attention of the public than the loudmouthed bawler, who makes use of epithets that would be out of place in the family circle. The gentleman in politics on the stump is not an ideal man. He is in many places a reality, and the methods he pursues are becoming more common. It is fair and just to discuss all political issues, which are those in which all the people are concerned, fearlessly and truthfully. If men are found to be corrupt, it is proper to expose their practices to the people, but the speaker can do this without sinking to the level of those who are worse than he is. An honorable candidate would not properly represent the people whose suffrages he is asking for if he did not expose the enemies of the people. The American people like to see a clean, square, fearless, standup fight in politics. The man who loses such a fight cannot suffer by defeat: the candidate who wins by dishonorable methods is robbed, in the estimate the best people make of him, of all the real fruits of victory.

There are at least a dozen claimants for European thrones who have never enjoyed the rights of sovereignty. Don Carlos asserts that, as the last of the Bourbons, he is heir to the thrones of Spain and France. The Duc d'Orléans considers himself King of France, and there is a Bonapartist claimant also. The Duke of Cumberland is known as King of Hanover, and the Princess Louis of Bavaria is sometimes saluted as the last of the Stuarts, and the rightful heiress to the English throne. The Duke of Braganza is a pretender to the throne of Portugal. There are six other wandering heirs to lost European crowns. These claimants have never been in possession of the strongholds of power. The Empress Eugenie is dying in exile, after seeing the pomp and glory of empire pass away from her. She is now in her seventy-third year, and resides at Farnborough, in one of the southern counties of England. She is rich, and owns a country house and estate which cost her about a quarter of a million dollars. She lives quietly, and entertains few people who are not relatives. The most distinguished among her guests during recent years have been the German Emperor and Queen Victoria's daughter, Princess Henry of Battenberg. The Empress was once famous for her beauty and the elegance of her manners. She is now aged and feeble, a victim to rheumatism, with a deeply lined face, a bent figure and sunken eyes. Yet even in her old age there are traces of that stately grace and dignity of carriage which once enabled her to set the fashions for an empire and the world. For fifty-five years have passed since her marriage with Napoleon III in Paris, with splendid pomp. For seventeen years she was the greatest lady on the Continent. For twenty-eight years she has been an exile in England, making occasional journeys to Spain, and passing through Paris a few times. Her longest pilgrimage was to Zululand, in South Africa, where her only son was killed in the English service. The Empress' misfortunes have been borne with English fortitude and pluck. She has lived in retirement, and made no complaint because the fortunes of empire have gone heavily against her; but simple and unaffected as is her life, she has not lost the gesture of command nor her Spanish elegance of manner.

"AGONY POINT."

The Strangest Curve on Any Railroad in the World.

The strangest railroad curve in the world is found on the Darjeeling-Himalayan Railway in India. The railroad itself is unique, as it runs far up into the mountains, its terminus being situated on a giddy eminence 8,000 feet above the level of the plains. To reach this height many twists and bends are necessary and in descending the trains swing around curves in a hair-raising manner. The sharpest curve is at "Agony Point," where the train almost describes a circle in its own length. One of the most striking features of a journey up the Darjeeling-Himalayan Railway is the sharp transition from the burning heat of the plains to the cold air and the snow of this great height.

Impurities About the Home

The careless disposal of the slops and debris about the home is one of the most ruinous practices in housekeeping by the farmer and his family. Impurities about the home bring disease by filling the air with microbes or disease germs. All impurities should be emptied in a keg or a barrel that doesn't leak, and wheeled away and poured on the grass, and not in the same place twice. The barrel or keg should be cleansed weekly with carbolic acid and lime. Cleanliness is next to Godliness. It is next to healthfulness, too. The premises about the house cannot be kept too clean and free of slops, etc. Vermin breed diseases very rapidly and with awful effect. Keep the home and all the appurtenances thereof clean and pure, and keep clean yourself.—Practical Farmer.

Model Millinery
—AND—
Dressmaking Parlors,
TRIMMED
HATS
A Specialty.
Call and get our prices.
First Street, opp. Court House, Ritzville.
HARRIS & SON
Livery,
Feed and
Sale Stables.
Finest Turnouts in the City.
Tanner's Trade a Specialty.
Dr. F. R. Burroughs—
PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON.
Office: Second Street, between 3rd and E. Kitzville, Wash.

DR. JOHN ADAMS
Physician and Surgeon
Office: Ott Building
RITZVILLE, WASHINGTON.

C. STASER,
AWTERK AND COMMISSIONER
Commercial and Notary Work.
Specialty.
B. HOLCOMB, W. W. ZENT
HOLCOMB & ZENT
Attorneys at Law
Practice in all Courts. All kinds of Notary Work done.
RITZVILLE, WASHINGTON

Northern Pacific
RAILWAY
RUNS
Pullman Sleeping Cars,
Elegant Dining Cars,
Tourist Sleeping Cars.
TO...
Chicago, Washington,
Philadelphia, New York,
Boston, and all points
East and West.
Through tickets to Japan and China,
via the Tacoma and Northern Pacific
Steamship Co. and American Line.
Through Tickets To
St. Paul, Minneapolis, Duluth, Fargo,
Grand Forks, Crookston, Winnipeg, Helena and Butte.
TIME SCHEDULE.
No. 1. Passenger—W bound. 5:50 pm
No. 2. Passenger—E bound. 5:05 am
No. 57. Local Frg—W bound. 2:45 pm
No. 58. Local Frg—E bound. 11:00 am

For information, time cards, maps and tickets, call on or write
L. E. PASKILL, Agent,
Kitzville, Wash.
Or A. D. CHARLTON,
Ass't Gen. Pass. Agt.,
225 Morrison St.,
Portland, Oregon.

B. A. Ritchie,
BARBER...
Successor to C. E. Hershberger.
LADIES' SHAMPOOING
A Specialty.
PIONEER DRUGSTORE
Pure Drugs,
School Books, Stationery,
Toilet Articles,
Perfumery.
Special attention given to prescriptions.
H. E. GRITMAN,
Ritzville, Washington.
For First Class
Painting,
Paper Hanging,
Whitewashing,
Calcimining,
Call on —.
S. G. SCHEUERLE,
The Ritzville Painter.

Sharp Pains
Darting from one point to another, stiff and swollen joints, inflammation, interfering, and characteristics of rheumatism. All these disagreeable symptoms are cured by Hood's Sarsaparilla which purifies the blood and neutralizes the acid which is the cause of rheumatism. Why should you continue to suffer when others are being relieved of all symptoms of rheumatism by Hood's Sarsaparilla?
America's Greatest Medicine. Price, $1.
Hood's Pills cure all Liver Complaints. 25 cents.

THE CONVICTS' TREADMILL.

Punishment Inflicted Upon the Prisoners in the Rangoon Jail.

In the Central jail of Rangoon the British officials have introduced a method of making the convicts work which is a very effective mode of punishment. It is a treadmill on a large scale. Big wooden cylinders about seven feet in diameter are provided with keen-edged plank steps all around. Above the cylinders at a convenient height there is a heavy iron pole, stretching across the entire room, upon which the chains of the convicts working in the treadmill are fastened. When they are all in their places the bolt holding the cylinders in one position is removed and convicts must tread without a stop for two hours and a half. If one of them stops treading he slips down as far as the chain permits, but the plank steps beat against his shinbones so vigorously that the skin is bruised and scraped. This is exceedingly painful, and the convict hurriedly catches up the next step and tries to tread along with the others. This barbarous punishment is a necessity, however, for the natives are extremely fanatical, and death has no terrors for them. Imprisonment would be for them their favorite method of living a life of seclusion and meditation, with no care for food or lodging, were it not for the compulsory work. The large shed containing the six treadmill cylinders is situated next to the shops where the power is used in woodworking machinery. About 70 convicts are at work there at one time.

Gen. Merritt Starts Home.
Washington, Dec. 12.—General Wesley Merritt recently notified the War Department that he probably would sail from Havre by one of the French line steamers soon. No decision has been reached as to General Merritt's future command, but he probably will resume control of the Department of the East, with headquarters at New York, now temporarily held by General Shafter.

Hides the Spot Vanish.
A slight rap may cause a bruise, or a slight blow a black one, sore and tender. But it is easy to cure by the use of St. Jacob's Oil, and make the spot vanish and the soreness heal.

Los Angeles Fire.
Los Angeles, Dec. 10.—The fire in the works of the Standard Oil Company has burned itself out, the entire property consumed. The total loss is estimated at $225,000.

Nearly everybody smokes in Manila. It is a common sight, after sundown, to see a father out for a stroll with his wife and children, and everyone of them over the age of 5 years smoking a cigarette.
Coal is dearer in South Africa than in any other part of the Old World.

"Waiter's Breakfast Coffee"
Absolutely Pure,
Quite Nutritious.
"Toasts Like Mail Order Bread." Be sure that you get the Genuine Article, made at DORCHESTER, MASS., by WALTER BAKER & CO. Ltd.
Braussels 1750.

We are giving
25 per cent.
Reduction
On all...
Men's Overcoats
Everybody should avail themselves of this opportunity.
Here's what 15 per cent. reduction means:
Men's Overcoats $8.00, now $6.00
Men's Overcoats $10.00, now $7.50
Men's Overcoats $12.00, now $9.00
Men's Overcoats $15.00, now $12.25
Mail Orders promptly and carefully attended to. State size and price in ordering.
Chicago
Clothing Co.,
SPOKANE...

BRYAN TO QUIT SOLDIERING.

Will Run His Commission as Colonel of the Third Nebraska.

Savannah, Ga., Dec. 12.—Colonel W. J. Bryan, colonel of the Third Nebraska regiment, has either forwarded his resignation to Washington or is about to do so. Of this there seems to be no doubt. Today he called on General Lee, commander of the Seventh corps, of which Colonel Bryan's regiment is a part, and is understood to have announced his intention of quitting the service. General Lee is to sail for Cuba on the transport Panama tomorrow, and Colonel Bryan is believed to have hastened his decision in order that he may acquaint his corps commander with his intention prior to Lee's departure for the island. Neither of the commanding generals would discuss the matter and referred to Colonel Bryan as the proper source to get any news.
Colonel Bryan would neither deny nor confirm the rumor, but stated that when the time came he would prepare a written statement and give it to the press, so that there would be no possibility of any misstatement as to his intention.

SETTLED ALL THEY COULD.
Spain Refuses a Coalmining Station in the Caroline Islands, as Well as Paris, Dec. 9.—The treaty is finished. The Spaniards have declined to grant most of the requests of the United States which were unsettled at the beginning of the session. They refused a coaling station in the Carolines. Judge Day said yesterday: "We have settled all points on which we can agree. It only remains to engross and sign the treaty. This will be done in two or three days."
A Russian Flood.
St. Petersburg, Dec. 10.—The river Neva suddenly rose nine feet Thursday night, inundating the lower quarters of the city. Great loss of life has been reported. The flood is now subsiding.

DEAFNESS CANNOT BE CURED
By local applications, as they cannot reach the diseased portion of the ear. There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutional remedies. Deafness is caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube. When this tube sets inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, and when it is entirely closed deafness is the result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tube restored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever; nine cases out of ten are caused by catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Deafness (caused by catarrh) that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.
P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggists, 76c.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.

There are two great walls in China.
One, which is 40 feet thick and 60 feet high, surrounds Peking. It is 16 miles in circumference. The other—the great wall of China—is nearly 1300 miles long, and was built 2115 years ago.

TRY ALLEN'S FOOT-EASE,
A powder to be shaken into the shoes.
At this season your feet feel swollen, nervous and uncomfortable. If you have smarting feet or tight shoes, try Allen's Foot-Ease. It rests and comforts; makes walking easy. Cures swollen and sweating feet, blisters and callous spots. Relieves corns and bunions of all pain and is a certain cure for Chilblains, Sweating, damp or frostbitten feet. We have over thirty thousand testimonials. Try it today. Sold by all druggists and shoe stores for 25c. Trial package FREE. Address, Allen S. Olmsted, Le Roy, N. Y.

A good deal of excitement has been caused among English milk sellers by the news that a large syndicate has been formed in London for the importation of French milk on a large scale.

Will Get Down to 11.
It is certainly true that as deeply embedded as the sciatic nerve is, St. Jacob's Oil will get down to it and cure it. It is a proof of how penetrating and efficacious are its wonderful curative powers.

The greatest bay on the face of the earth is that of Bengal. Measured in a straight line from the two inclosing peninsulas, its extent is about 420,000 square miles.

To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All druggists refund money if it fails to cure. Me

An enterprising firm of cycle manufacturers in Paris are perfecting what they term a gas-bicycle.

When coming to San Francisco stay at the Brooklyn Hotel. 808-212 Bush St. American or European plan. Room and board $1.00 to $1.60 per day; rooms 50 cents to $1.00 per day; single meals 26 cents. Free coach. Chas. Montgomery.

Berlin is one of the most cosmopolitan of European cities. Only 37 per cent of its inhabitants are Germans by birth.

No household is complete without a bottle of the famous Jease Moore Whiskey. It is a pure and wholesome stimulant recommended by all physicians.

Don't neglect this necessity.

The public debt of France is the latest in the world, and amounts to about 1,600,000,000 pounds sterling.

Pills Permanently Cure Hoarseness after first cure. Send for VICK'S 50c. trial bottle and treatise. Dr. B. B. KUHN & Co., 1302 Arch Street, Philadelphia, Pa.

The largest building is the Coliseum at Rome, 615 feet in greatest diameter and 120 feet high.

Piso's Cure for Consumption is the only cough medicine used in my house.—D. C. Albright, Mifflinburg, Pa. Dec. 1, '85.

The government of India has decided to join the scheme of imperial penny postage.

Try Schilling's Best Tea and Baking Powder
A letter travels from Khartoum to London in 17 days.

Before long a party of Roman Catholic nuns will be settled at Timbuctoo.

Schilling's
Best
Money-back tea and
baking powder at
Your Grocers

GENUINE IS BEST

DIED IN WASHINGTON CITY

The Famous Cuban Patriot, Who Has Fought For the Cause of Cubans for the Last Thirty Years, Has Passed Away—The Funeral Arrangements.

Washington, Dec. 13.—General Calixto Garcia, the distinguished Cuban warrior and leader, and the head of the commission elected by the Cuban assembly to visit this country, died Sunday morning shortly after 10 o'clock at the Hotel Raleigh, where the commission has its headquarters. The sudden change from the warm climate of Cuba, with the hardships he had there endured, to the wintry weather of New York, was responsible for the pneumonia which resulted in his demise. He contracted a slight cold in New York which did not assume an alarming stage until the early part of last week. On Tuesday night General Garcia, in company with the other members of the commission, attended a dinner given in his honor by General Miles, and it was exposure there that caused the disease which culminated in his death.

The Funeral.
Washington, Dec. 13.—The funeral of General Garcia will be held Wednesday at St. Patrick's church, this city. The body will be placed in a metallic casket and deposited in a vault at Arlington pending removal to Cuba.
The Dolphin will be designated by the navy department as the vessel to carry the remains to Cuba. She is now lying at the Washington navy yards.

MILES EXPLAINS HIS BILL
Head of the Army Before the House Military Committee.

Washington, Dec. 13.—General Miles appeared yesterday before the House committee on military affairs for a hearing relative to the proposed reorganization and increase of the army.
Two bills for this purpose are pending—one drawn by Miles and introduced in the Senate as the Hawley bill, and another introduced in the House by Chairman Hull of the military committee.
It is necessary now to consider both our military requirements at home, those in the new colonial possessions and also those raised by the increasing demand for our seacoast fortifications, says Miles. When the entire increase in coast defense is completed 365 batteries would be required. These considerations, said Miles, had led him to recommend a standard of one soldier for one thousand of the population at home, with native troops on the basis of two native soldiers for every 1000 of the population.

EIGHTS IN SAMOA MAINTAINED

Our Government Not a Party to Any Scheme of Germany's.

Washington, Dec. 13.—The United States government is not aware that any arrangement has been made for transfer of the title of the Samoan islands to Germany, and being one of the parties to the tripartite agreement under which Samoa is now governed, it is not conceivable that any change in the status of the islands can be made without the knowledge of this government.
The publication intimating Germany has acquired sole rights in the Samoan group is recognized as a diplomatic feeler. The importance of the islands as a port of call for American shipping promising to become very great in the event of the opening of an isthmian canal, the government of the United States will not consent to relinquish any of its rights.
The German ambassador, Von Holleben, called at the State Department today and had an interview with Mr. Hay.

Presidential Appointments.
Washington, Dec. 13.—The President today sent the following nominations to the Senate: War—Regular army, cavalry arm: Captains to be majors, Charles A. P. Hatfield, J. H. Kerr, J. H. Dorst, George S. Anderson; first lieutenants to be captains, Leslie W. Cornish, T. R. Rivere, John A. Lockwood, Henry T. Allen. Also a number of second lieutenants to be first lieutenants of infantry and several appointments from eastern states to the medical department.

Labor Convention.
Kansas City, Mo., Dec. 12.—The thirteenth annual convention of the American Federation of Labor met this morning. About 150 delegates from all parts of the country were present, also William Thorne and William Inskip of London representing the British trades union congress.
Delegate Inskip's mission is to present plans for a closer alliance between the United States and the mother country along industrial as well as political lines.

Counterfeiters at Work.
Memphis, Tenn., Dec. 13.—A smooth gang of counterfeiters are at work in the Mississippi valley. The counterfeit is of the standard silver dollar and all which have so far been discovered bear the date of 1890. It is believed something like 200,000 of them have gained circulation.

Building Trades Council.
Kansas City, Mo., Dec. 13.—The second annual convention of the National Building Trades Council began in this city this morning. All parts of the country are represented. The convention will be in session about four days.

Admiral McCler is Ill.
New York, Dec. 13.—Admiral Scheley, who is living with his family at the Hotel Kensington, has been seized with a slight attack of la grippe.

Mr. Cotter estimates the hop crop of 1898, which is being marketed through Puyallup dealers, at 4,000 bales. At the present prices this represents a boot of $126,000. The fruit crop of 1898, including that which is consumed by growers, measured by selling prices, will aggregate $130,000, and will exceed rather than fall below that figure.

During the year ended June 30, 1898, Missouri produced 2,838,152 tons of coal, an increase over the preceding year of 17 per cent. During the same time it produced 139,608 tons of iron and 73,667 tons of lead.

Feel the Influence.
Cold and heat alike aggravate neuralgia, because the nerves feel the cold and heat acutely, but nerves are sensitive to treatment and feel the influence of St. Jacob's Oil, which cures the ailment promptly.

RATTLERS AND THE WEATHER

California Theory: They Will Not Bite When There Is a Drought.

Seldom has it happened that a rattlesnake bite has been sufficient to destroy the reputation of a weather prophet. Rattlesnake Jack Morgan is known from one end of Mojave desert to the other. An eccentric sort of man, he likes to visit the haunts of snakes, and often pitches camp for the night in places which gila monsters and rattlers have long pre-empted. Just before the recent election he rounded himself up in Merced and began talking of his adventures. It takes two drinks to get Morgan's eloquence started. The number of drinks that will bring him to a full stop has never been ascertained, although the health and fortunes of the entire San Joaquin valley would willingly be gambled away to find out.
"There is going to be a dry winter," he began. "There won't be enough rain this season to give the wheat any sort of a start; 'twill be worse than it was last year, which was a proper corker. How do I know? Why, I found that out by the rattlesnakes. They know, you bet. When there is a dry winter coming the rattlers, at least in California, cannot be coaxed to bite. I've watched 'em 25 years now, and I know what I am talking about. The snakes will not bite, and that means we will have a winter as dry as a bone."
None of his circle of listeners betrayed any desire either to test the accuracy of his observations in natural history or to question his meteorological deductions from the facts observed. He occupied an impregnable position, and for a variety of reasons, for some time; and the matter was considered of sufficient interest to cause the publication in San Joaquin valley papers of the statement that snakes will not bite this year, and also the interpretation put upon the sign by the snake hunters.
Since then the barometer and the local weather forecasts have been watched with a degree of attention calculated to awaken the approval of the United States weather bureau. No one has been bitten by a snake in the valley since the prediction was first made, and this has brought into contempt the doubters who have regularly been saturating their systems with alcohol in the fear that they might be bitten and be taken unawares.

The Merchants' Association of New York at a meeting determined to begin a crusade to compel the express companies to pay the war stamp tax.

The State Department is informed that the exports from Germany to the United States during the quarter ending September 30 amounted to $19,789,007, an increase of $5,110,003 over the previous year.

Without any warning, the Spokane Falls & Northern last week increased the rate on oats from Spokane to Bossburg 10 cents per 100 lbs., making the rate now 25 cents per 100 lbs., said B. F. Shields, a local grain dealer, yesterday. Continuing he said: "The old rate was altogether too high. The new rate is almost prohibitive."

John Grady, an employee of the Baldwin hotel at San Francisco, has died from heart failure, the result of fright during the recent fire.

A LIVING WITNESS.
Mrs. Hoffman Describes How She Wrote to Mrs. Pinkham for Advice, and Is Now Well.

Dear Mrs. Pinkham—Before using your Vegetable Compound I was a great sufferer. "I have been sick for months, was troubled with severe pain in both sides of abdomen, tore feeling in upper part of bowels also suffered headache, and could not sleep. I wrote you a letter describing my case and asking your advice. You told me just what to do. I followed your directions, and cannot praise your medicine enough for what it has done for me. Many thanks to you for your advice. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has cured me, and I will recommend it to my friends."—Mrs. Florenbach, 512 Roland St., Canton, O.

The condition described by Mrs. Hoffman will appeal to many women, yet lots of sick women struggle on with their daily tasks disregarding the urgent warnings until overtaken by actual collapse.

The present Mrs. Pinkham's experience in treating female ills is unparalleled. For years she worked side by side with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and for sometimes past has had sole charge of the correspondence department of her great business, treating by letter as many as a hundred thousand ailing women during a single year.

CURE YOURSELF!
Use Biff's for natural laudanum in discharge, inflammation, or ulcerations of the uterus, or if you have new growths.
25 Pills, 50 cents. 50 Pills, 75 cents. 100 Pills, $1.25. 200 Pills, $2.25. 500 Pills, $5.50. 1000 Pills, $10.00. 2000 Pills, $19.00. 5000 Pills, $45.00. 10,000 Pills, $85.00.
Circular sent on request.
BUY THE GENUINE
SYRUP OF FIGS
EASILY DIGESTED
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
YORK, PA.
LIVE HONEY
Pure, K.T., and K.M., will do the work. Use will prove let better. Get it from your druggist or wholesale drug houses, at
from Busswort & Holme, Beau la.

Corrected text: