Wbo In Need 0!....
LUMBER,
LATH,
BRICKS,
MOULDING,
POSTS,
WOOD
OR
COAL,
LIME,
HAIR,
CEMENT,
PAPER,
SASH,
DOORS,
GLASS,
White River Lumber Company.
OUR PRICES ARE RIGHT.

A Full Line of the Piano Mfg. Co.'s
Harvesting Machinery
and Extras ♦♦♦
The Jones Lever Binder has been in the lead since its introduction and is
now further ahead than ever.
G. W. BASSETT, Agent. Washtucna, Wash.

Northern Pacific
Land Office...
Lands of Northern Pacific Railway Co. for sale. Applications taken.
Payments forwarded, and other land business transacted.
Office at the Adams County Bank.
J. D. BASSETT, Land Examiner,

ADAMS COUNTY BANK,
RITZVILLE, WASHINGTON.
Money Loaned on Real, Personal and Chattel Security.
Drafts on all points in the United States
and Europe. n»

The Farmers' Barn, -Esses
H. M. WILLUMSEN, W. C. MOORE, Prop.
Horses for Sale or Trade.
Corner First and E Sts. Telephone Connection.
New and Fashionable Rigs Furnished. Charges Reasonable.
Careful and Experienced Drivers.

Messrs. Faucher & Co.
Grocery Stands
Are open at the old stand on Main
street, Ritzville, prepared to do Painting, Papering, Kalsomining and all work
in this line of business. Work done in first class manner and satisfaction guaranteed. Save your orders for us.

The
RAILWAY
RUNS
Pullman Sleeping Cars,
Elegant Dining Cars,
Tourist Sleeping Cars.
To...
Chicago, Washington,
Philadelphia, New York,
Boston, and all points
East and West.
Through tickets to Japan and China,
via the Tacoma and Northern Pacific
Steamship Co. and American line.
Through Tickets To
St. Paul, Minneapolis, Duluth, Fargo,
Grand Forks, Crookston, Winnipeg, Helena and Butte.
TIME SCHEDULE.
No. 1. Passenger—W bound.. 9:30 a.m.
No. 2. Passenger—E bound.. 7:15 a.m.
No. 3. Passenger—W bound.. 1:07 a.m.
No. 4. Passenger—E bound.. 8:40 p.m.
No. 57. Local Frg—W bound.. 12:05 p.m.
No. 58. Local Frg—E bound.. 12:10 p.m.
For information, time cards, maps and
tickets, call on or write
L. E. PASKILL, Agent,
Ritzville, Wash.
Or A. D. CHARLTON,
Ass't Gen. Pass. Agt.,
225 Morrison St.,
Portland, Oregon.

OB* |r|«« to *1L Tar-ma reasonable. Write or
writ* *• t* w*n «r walla that you wlahad drlll-
M. R. COCHRAN,
% ftlUTiU*. WmIU

E. D. GILSON,
Real Estate *
Insurance,
Collections and Conveyancing.
Abstractor and Notary Public.
General Land Agency,
First Insurance written in the best companies in the world.
Office in Adams County Bank Building,
RITZVILLE, WASHINGTON.
Put Your Money in a Home...
It's the best savings bank on the earth
The cashier will never run off with it—it
will never "go out of business." You've
got it right under your thumb—no one can
take it away from you. There it is—a
shelter in the time of storm. You'll have
a place to sleep if you don't have anything to
eat—and surely that's better than
having no place to sleep and nothing to
eat. It is always something on which you
can realize ready money.

O. R. HOLCOMB,
Attorney and
Counselor at Law.
Will practice in all the U. S. Courts
and Departments and all Washington
Courts. Office opp. the Court House,
Ritzville.

Staxr & Staler,
LAWYERS,
Will practice in all Courts. Bankruptcy
matters a specialty.
Ritzville, Washington.
Walter Staser—
Abstracter —
Work Promptly and Accurately Done
J. S. EDWARDS,
Draying—and—Conveyancing.
Orders left at Hants' Ur«r «taM» will
receive prompt attention.

F. AND A. M.—Ritzville Lodge F. & A.
M. No. 101, meets in regular communication
on the second and fourth Saturdays
in each month at 7:30 p.m. All brethren
cordially invited to be present.
W. OF P.—Friendly Queen Lodge No. 8
of Pythias meets Wednesday
afternoon of each week in the Pythian Castle.
Willing brothers are invited to attend.
IVANHOE CO. NO. 5. UNIFORM
RANK, KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.—Meets
every fourth Wednesday evening in each
month in Castle hall after adjournment
of subordinate lodge. Regular drill Friday
evenings at 7 p.m.
O. O. F. meets every Thursday night at 8
o'clock, in the Greene block. A cordial
invitation and a fraternal welcome is
extended to sojourning brothers.
ZENOBIA LODGE NO. 10, D. of F.,
I. O. O. F.—Meets every first and third
Thursdays in each month at 8 p.m. in
Greene's hall. Rebekahs in good standing
always welcome.
O. A. R.—W. B. Haten Post, No. 40,
meets first and third Saturdays of each
month at Greene's hall.
L. O. T. M.—Meets second and fourth
Tuesday evenings in each month at
Greene's hall. Visiting lady Maccabees
will be cordially welcomed.
K. O. T. M.—Defiance Tent No. 14.
Knights of the Maccabees, meet first and
third Saturday evenings at 7:30 sharp. All
visiting Sir Knights welcome.
W. OF W.—Ritzville Camp No. 463,
meets first and third Tuesdays of each
month. All neighbors in good standing
are invited to visit the camp.
M. W. A.—Ritzville Camp No. 6695,
meets second and fourth Fridays of each
month. All Modern Woodmen are requested
to attend.
TOMANOWASH TRIBE NO. 89, I. O. R.
M.—Meets the first sun of every seven
suns at Greene's hall at the seventh run
and thirtieth breath. All visiting Redmen
welcome.
RITZVILLE ASSEMBLY NO. 181.
UNITED ARTISANS.—Meets first and
third Friday evenings in each month at
8 p.m. Visiting members always welcome.
RITZVILLE UNION NO. 14, O. OF W.—
Meets every second and fourth Monday
evenings in each month at Greene's hall.
All members invited to attend. Visitors
welcome.
ZENITH CHAPTER NO. 55, ORDER
OF EASTERN STAR.—Regular communications held first and third Monday evenings in each month at Greene and Son's
hall. Visiting members cordially invited
and always welcome.

CHURCH DIRECTORY.
B. P. WORTH LEAGUE.—Devotional services every Sabbath at 6:30 p.m., at the
M. E. church.
CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.
Preaching every Sunday at 11 a.m. and
7:30 p.m. Sabbath school at 12 o'clock
m. Y. P. S. C. E., 6:30 p.m.
GERMAN EVANGELICAL CHURCH.
Services every other Sunday in each
month at 10:30 a.m. Sunday school every
Sunday at 9:30 a.m. All German-speaking
people invited.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
Preaching service every Lord's day, morning and evening. Sunday school every
Sabbath at 10 a.m. Mid-week prayer
meeting every Thursday evening. Choir
practice after prayer meeting. All are
invited. Griffith's Corners—Preaching
services every second and fourth Sunday
at 5 p.m. Willis—Preaching every first
and third Sunday at 3 p.m.
GERMAN CONGREGATIONAL.
Preaching every Sunday at 11 a.m. and 8
p.m. Sunday school at 10 a.m. Prayer
meeting every Wednesday at 8 p.m. All
German-speaking people are cordially invited
to attend. Others are welcome.
POSTOFFICE.
Open on weekdays from 8 a.m. to 8
p.m. Sundays mails open one hour, from
9 to 10 a.m. Money order department
closes at 7 p.m.

John Lafreni, J. H. Cusick.
LaFrenz & Cusick,
Butchers to
JOHN BOWE & SON,
Wholesale and retail
BUTCHERS,
Fresh Meats, Poultry, Fish, Butter and Lard always for sale.
Cash Paid for
Poultry,
Game and
Hides.
A first class Butcher Shop with
Fresh Meats at low prices.
Your patronage very kindly solicited.

Irby & Benward,
Well Drillers.
They have the necessary experience,
facilities for sinking your well as quickly
and cheaply as anyone.
Our past work is our reputation, our
future work means our success. Call or
write us at residence, Ritzville, Wash.

C. O. SUMMERS,
Successor to
J. M. KAUFFMAN.
All kinds of Transferring, Moving and
Delivering, reasonably Carefully and
promptly attended to. Moving buildings a specialty. Get my prices.
W. W. ZENT,
LAWYER.
Real Estate and Insurance. Office in
the Court House. Ritzville, Wash.
Surety Co. Bonds Furnished.
For First Class
Painting, Paper Hanging,
Whitewashing, Kalsomining
Call on
S. A. SCHUERLE.
The Ritzville Painter.
W. R. CUNNINGHAM, JR.,
Real Estate,
and Loan
Broker.
All business promptly attended to.

THE HEALTH OF YOUNG WOMEN

Two of Them Helped by Mrs. Pinkham
—Read their Letters.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: —I am sixteen
years old and am troubled with my
monthly sickness. It is very irregular,
occurring only once in two or three
months, and also very painful. I also
suffer with cramps and once in a while
pain strikes me in the heart and I have
drowsy headaches. If there is anything
you can do for me, I will gladly follow

your advice."
— Miss Mary
Gomes, Aptos,
Cal., July 31,
1898.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I
After receiving your letter
I began the
use of your remedies, taking both
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and Blood Purifier. I am now
regular every month and suffer no pain.
Your medicine is the best that any suffering
girl can take."—Miss Mary
Gomes, Aptos, Cal., July 6, 1899.
Nervous and Dizzy
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham, I wish to
express my thanks to you for the great
benefit I have received from the use of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I suffered constantly from terrible
sideache, had chills, was nervous
and dizzy. I had tried different kinds
of medicine but they all failed entirely.
After taking three bottles of Vegetable
Compound and three of Blood Purifier I
am all right. I cannot thank you enough
for what your remedies have done for
me."—Miss Matilda Jensen, Box 18,
Ogdensburg, Wis., June 10, 1899.

Trade Report.
Bradstreet's report of last week's
business says: While trade is still
of only mid-summer volume, the beginning of improvement in demands is
apparently becoming visible. The improvement is still one of tone, rather
than of demand, but with a yield of
540,000,000 bushels of wheat, a next
to record-breaking yield of corn and a
large production of oats, the western
crop situation contains many encouraging features. The Southern cotton
crop has undoubtedly suffered, and conditions are unprecedentedly low for
this season of the year, but the acreage planted was a leading one and
prices are so much higher that a satisfactory financial return is confidently
looked for. In addition railroad earnings point to the maintenance of the
business of the country at a volume in
excess of last year.
The effort of the big iron and steel
concerns to control prices, if really
made, has proven abortive, and another wholesale slashing of quotations is
to be reported this week. The production, however, is falling off, and
prices of furnace stocks, though considerable, would seem small if renewed activity occurred. It is hard to
see how lower prices can be expected,
and it is said that present quotations
are attracting some business, particularly at Chicago.
The industrial situation is rather
better as a result of agreements upon
wages by a number of iron and steel
manufacturing concerns and their employees. Lower prices for lumber are
apparently inducing more activity in
building, though how much is due to
this or how much to the settlement of
labor disturbances is hard to measure.
Wheat (including flour) shipments
for the week aggregate 2,829,910 bushels
against 3,018,832 last week, and
3,263,155 bushels in the same week of
last year. From July 1 to date this
season wheat exports were 5,848,742
bushels, against 7,022,788 bushels last
season, and 5,639,469 bushels in 1898-99
Business failures in the United
States for the week number 221, as
compared with 146 last week, 174 in
this week a year ago, 238 in 1898, 241
in 1897 and 255 in 1896. Business
failures in the Dominion of Canada
for the week number 22, as compared
with 25 of last week, 27 in this week a
year ago, 28 in 1898, 33 in 1897 and 33
in 1896.

CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
If a man apologized to company for
his wife's cooking half as much as she
does herself, she would go home to her
mother.

Allen's Foot-Ease,
A powder to be shaken into the shoes. At
this season your feet feel swollen, nervous
and hot, and get tired easily. If you have
smarting feet or tight shoes, try Allen's
Foot-Ease. It cools the feet and makes
walking easy. Cures ingrowing nails,
swollen and sweating feet, blisters and
callous spots. Relieves corns and bunions
of all pain and gives rest and comfort. We
have 30,000 testimonials. Try it today.
Sold by all druggists and shoe dealers for
5c. Trial package FREE. Address Allen
& Olmstead, LeRoy, N. Y.

No man knows what it means to
succeed with a woman till he has failed
with one.

HOITT'S SCHOOLS
Menlo Park, San Mateo County, Cal.!
with its new buildings, newly furnished
and complete laboratories, beautiful surroundings and home influences, is one of
the best equipped schools for the training
of boys and young men on the coast. It
is in charge of Dr. Ira G. Hoitt and is also
accredited at the universities. Send for catalog, Tenth year begins August 6, 1900.
Governor General of Australia.
London, July 16.—It is announced the
queen has approved the selection of the
earl of Hopetoun as governor general of
the Australian commonwealth.
Not a Violent Purge.
The day of the calomel-ball pill is past. Sweet,
fragrant, mild, but effective Cathartic
tablets take their place. All 10c,
25c. 50c.
Mothers will find Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup
the best remedy to use for their
children during the teething period.
A woman can conceal her age, but
when a man plays golf he has got to
show his legs.

GENUINE NEWS

BRIEFLY TOLD IN NOTES.

An Interesting Collection of Items
From the Four Northwest States
of a Miscellaneous Nature Gathered the Past Week.
Washington.
The State Bankers' Association will
meet next year at Spokane.
The aggregate deposits in five Spokane
banks is over $5,000,000.
Andrew Miller, 21 years of age, was
drowned in Walla Walla river at Lowden,
last week.
The school teachers of Whitman
county will hold mid-summer institute
at Pullman Aug. 1 to 7.
100 men are wanted in
Ritzville badly to assist in harvesting
the immense wheat crop of Adams
county.
Horses on an average are 20 per cent
higher than they were one year ago.
was the recent statement of a prominent
horse dealer of Spokane.
The State Red Cross has given $10
to the fund being raised for the relief
of Nils Hilsen, the Washington volunteer, who is dying in St. Paul.
Spokane County Commissioner P.
Campbell was killed by being crushed
by a train on the crossing at Latah.
He was attempting to drive across the
track. Death was instantaneous.
The business failures of this year as
compiled by Bradstreet's, show that
Washington's record is more than
three times better than the average
states of the union.
The Reardan mill of the Washington
Grain & Milling company, owned
by Spokane men, is shut down for a
short time pending the installation of
some new machinery.

The Reardan Exchange bank has recently forwarded to the Central India
Relief committee at New York the sum
of $26. They will continue to receive
and forward subscriptions.
Fire has destroyed the sawmill of
the Buckeye Lumber company, 17
miles north of Spokane, at the crossing
of the Spokane Falls & Northern and
Little Spokane river. By hard work
the planing mill and 1,000,000 feet of
lumber in the yards were saved. The
loss is about $30,000, on which there
was only $5,000 insurance. The mill
will be rebuilt.
The 4-year-old son of John Greif, of
Walla Walla, was run over by a stacker
while playing in the street. The
heavy wheels of the stacker passed over
the stomach of the lad, and how he
escaped instant death is a wonder.
The little fellow is doing nicely, with
strong chances of recovery.
George D. Brown of Tekoa, has just
completed harvesting his wheat crop
of 100 acres. It is of the Arcadian variety, and this is the first time that it
has been experimented with in this
section of the country. The heads are
well filled with large kernels, and Mr.
Brown is confident that it will make a
greater yield to the acre than the varieties usually sown.
The fruit shipments from North
Yakima are growing larger every day,
and soon a special car will be necessary for loading before time for the regular trains to reach the depot. The
crop is unusually large, and all varieties of peaches, apples, pears and berries are exceptionally fine.
Spokane Odd Fellows spent one day
last week at Loon Lake on their Annual
Picnic. The occasion drew 800
city residents to the shores of the pretty body of water at the north. Moonlight rides and dancing were the features.
The hop situation is very satisfactory at North Yakima and sales are being made rapidly. Several contracts
for future growing have been made
with dealers at 10 cents per pound.
Among the recent contracts are those
of George A. Bosdet for 24,000 pounds
for this year, and a similar amount for
the next, two years; Timothy Lynch
has contracted 20,000 pounds at 10
cents, and probably 100,000 pounds
additional have been sold at this price
by Coffin Bros., Charles Kinne, J. L.
Morrison and others.

IDAHO.
The Northern Pacific Hospital at Oro
Fino has been closed.
Thomas Birch, one of the pioneer and
leading citizens of Wilford, is dead.
The receipts for the past fiscal year at
the Lewiston postoffice were $10,330.
W. F. Kiltenbach has been chosen manager of the Lewiston Athletic association
ball club.
The Vollmer flouring mill is running
day and night. Duthie & Carlin
are building a large cold storage warehouse 33x80 feet.
Lieutenant I. M. Busby of Wardner,
who was an officer of the First Idaho
volunteers, has offered to raise a company of 120 men for service in China.
The governor has been informed that
the government has approved the bill of $1,850.48 for transportation of volunteers to Boise at the time of the mobilization of
the Idaho regiment.
The mystery surrounding the disappearance of Agnes and Meta Monlken
this has been cleared up by the presence of the girls at Valley City, N. D.
and the capture there of Gust Johnson, who had abducted them.
Harrison, on Lake Coeur d'Alene,
Idaho, is having quite a boom. Two
large manufacturing industries, a
mammoth sawmill and a large planing
mill, box and sash and door factory, are to be erected there in the immediate future.
July 11th was miners' union day, formerly a greater day than the Fourth
of July in the Coeur d'Alenes, but this
year it passed unnoticed. There was
no demonstration of any kind at Wallace, nor at any other point in the
Coeur d'Alenes, so far as heard from.
Dr. O. A. Dorsey, curator of the
anthropology of the Field museum, Chicago,
has been at Spalding and vicinity looking
up and collecting Indian relics and curios
and studying the modes of living of the
reservation Indians. He secured many
interesting articles of Indian manufacture.
Harvesting is in progress in the vicinity of Troy, and timber cutting in
the timbered sections has been underway. The crop, both as to
quantity and quality, is far above
the average. Fall wheat will yield 30
bushels to the acre; oats and barley
are 40 bushels to the acre.

Spring wheat, while still presenting a
fair appearance, needs rain. Blades
on much of the spring wheat are turning yellow, the cause of which is causing considerable discussion, some attributing it to rust and others to
insects.

MONTANA.

The Missoula land office has been
granted a new clerk, who will be chosen by the civil service commission.
From reports received at Missoula and
from what has already been seen, the
potato bug is playing havoc with vines in
that portion of the state.
Work is being pushed on the Livingston-Big Timber extension of the Rocky
Mountain and Bell Telephone company.
The line will be run via Hunter's Hot
Springs and follow the county road on
the north side of the river.
So far as heard from all of the practical mining men from Montana who went
to Nome have formed a poor opinion of
the country as a mining proposition.
Old timers who have good memories
say this year is a counterpart of that
of 1870. In that year there was an extremely dry summer, the ranges burning
up. In the fall there were heavy rains,
the winter was mild and the cattle in
the spring were rolling fat.
The secretary of the interior has
appointed J. B. McIntire, of Kalispel,
Montana; Jas. H. McNeeley, of Evansville, Ind., and J. H. Hoyt, of Beatrice,
Nebraska, commissioners to deal with
the Crow, Flathead and other Indians
under the act of June 6, 1900.
The jury at Butte in the case of Edgar
Marshall, charged with the murder
of Mrs. Georgia Creech, brought in a
verdict of acquittal. The verdict has
aroused general indignation, for the
killing was the result of trying to kill
the husband of the dead woman.
Superintendent J. B. Collins, of the forest reserves, has received authority from
the secretary of the interior to receive
applications for permits to graze sheep
on the Lewis and Clark reserve. The
permits will be limited to 75,000 head of
sheep and no permits will be issued on
any reserve except the one mentioned.
Frank Bateman, an old resident of
Butte and bailiff of the United States
Court, was accidentally killed last week
while driving on Montana street. A
runaway team collided with the team
he was driving and knocked him out
on the ground. He sustained a fracture of the skull and died within three
hours.

Apparently there is no excuse for any
man to remain idle who is willing to
work. Laborers are in great demand, and
there is an especial scarcity of ranch
hands to handle the hay crop. The haying
season in the Big Hole basin is now in
progress, and unless more men are secured
the ranch owners will not be able to handle all of this year's crop.
Some days ago the Anaconda
Company, through its local representative
Mr. Dudley, gave its answer to the committee of the Miners union to the application for the adoption of eight hour
shifts for underground men. The answer stated that the company regretted
that it could not grant the request, and
it declined to accede thereto. That
insistence on a demand for the proposed change would compel the company
to close the mines and smelters.

OREGON.
Good reports come from Milton regarding the fruit crops. One half the
Walla Walla river valley is within
Umatilla county, and is one solid fruit
belt. Throughout this entire region
the fruit of all varieties is first-class in
quality and the yield is unusually large
Wheat is coming to some warehouses
notably in the east end, near and at
Milton, where threshing has been in
progress for the past few weeks. Although no figures are given indicating
what the yield per acre is to be this
fall, the quality in every instance is
said to be straight No. 1. All the samples brought to Pendleton from the
threshers are of No. 1 grain. One
field of barley has been all threshed
and the yield was 30 bushels to the
acre, the quality being No. 1.
In the territory to the northwest of
Pendleton, where in ordinary years the
wheat and barley crops are not depended on to turn out very large, this season the yield runs from 20 to 30 bushels to the acre. Elsewhere in the
county the yield is expected to be not
so large as in some former years, but
will be good, however, and the quality
excellent. Every farmer in Umatilla
county will be at harvest by next Monday and most of them have already cut
some grain.
The explosion of a boiler at the De
Force Oil Works recently, resulted in
the death of Jack Shaw and the fatal
injury of Engineer James Moore.
Chris. R. Rentz, another employee who
was in a boat moored to the factory
dock, is missing, and is believed to
have been blown from his boat by the
concussion and drowned. The accident is said to have been due to a
defective boiler. The factory was totally destroyed. Moore came here
from San Francisco, and was formerly
a locomotive engineer. Almost at the
same time as the explosion Mr. De
Force's handsome residence, over three
miles distant on the shore, caught fire
and burned to the ground.

Every fear takes something from
life.

PILES
"I suffered the tortures of the protruding piles brought on by constipation with which I was afflicted for twenty
years. I tried from your CASCARETS in the
word of Newell, La., and never found anything
so equal them. To-day I am entirely free of
piles and feel like a new man." ,
Q. H. Kibler, 1411 Jones St., Shreveport, La.
M CANDY
M W CATMARTIO
CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
S—it— «—»—>, Btruts, Iw Tut. |g
10-TO-BAC

Army of Forty Thousand.
"Washington, July 16—Plans are under
consideration by the secretary of war which
contemplate keeping a military force of
40,000 soldiers in the Philippines for some
time after the withdrawal of the volunteer troops that will have to be mustered
out of the service by the first of July, 1901.
It is estimated that it will require this
number of men to properly police the
Philippines, as there is no intention of relinquishing control in any part of the
islands. General MacArthur has frequently recommended holding all the
island garrisons and persistent policing of
the territory occupied. General MacArthur has asked for more cavalry, but this
the war department is unable to give him,
and arrangements have been made to provide him with sufficient horses to mount
at least two infantry regiments. Orders
have already been issued for the shipment
of 350 cavalry horses to Manila, to be
distributed to cavalry regiments and to
be used in mounting infantry.
Suicide of a Boise Man.
Seattle, July 16.—E. A. West, formerly
of Boise, Idaho, committed suicide this
evening in a hotel. He came here a few
days ago and frequently complained of
ill health, but gave no hint of intended
self-destruction. Papers found among his
effects indicate he was formerly in the
saloon business. He was a member of the
Elks lodge of Roseburg, Ore.
Destructive Cloudburst.
Galveston, Tex., July 17. —Tremendous
rains are reported along the San Angelo
branch of the Gulf, Colorado & Santa Fe
railroad. A cloudburst wiped out the
town of Coleman and 12 people are reported drowned. All the streams are raging.
Two Trains Collided.
Stockton, Cal., July 17.—An eastbound
Santa Fe passenger train going 50 miles
an hour crashed into a freight train about
a mile west of Antioch at 10:30 Sunday
night. Three freight cars and the freight
train caboose were wrecked. No one was
hurt.
The Truth Problem
To a thoughtful mind is one of serious importance, for it creeps upon society before you
are aware of its existence, in this respect
much resembling the various disorders
which attack the stomach, such as constipation, indigestion and dyspepsia. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters is the one reliable
remedy for all such ailments.

First Census Bulletin.
Washington, July 10.—The census office has issued its first bulletin, giving the
population of the District of Columbia at
278,718. This is an increase since the last
report of 20.98 per cent.
Herbs of Comfort for Catarrh
That Contain Mercury.
As mercury will surely destroy the sense
of smell and completely derange the
whole system when entering it through
the mucous surfaces. Such articles should
never be used except on prescriptions
from reputable physicians, as the damage
they will do is ten-fold to the good you
can possibly derive from them. Hall's
Catarrh Cure, manufactured by P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, contains no mercury, and is taken internally, acting directly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. In buying Hall's
Catarrh Cure be sure you get the genuine.
It is taken internally, and made in Toledo,
Ohio, by P. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonials
free.
Sold by druggists; price, 75c per bottle.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
The best way for a woman to get rid
of a man she doesn't like her husband
to like is to treat him too nice.
Pleo's Cure cannot be too highly spoken of
a cough cure.—J. W. O'Brien, 322 Third
Ave., N., Minneapolis, Minn., Jan. 6, 1900.
Half the time when a man lies to his
wife, he does it because he knows he
can get up a story that will sound a little
more reasonable to her than the truth.

Warm Weather
Weakness Is Quickly Overcome.
The cooling, toning, and blood enriching
qualities of Hood's Sarsaparilla are wonderful. It strengthens the stomach and
digestive organs and creates an appetite.
It has an unequaled record of cures of scrofula, salt rheum, boils, pimples and other
diseases caused by impure blood.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. Price $1.
Prepared by C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell,
Mass.
Hood's Pills cure constipation.

A MONEY IN
... THE NEW Havered California
Oil field, the largest in the world,
offers wonderful opportunities
for legitimate speculation.
100,000 shares of the Paloma Oil Co.
are left at 15c, par value $1
Results certain. Agent wanted in
each locality. Send for full information. Paloma Oil Co. 231
Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
Wishing to make
room for
young stock, of-
fers fine pedigreed
Belgian Hares. 4 to 6 months
old, at following prices, until stock is sold out:
One buck and three does for $10.00, f.o.b. car.
$5 refunded if not
satisfied. To all orders. Book of Instruction, with
each order. Address
WESTBURY RABBITRY CO.
288 Alvarado St., Los Angeles, Cal.

W. H. STOWELL & CO.,
Assayers,
And Dealers in Assayers' Supplies,
Artificial Eyes,
Spokane, Wash.

HARD WORKING WOMEN
Can find quick and permanent relief
for serious and strength-destroying
troubles in
Moore's Revealed Remedy
Thousands have used it and thousands
now praise it. It cures permanently, 11
per bottle at your druggist's.
DR. FUBU'S PILLS
Dispel
S—it— «—»—>, Btruts, Iw Tut. |g
10-TO-BAC