VOL. I.

TREATY SIGNED AT LAST.

THE DELAY OF THE LAST DAY.

Momentous Act Was Deeply Felt by All
the Dignified Participants— Contained
Seventeen Articles in All—Signed Late
In the Afternoon.

Paris, Dec. 12.—Spain and the United
States are at peace, and the armistice
which has been in existence since the first
negotiations at Washington is made per
manent. The joint peace commission met
at 3:30 p. m. Saturday, and at 5 took a
recess until 7 p. m., to await the engross
ing of the treaty. The treaty was signed
at 8:46.
This finished, two copies were passed
around the table, the commissioners sign
ing them in the order of their rank, as fol
lows: William R. Day, Senator Cushman
K. Davis, Senator William P. Frye, Whitelaw Reid and Senator George Gray; Señor Montero Ríos, Señor Abarzuza, Señor Garnica, Señor Villavertia and General Correo y Saenz, each commission signing its opponent's treaty. Both were tied with the Spanish and American colors. When the seals were prepared to be affixed attendants were sent scurrying for ribbons of the French tri-color, with which the documents were sealed as a compliment to the French hosts of the commissions.

FLAG UNFURLED AT MARIANAO

American Troops Have Taken For
mal Possession.

Havana, Dec. 12.—The United States
flag was unfurled over the hall of Marianao at 12:30 o'clock Saturday by Colonel Young, commanding the battalion of en
gineers at Playa del Marianao. The de
tachment of engineers drawn up in the
square presented arms, and the Americans
and municipal officers present stood with
bared heads during the ceremony. A
crowd of townspeople which had gathered
greeted the raising of the flag with cries
of "Viva Americanos." The Spanish troops
withdrew on Thursday, and for two days
the Marquis de Cervera, late military com
mander of the department, was the sole
Spanish authority in the town and sur
rounding districts, which embrace 5000
persons, but perfect order was maintained
during the interim. Late last night the
Marquis de Cervera turned over the mu
nicipal government to Alcalde Gomez, and
the latter at once called upon Colonel
Young, who will be the commandant tem
porarily. A small guard is needed in the
town.
' * This was a lively day on the bourse,
with large speculative dealings for future
deliveries. As the time for American con
trol of the island approaches, shares in
various insular corporations have risen to
near par. Street railroad stocks, which
were six months ago quoted at 34, sold at
91 1/4, and today at 99, and United rail
way shares advanced 4 points to 53, while
municipal 6 per cents, issued at 90, sold
today at 102.
A committee representing the officers
and men of the guerillas and the mobilized
troops today waited upon Governor Gene
ral Castellanos and proposed that the men
represented by the committee be given
60 per cent of the pay due them before
the end of this month, offering to present
the other half to the Spanish government
for the benefit of the navy. General Cas
tellanos will forward the proposition to
Madrid.

A HINT FOR COLD WEATHER.

A Few Suggestions for
Warmer Clothing.

"Now that cold weather is beginning,"
Harper's Bazar says, "it is well to re
member that if the wrists and the ankles
are warm, the rest of the body is not likely
to suffer. Worsted wristlets have gone
out of fashion, but the muff and the long
sleeved coat serve quite as good a purpose
Few things, however, have been found to
take the place of leggings, which, if they
are of worsted, are apt to be awkward
and if they are buttoned are sure to tear
the skirts. The long-knitted tights were
found a trouble to put on when one was
in a hurry to go out. Yet to have some
thing which can be easily slipped on and
off has become a necessity. Women in the
overheated houses of the present day have
discovered that it is impossible to dress,
as their grandmothers did, in warm, un
wieldy flannels, or even in the same warm
clothes in which they must dress for the
streets. They claim, too, that if one
dresses in light clothes for the house and
in something warmer for the street the
dangers of taking cold are minimized.
The ingenious young woman of the present
day buys golf stockings without feet and
these she slips on over her cotton stock
ings when she goes out of doors. They
are snug enough not to slip and slide, and
having no hooks or catchable places about
them, answer a purpose in odd weather
which nothing else has done."
To Pass the Flaxes.
Cleveland, O., Dec. 13.—While the
steamer Aurora was towing the barge An
rsnia through a big field of ice near Bar
Point, Lake Erie, a fire broke out on the
Aurora and she had to be scuttled to pre
vent total destruction. She was the finest
wooden boat on the lakes, and was val
ued at $25,000. The life of the crew is
unknown, but it is supposed they escaped
on the ice.
Bats Rivera Betrayed.
New York, Dec. 15.—General Ruis Bi
vera, the Cuban general, recently liberated
by the Spanish from Outeiro, was a
passenger by the steamer La Champagne
which arrived today.
A cubic foot of newly fallen snow weighs
five and a half pounds, and has 12 times
the bulk of equal weight of water.
Two letters of Mary Queen of Scots
written just before her execution, cost
an English collector $2,000.

VATICAN CABINET MAY RESIGN.

Position Is Critical Since the Treaty
Will Signed.

London, Dec. 12.—A special dispatch
from Madrid says the position of the cab
inet is most critical and the resignation
of the ministry is expected since the treaty
of peace has been signed.

IDAHO.
Grangeville, Idaho, reports a brisk de
mand for dwelling houses and business lo
cations.
Kendrick is to have a bowling alley, a
Moscow man having rented a room which
is now being fitted up.
Work on the city hall at Kendrick is
well under way, and when completed will
supply a long felt want."
The Idaho state weather bureau, under
the direction of S. M. Blandford, with two
assistants, will begin operations here to
morrow. The office is fully equipped with
all of the most improved instruments.
The state board of canvassers were un
able after election to proceed with the
canvass of the vote of the state because
of the failure of Fremont county to send
in its returns.
Dan Leach, of Warren, has gone up
the river about 30 miles to Sim Willie's
place after a load of vegetables. He took
30 pack horses. The last three loads of
potatoes that were brought in sold at
$3.76 per hundred.
Messrs. Hillyer & Gibbon, recent ar
rivals from Michigan, have leased the saw
mill in Moscow from the Moscow Saw Mill
Company, and will begin operating it as
soon as they can procure logs from the
timber districts.
It is reported in Lewiston that David
Hilger has sold to William Fergus & Sons
all his sheep and personal property on his
Dog creek ranches and leased to them his
ranches and improvements for a term of
years. The sale, if consummated, will in
clude about 3300 head of sheep and con
cern about 1700 acres of patented land.
The price is said to be in the neighbor
hood of $16,000.
Grangeville, Idaho, was the scene of a
probably fatal row over the ownership of
the Big Buffalo claim in the Buffalo
Hump district. From the meager par
ticulars obtained it appears that J. Rig
ley, the discoverer and half owner of the
claim, met J. N. Rice, who claims half
of Rigley's ownership by reason of having
grubstaked him, and after a brief ex
change of words Rigley drew a revolver
and opened fire on Rice, one bullet taking
effect in his hip. After a struggle Rice
secured possession of the weapon and
with it he beat Rigley over the head
until the latter fell insensible. It is re
ported that Rigley will probably die of
his injuries.
A. W. Barber, United States surveyor,
from Washington, D. C., passed through
here recently on his way to Port Hill.
Mr. Barber's commission is to survey the
line along Boundary creek and to inves
tigate damages claimed to be done by a
dyke which is placed along the Canadian
side for the purpose of reclaiming over
flow land. Mr. Barber is authorized to
take affidavits and a series of views,
which will be sent to Washington and
placed before the joint commission of the
United States and Great Britain, now in
session at Washington, D. C. This same
question was brought to the attention of
Secretary Olney during Cleveland's ad
ministration, and the work was ordered
stopped, but again resumed by the dyk
ing company. Mr. Barber's work is to
be completed as soon as possible, in order
that the exact data may soon be placed
before the joint commission.

Farmers' Congress.
Fort Worth, Tex., Dec. 8.—The Ma
nions of the third day of the farmers' na
tional congress were cut short in order
to allow the visitors an opportunity of
inspecting the poultry and pet stock show
now in progress.
At the regular afternoon session two
addresses of interest were listened to and
discussed by the congress. One, deliv
ered by H. C. Adams, state dairy and food
commissioner of Wisconsin, discussed the
legitimacy of pure food legislation. The
second treated of the inter-dependence of
the cattle industry on the farm and ranch
and was delivered by A. P. Bush, Jr.,
president of the Cattle Raisers' Associa
tion of Texas.

News of Congress.
Washington, Dec. 10.—The house com
mittee on military affairs today began
consideration of important measures for
reorganization and increase of the army
to meet the needs arising out of the war.
Such progress was made that Chairman
Hull expected not only to report the bill
to the house before the holidays, but also
to pass it by that time.
Mr. Hull explained the plan of his
measure in so shaping the arms of the
service as to bring the effective
force up to 100,000, and led to a general
discussion. No decisions were reached
nor votes taken on any of the features
of the bill, the whole subject going over.

Racing Breakaway.
New York, Dec. —Waller, the erratic "Dutchman," is leading in the six-day bicycle race. Waller dozed for a moment about 4 o'clock yesterday morning, awoke with a start, wabbled and grabbed Frederick, who was riding by his side. Both fell, their wheels being broken. Other riders are showing effects of the prolonged strain. Frederick has quit with 937 miles to his credit.

His Own Christmas Presents.
Washington, Dec. 12. The secretary of
the treasury has recommended to the war
department that Christmas presents in
tended for officers and soldiers of the Unit
ed States army in Cuba and Puerto Rico
be admitted free of duty. An order to this
effect probably will be issued within the
next day or two.
Wool —Fine medium, 27½c per lb, me
dium, 25½c per lb.
"I Hamlet" has made more money than
any other play in the language.

RITZVILLE, WASHINGTON, DECEMBER 13, 1898.

MINES AND MINING CAMPS

METALS OF THE NORTHWEST.

Items From the Rich Fields of the Pa
cific Northwest, News From All the
Principal Mining Camps.—Personals.—
Mining Notes.
A depth of 300 feet has been attained
on the Black Tail mine at Republic, and
the ruling values of the ore at that point
range from $25 to $30 per ton in gold.
A Bossburg Property.
Twelve feet of good ore valued at $11
per ton in gold has been disclosed on the
surface of the Ben Franklin, owned by
Bossburg parties. Picked specimens from
the ledge assayed $21 per ton.
Great Northern Mine.
The Great Northern mine on Douglas
mountain is working two shifts of four
men, has reached a depth of 150 feet and
has a full face of shipping ore bearing
gold values of from $20 to $35 per ton.
The management expects to ship soon.
A New Smelter.
Jay P. Graves writes from Montreal
that the subscription to the stock of the
smelter company which he has just floated
there to build reduction works for the
Knob Hill and Old Ironsides mines in
Greenwood camp, B. C., was oversubscribed
over 1,000,000 shares. The capitalization
is to be 900,000 shares.

The Red Lion.
The Red Lion claim at Rock Cut, near
Bossburg, is developing some good ore at
a depth of 70 feet. The ore is similar to
that found in the Little Giant, but not so
high in value, yet there is enough of the
yellow metal in the undetermined width
of the vein to make the ore pay under
economical treatment.
Cottage Grove Mines.
The Black Butte mine, near Cottage
Grove, Wash., is turning out quicksilver
at the rate of $30,000 per month. The
output will average a ton a day for the
year round, and the smelter has a moun
tain of cinnabar ore to draw on. A
smelter costing $66,000 was erected dur
ing the summer and commenced opera
tions October 10th. The Black Butte
company is composed of J. Gamble, Capt.
Chilcott, J. E. Chilberg, W. Hastings and
J. Behrman.
The Zalas, in Sheridan.
The whim is now in place on the Zala
M. mine in Sheridan camp, near Repub
lic, and supplies are on hand for the win
ter. Supt. Snyder says the vein is widen
ing all the time and values improving.
The camp has other good prospects that
will be heard from in the early spring,
amongst the principal claims being the
Polar Star group, Polar Fraction, Ameri
can Flag, and Uncle Sam, all of which
have had some development, and the
spring will see them all working.
The Bonanza Mine.
All of the machinery in the Bonanza
mine, near Bossburg, has been placed and
the property is now producing from the
four levels reaching down to a depth of
nearly 600 feet all of 100 tons of shipping
ore each day. The recent fall of snow has
been of much benefit to the Bonanza mine
as the roads were so badly cut up by wag
ons that conveyance of the ore became al
most impracticable. For the next three
months the ore will be transferred on
sleds, and in the spring it is probable that
a tramway will be built from the mine to
the railway station.
Large Cash Payment.
The largest payment of cash made to
any individual of New Denver, B. C., in
many months, was $13,000 paid on the
by the company represented by J. A.
Marks of Nelson to James Merino as the
final payment for his three-eighths inter
est in the California group of claims on
Silver mountain. The first payment, of
$4,000, was made about a year ago. Mr.
Merino is also interested in the Marion,
an adjoining claim, where they have a
strong ledge, carrying from four to eight
inches of galena ore. This property is
being worked by the owners, and it is
their intention to push work throughout
the winter, opening the mine for exten
sive operations.

The B. C. is Bounder.
The famous "B. C." in the Boundary
country, between Grand Forks and Green
wood, is under option to R. G. Edwards
Leckie, of Rowland. Mr. Leckie is repre
senting in the deal the same interests that
control the Montreal Goldfields, which
owns the Coxey and is operating the Ger
trude in the Rossland camp. Clarence J.
McCuaig is understood to be one of the
principal men most interested in the negotia
tions to secure the "B. C." A. H. Harri
son and E. E. Richard, the owners of the
property, were in Bossland recently,
where negotiations were conducted. The
terms of the deal have not been stated,
but it must be a sum ranging in the hun
dreds of thousands. The "B. C." is one of
the best known properties in the Boun
dary country. It has an immense body
of copper ore, which carries small values
in gold.
A Rich Strike.
The First Shot mine, in Jefferson coun
ty, Mo., at the head of Rocker creek, is
owned and operated by County Attorney
Lyons and Sheriff Sherlock. Recently
they shipped several sacks, containing in
all 700 pounds, from the property, which
netted $1,160. They went to Butte with
a lot of samples, which they had assayed,
with the following results: twenty ounces
in gold, 1,194 ounces in silver, 65 per cent
lead, and a trace of copper; total value,
$1,146.00. They claim there is a large
amount of this ore in sight in the mine.
The lead is a wide one, and the width of
the pay streak from which the above sam
ple was taken is fully one foot. The First
Shot mine is located about three miles
north of the Eva May property.
Mates.
The final payment of $40,000 on the
$110,000 bond on the Mollie Gibson, near
Bloomington, was made a few days ago.
It is reported that a smelter proposition
for Grand Forks, in the Boundary district,
has been oversubscribed in Montreal.

The deepest vertical shaft in Montana
is the Green Mountain at Butte. It is
2100 feet, and to being driven still deeper.
Work has been resumed on the Scotia
mine on Toulou mountain. The Scotia
has 55 feet of shaft and 200 feet of tun
neling, the latter being in a full face of
shipping ore. The property now has a
good wagon road leading up to the camp.
The Last Pacific mine, near Winston,
is producing more wealth than ever be
fore. At the present time it is proposed
to construct a flume preparatory to put
ting in a 400-horse power electric plant
with which to illuminate Winston and ad
jacent town.
Dr. S. H. Manly has purchased a full
half interest in the American Flag mine
at Sheridan camp, and his friends now
consider him to be one of the solid mining
men of the reservation. The ledge is four
feet wide and its values in gold alone run
from $40 to $150 per ton.
A public meeting of the citizens of Slo
can City was held last week in the Ar
lington Hotel, to discuss the advisability
of forming an organization to further the
mining interests of the town and district.
Uething was appointed chairman, and
George Nichols secretary of the meeting.
It was moved by Mr. Gilland that an or
ganization be formed to be known as the
Slocan City Miners' Exchange, which mo
tion was carried.
There have been more men at work on
the placer mines of Libby Creek, in Mon
tana, this year and less gold taken out
than in any previous season. The cause
of this is that most of the men who were
working this year were doing develop
ment work, opening up claims in better
shape than ever before and preparing to
take out the yellow metal in increased
quantities.
The incorporated companies of the
Cripple Creek district will disburse $318,-
250 among shareholders this month which
places November in the lead in this re
spect of any month of the year. The to
tal dividends for the eleven months
reaches the big sum of $2,465,010. This
does not include the earnings of several
big properties which are either owned by
private parties or close corporations, nor
the profits of lessees.
Boston, New York and New Haven
capitalists have associated themselves
with California men in developing a new
copper district, lying about 25 miles east
of Randsburg, Cal. The deepest shaft in
the district is 153 feet, and that, as well
as nearly forty others from 30 to 40 feet
deep, show an improvement in quantity
and quality of ore as work proceeds. The
ores are red and black oxides, with a few
shafts showing green carbonates.
The new stamp mills the Treadwell and
allied companies have been erecting on
Douglas Island, Alaska, are completed
and after being tested will be turned over
to the companies by the engineers now in
charge. These mills give Douglas Island
a total of 880 stamps, with a capacity for
crushing 2,500 tons of ore daily. This
will be a greater amount of ore than is
crushed on an equal area anywhere else
in the world.
The Denver, Colo., Republican says that
the mixture for preventing fumes in min
ing powder which has been patented by
R. Crowe, of Georgetown, Colo., consists
of 60 per cent unbolted wheat flour, 25
per cent common salt finely ground, and
25 per cent pulverized bicarbonate of soda.
The eight Lake Superior producing cop
per mines in Houghton county, Mich., are
the Calumet & Hecla, Quincy, Osceola,
Tamarack, Wolverine, Centennial, Frank-
lin, and Atlantic; in these there are 9206
shareholders. The aggregate market val
ue of these eight mines is about $85,000,-
000; to date the total dividend disburse
ments amount to $73,782,000; with the
present rate of distribution about $5,500,-
000 per annum.

Labor Notes.
It is reported that the Chicago Feder
ation of Labor has decided that in the
future politics may be discussed at the
meetings.
Bakers of New York declare that on
and after July 4, 1899, they will work no
longer than ten hours a day or board
with employer.
Among the other measures to be recom
mended to congress by the Hawaiian
commission is a bill prohibiting the im
portation of contract labor.
Armour's houses in Chicago
are to be operated by electric instead of
steam power, and a great saving of labor
with increased efficiency will result.
Over 3,000 textile operatives are on
strike against a reduction of wages at
Augusta, Ga. They have been working
for starvation wages and their condition
is pitiable.
Cigar makers at Syracuse, N. Y., have
secured an injunction against a scab
manufacturer to prevent him from using
the union label, and a hot fight in the
courts is promised.
The brewers' fight in Omaha has de
veloped into a row between Federation
and non-attached unions, like the brick
layers and painters, with the former
divided against themselves. Cigar mak
ers of that city have declared in favor of
a universal label.
Massachusetts Bureau of Labor re
ports that in 1897 textile workers in that
state averaged less than $1.10 a day. In
each 84 operatives one gets $16 a week,
and five-eighths get less than $7 per
week. And still the plutocrats en
forced a 10 per cent cut this year.
Inside of a year a new automatic type
setting machine will be on the market
that will sell for $2,000. It will run by
electricity and set whole words at a
single touch. A new web press will also
be on the market soon which will print
newspapers faster than they can be
counted and is much simpler in con
struction than the presses in use.
Cigar makers at Cleveland, Ohio,
New York, Dec. 15—Major J. W. Kron
kite of the New York custom house has
been designated by Secretary Gage to act
as chief customs officer at Cleveland, Ohio.
Black, Hor Vt. Is Dm 4. I
London, Dec. 18, — The death of the
first

HOME AND FOREIGN ITEMS.

NEWS OF THE WORLD IN BRIEF.

Odds and Ends From the Four
Corners of the Earth—The After
math of the Late War—Crimes
Illustrated Notes—Accidents.

The Florida legislature is unanimously
democratic.
The Methodist general conference of
1900 is to be held in Chicago.
Troops first sent to Cuba will be com
posed largely of regulars.
Gen. Merritt expects to leave Paris for
the United States December 10.
An active volcano has just been discov
ered fifty miles from Attu City, Alaska.
Agricultural help is obtainable in Mex
ico at from 25c to 60c a day (silver), ac
cording to locality.
It is said that 70,000 soldiers will be
needed to put down the rebellion
Philippines.
Last week's snow storm in Colorado
was the severest experienced in that state
for many years.
In 1901 Detroit will celebrate the 200th
anniversary of the founding of the city
by Pere Marquette.
Marshal Blanco, former Captain General
of Cuba, and suite sailed from Havana for
Spain last Wednesday.
Gen. Butler and Capt. Mahan favor
a military system of government for
Puerto Rico and the Philippines.
Official notice of the dissolution of the
"United States of Central America" has
been received at Washington.
The cruiser Chicago, reconstructed and
capable of much greater speed than when
she was taken out of commission over two
years ago, was placed in commission at
the Brooklyn navy yard.
It is understood that the United States
of Central America, consisting of Nica
ragua, Salvador and Honduras, having
failed, another effort will be made to form
a republic, to include also Costa Rica and
Guatemala.
The war department is maturing plans
for the muster out of as many volunteers
now in service as possible, as nearly all of
them want to go home.
Germany, it is said, is ready to buy the
Caroline islands from Spain, but does not
wish to prejudice her relations with either
the United States or England.
The ship Shenandoah, which was report
ed captured by the Spaniards during the
war, has arrived from Baltimore at San
Francisco, having been out 131 days.
John Wallace, after a year's imprisonment
at Sing Sing, N. Y., under a ten
years' sentence on a charge of robbery, of
which he was innocent, has been released.
All indications lead to the conclusion
that the steamer Portland foundered in
deep water at Nine Head, Mass., and that
she was not driven ashore and beaten to
pieces, as was at first supposed.
The heavy snowfall in New York City
last week proved to be too much for the
street cleaning department, which was to
tally unable to cope with it. Many streets
were blockaded for several days.
After a litigation lasting fourteen years
the will disposing of a San Francisco es
tate once worth $75,000 has just been sus
tained and litigation suspended, because
the estate has been exhausted in paying
legal fees.
Hazing at Princeton is now officially
dead.

The transport Pennsylvania has arrived
at Manila from San Francisco.
The government has purchased at pri
vate sale the Lookout property at Chata
nooga.
The Spanish transport Forgas has sailed
from Havana for Spain with 1,600 troops.
The transport Berlin, with the First
Kentucky regiment, has arrived at New
port News.
There was held a meeting of traffic of
ficials of Western roads at Chicago Tues
day to restore freight rates.
The fire in the works of the Standard
Oil Company at Los Angeles, Cal., has
burned itself out. The loss is $250,000.
The Daughters of the American Revo
lution of Virginia have $41,000 toward
the building proposed for Washington,
D. C.
The next regiment to start for Manila
will embark at New York about New
Year's and will go through the Suez canal.
Henry Mortimer Piatt, who established
the first gold and silver refinery in the
United States, is dead at his home in New
York City.
The shortage in the wine crop of 1898
and the fairly good demand during the
past year has resulted in advancing prices
in California.
The Spanish steamer Buenos Ayres,
from Manila, has arrived at Barcelona.
Sixty deaths among the troops occurred
during the trip.
Another body was taken from the ruins
of the Baldwin Hotel fire in San Francis
co. There was nothing to identify the
corpse.
Dr. J. J. Walter, pastor of the Century
Methodist Church, of Portland, Or., has
been appointed missionary in charge of all
the Methodist work in Alaska.
The Russian minister, De Giers, has pre
sented his credentials to the Chinese em
peror at Peking. He refused to present
them to the dowager empress.
Private J. C. Moore, of the Fifth Maine
artillery, was fined $600 by a Savannah
judge for embracing the wife of a promin
ent county official of that city.
The directors of the Chicago board of
trade are urging the president to call a
special session for the enactment of legis
lation for the permanent adoption of the
gold standard.
W. P. Lynn, a brother-in-law of Presi
dent Iglesias, of Costa Rica, is under ar
rest in New York, charged with failing
to account for the profits on the Costa
Rican railroad scheme.
A coroner's jury at Detroit has return
ed a verdict declaring the architects John
Scott & Co., responsible for the collapse
of a theatre in that city November 6th,
in which two persons were killed.
Hereward Hoyt, the actor, whose name
off the stage was Dodd, Q.

expired of pulmonary congestion at his
home in San Francisco, at the age of 35
years.
Former Chief of Police John McCul
lough, of New York, leaves for Havana to
advise Gen. Greene in regard to the estab
lishment of a police force in the Cuban
capital.
Several mysterious fires and an attempt
to poison the water used by railroad sec
tion men have caused much excitement in
the little town of Delman, twenty miles
north of San Diego, Cal.
John C. Chase, the mayor-elect of Hav
erhill, Mass., is the first socialist to hold a
similar position in the United States. He
announces that he will carry out the prin
ciples of the party platform.
Willard A. Smith, of Chicago, has been
named for the position of director of the
department of transportation and civil
engineering of the United States commis
sion to the Paris exposition, by Commis
sioner General Peck.
President McKinley is in favor of open
ing negotiations with Great Britain for
the purpose of modifying the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty so as to permit the con
struction of the Nicaragua canal by the
United States.

WASHINGTON.
The State Teachers' Association will
convene in Olympia in annual session
during the holidays. December 27, 28 and
29 being the dates. This year's meeting
promises to be the most important yet
held, and it is anticipated that a large
representation will be in attendance.
What for several years has been known
as the old Wickorsham mill at Buckley
has been destroyed by fire.
Secretary Gage's recommendation in his
annual report for the appropriation of
$60,000 for the United States assay office
in Seattle is taken as a virtual assurance
that the appropriation will be made.
The Vancouver city council has decided
to ask the county representatives in the
legislature to use their best endeavors
toward securing the passage of a bill de
claring that there are no tide lands on
the Columbia, as contemplated by the
constitution of the state, above the mouth
of the Willamette.
United States District Judge Hanford
has confirmed the sale of the Union de
pot at Spokane.
The Central Washington will be extend
ed in the spring from Coulee City to Lake
side on Lake Chelan. Advices from the
scene of the proposed extension state that
the route has already been decided upon
and that preparations are being made to
start work.
About 140 pensioners regularly for
ward their claims through the county
clerk's office at Seattle each quarter.
The heavy rains this fall at Walla
Walla have gone into the ground, wetting
it to a greater depth than usual, thus
insuring good crops next year, with the
average rainfall to next July.
A number of the business men of Ritz
ville are putting in patent incandescent
lights in their places of business.
Work will begin last week on the ditch
for the flour mill to be erected in the
early spring at Chelan Falls.
The new Episcopal church building at
Chelan is now all under cover.
The new steamer California is a record
breaker for climbing the Columbia river
rapids. She left Wenatchee Friday morn
ing at 3 o'clock and arrived at Chelan
Falls at 9:30 a. m. She is also cutting
into the wheat carrying trade, taking
down 1800 sacks of wheat in two days.
The new court house is now ready for
the reception of the county records and
effects at Colville. The old court house
will be vacated with the beginning of the
coming year.
Work is progressing rapidly with the
new steel bridge at the Spokane water
works.

According to the government survey,
Ritzville is 1822 feet above sea level.
The state of Washington gave a thousand
dollars toward the contribution to
the Lafayette fund by the children.
There has been a great rush of taxpay
ers at the county treasurer's office during
the past few days at Colfax, and the re
ceipts for taxes have been quite large.
Taxes for 1897 became delinquent today,
which accounts for the rush. Most of the
taxes were paid, and there are fewer de
linquencies than usual.

Railroad Cause Discussed.
San Francisco, Dec. 13.—Francis L
Stuart and Thaddeus Merriman, who have
had charge of one of the surveying par
ties of the Nicaraguan Canal commission
since Dec. 1, 1897, have arrived here en
route to Washington.
Mr. Stuart says: "Personally, I am a
strong advocate of the Lake Nicaragua
and San Juan river route. There is an
other scheme on foot to follow out San
Juan river from Lake Nicaragua east for
50 miles to Cacafucha rapids and then cut
a ditch 102 miles long to Greytown. The
latter is an ambitious scheme and while
it would be a good route I prefer the lake
and river line.
"The people of Nicaragua want the
United States to construct the canal. I
found them particularly friendly about
the matter."

Fatal Accident.
San Francisco, Dec. 13.—W. F. Filken
burg, son of the late Ben Filkenburg
who for 24 years was Swedish and Nor
wegian consul to Quebec, was severely and
perhaps fatally injured while assisting
some laborers to move a safe. He was al
one time superintendent of the San Diego
Water Works Company, and for a time
was in the employ of the late Sen
ator Fair.

Taealr Race Draw.
Toronto, Ont., Dec. 12.—Owen Zieglei
of Philadelphia and Mattie Matthews of
New York spared a same round draw
before the Queen City Athletic club, Sat
urday night.

A mathematician has computed the
movements of a rider's feet while operat
ing a bicycle, and has demonstrated that
it requires less exertion to travel a mile
on a bicycle than to walk three.

GENERAL NEWS!

FITZ HUGH LEE FOR HAVANA

Unital Brooke Will Be the Military
Governor of Calm—He Will Re
commend Generals Lee, Wheeler and
Wood for Courts of Province.

Chicago, Dec. 10.—A special from
Washington says:
General John R. Brooke will be made
the military governor of Cuba and he
is now on his way here to consult the pre
sident in regard to the policy to be
pursued.
General Brooke wrote a letter to
a friend here in which he said he favors
General Fitzhugh Lee for governor of
the province of Havana; General Wheeler,
as governor for the province of Santa
Clara; General Snyder, as governor
of the province of Puerto Principe, and
General Wood for the province of San
tiago.
General Brooke is expected to arrive
here today and it is believed his recom
mendations in regard to the government
of the different provinces will be endor
sed by the president.

"MONTE CRISTO" NOWHERE.

He Is Parodied by Lillie of the Pmral.

The increase of wealth has been pro
digious since the time of our civil war, es
pecially in America. When I was a bi
rch one who had $100,000 to his name was
considered fairly rich, but at present peo
ple think little of a trifle like that. Even
in Europe, where fortunes are gained ma
ny times less rapidly than with us, a for
tune must now be many times larger than
the first half of the century before it be
gins to dazzle society. I suppose some
of you have read "Monte Cristo," and you
know that few things were too extravag
ant for the imagination of Alexandre
Dumas. He meant that his romantic he
ro should lead the whole world in magni
ficence, and probably thought of giving him
the biggest bank account ever heard of.
But Monte Cristo was worth only a frac
tion of what several real men now living
can show. This was not the sort of mi
stake you would have expected from Du
mas. It would have cost him only
stroke of the pen to multiply the hoards
in the Mediterranean island a hundred
times; but, although his novel was writ
ten when he was 40 years old, he could
not foresee that his fiction would be utte
rly distanced by solid facts before he died.

MONTANA.
D. A. Penry, of Choteau, has return
ed from a hunt in the mountains. He bag
ged a 600-pound elk.
K. Kennedy is in Billings from the Mus
celshell with 107 coyote skins. He has
been presented with a state bounty of
$121 for his good work.
Pensions were recently issued to Jot
W. Eden of the Bozeman valley, a ve
teran of the Mexican war; also to Mrs.
Marquia E. Knowles, a widow.
The report of the secretary of the in
terior shows that Montana has 71,607,8
scree of public land still unappropriated
and unreserved. Of this land only 1,
932,837 acres has thus far been surveyed.
Kmmet French, a lumberman employ
ed at Hammond's camp on upper Big Blac
kfoot, near Missoula, was killed while
loading logs, one of the timbers slipping
and striking him on the head, killing him
instantly.
F. W. Mettler has returned to Fort Be
ton from a hunting trip in Valley county,
in which he met with gratifying success.
His party spent about a week along
the Missouri river in the vicinity of To
Peek, and bagged 23 deer during the out
ing.
Ed Cameron, of Livingston, has filed
his official bond as public administrator
elect with County Clerk Smith. His bond
is for $8000, with the following sureties
Worthy McKee, Moses Morrison, J.
Thompson, J. W. Heffernan, J. C. Vil
lars and William Hniza.
The sheep men near Dupuyer are very
much encouraged over the prospects of
this winter. The range is in good condi
tion, the sheep are fat, the weather is
such as could be desired and everyone has
sufficient hay to carry them through
comparatively hard winter.
Rev. John B. Brondel, bishop of He
lena, delivered a memorial ovation in St
Patrick's church at Butte Sunday in ho
nor of the soldiers and sailors who fell
in battle during the late war with Spain. At
11 o'clock high mass was celebrated by
Father De Sire, assisted by Fathers Cas
lahan and Baere.
Taxes have been paid up at Kalispell
this year much more generally than usu
al, and long ahead of the day when the pe
nality attaches. By the evening of Novae
mber 30 nearly $6,000 had been paid in
as against $1900 at the same date last
year, and the number of receipts is about
200 greater.
The annual report of the commission
er of internal revenue shows that during the
last year $1,267,000 was collected in the dis
trict of Montana, which embraces Mont
ana, Utah and Idaho. Three certificates
of residence were issued to Chinamen dur
ing the year.

Cubans Ask Guarantees.
Havana, Dec. A petition purporting
to represent the sentiment of 500 Buen
lards remaining in Cuba, which is ad
dressed to the queen regent, is published
in the local papers here, asserting that
the entry of the United States has been, a
tended in Puerto Rico by acts of violent
which may be repeated in Cuba. The p
etitioners ask that the Spanish govern
ment "demand with firmness a solid and
responsible guarantee from the United
States, or make an alliance with some Eu
ropean power to insure our protection."
It is said that some of the sheep "raw
or tarns in Australia are as large as the
whole of England.