A live publication devoted to Adams county and record of the Pacific northwest. Circulates among prosperous people who patronize advertisers.

$1.50 PER ANNUM.

ADAMS COUNTY NEWS
Offices: News Block, C street between Main and Railroad avenue, opposite First National Bank. Telephone No. 183.

PROFESSIONAL,
DR. PASCAL W. YEARSLEY,
DENTIST
Room 3, Pioneer State Bank Building
RITZVILLE, WASH.
Gas Vapor Administered.
Graduate of Medico-Chirurgical College, Philadelphia, Pa. Crown and bridge work. Filling, extracting and plate work conforming to the practice of modern dentistry.
Walter Staser,
LAWYER
Insurance. Attracting Money to Loan on Real Estate.
C. W. RATHBUN,
Attorney at Law.
General practitioner in all courts State and Federal. Collections and insurance. Examination of titles.
Office, rooms 6 and 7 Gritman Building.
W. W. Zent, E. Lovell.
ZENT & LOVELL,
LAWYERS.
Insurance, Notary Public, Money to Loan on real estate. Office upstairs. First Nat'l. Bank,
Ritzville, Wash.
DR. F. R. BURROUGHS.
Physician and Surgeon.
Office: Second Ave., between D and E,
RITZVILLE, WASH.
O. R. HOLCOMB,
Attorney and Counsellor at Law.
Will practice in all the U. S. Courts and Departments and all Washington Courts. Office Ritzville, Wash.
C. W. BICE, M. D.,
Physician and Surgeon.
OFFICE: Second floor Gritman block.
Phone 23. Night calls promptly attended to from office.
RITZVILLE, WASH.
J. C. Morgan,
Attorney at Law
Room 1, Tunnel Block.
RITZVILLE, WASH.

Dr. David A. Hewitt,
PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON
All calls answered—day or night.
Office: In rear of First Nat'l Bank block
Adams County Abstract Co.
(Incorporated.)
The only abstract books in county.
Abstracts promptly made.
Accuracy guaranteed.
Office in Gritman Block.
J. J. Joyce,
Practical Plumber.
Jobbing promptly attended to. Second Street, two doors east of Pioneer State Bank.
RITZVILLE, WASHINGTON.
Ladies and Gents'
Garments Cleaned, pressed and repaired by
L. S. DAVIES,
Satisfaction guaranteed.
Over Roehoff Drug store.
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%•
| Model |
} Meat Market \
! KISSING BUTCHERS ?
J Fresh meats, poultry, fish, J
? butter and lard, always for J
J sale at lowest prices. J
i Your patronage very kindly J
J solicited. J

-THE BRUNSWICK-
Billiards and Pool
Best tables in Eastern Washington, outside of Spokane.
Cigars, Confectionery and Soft Drinks.
Gus Frederickson, Prop.
Tunnel block, Ritzville, Wash'n

An earnest advocate in the cause of Economy, Progression, Conservatism and Reform; the faithful champion and defender of Truth, Honesty and Justice; the foe of Fraud, Incompetency and Corruption in Public Affairs.

NEWSOFNORTHWEST

WASHINGTON, IDAHO, MONTANA AND OREGON NEWS ITEMS.

A Few Interesting Items Gathered From Our Exchanges of the Surrounding Country—Numerous Accidents and Personal Events Take Place—Fall Trade Is Good.

WASHINGTON ITEMS.
A freight on the Northern Pacific was wrecked in the Chehalis yards recently. Twenty-three cars piled up in every direction, the main track and all sidings being entirely blocked.
In the presence of a packed courtroom at Davenport Judge Miles Ponder of Spokane rendered a decision that Attorney H. N. Martin, against whom disbarment proceedings had been brought because of alleged attempt to bribe the court commissioner, had not been proven guilty.
The Tacoma strike, declared a short time ago by Italian laborers and social hands employed by the street railway company, was declared off tonight.
The Inland Empire Railway company has started development of its power site at Nine Mile bridge on the Spokane river about nine miles below town.
The omnibus public building appropriation bill as enacted into law carries the following Washington provisions: Tacoma and Spokane, $100,000 each; Bellingham, $20,000, and North Yakima $15,000. The last two provisions represent outlays for building sites.
The funeral of O. O. Peck, a Spokane pioneer and one of the original owners of the Bunker Hill & Sullivan mine, occurred at Spokane Sunday.
The supreme court has affirmed the judgment of the King county superior court which held that the election of April 27 to determine whether certain property should be annexed to West Seattle was null and void.
Three men, whose identity is unknown, are believed to have lost their lives by drowning in Lake Washington, Seattle, recently.

Lieutenant Governor Coon was elected president of Eagles at the state convention in Seattle.
H. F. Waggoner, grand master of the Masons, has been requested to convene the grand lodge at Davenport, July 3, and lay the corner stone of the $50,000 courthouse there.
The farmers at Dixie, who are among the heaviest stockholders of the new company formed to develop the oil fields in their locality, are negotiating with an experienced oil well driller from Los Angeles to come here with his outfit and put down a test well.
There are now grazing in the Cascade mountains, mostly in the vicinity of Leavenworth, about 250,000 head of sheep. These have wintered in the counties of Douglas, Adams and Franklin and are driven there for summer grazing.
Mrs. Sallie Galler of North Yakima secured a verdict for $3800 against James McMahon and his wife, Catherine McMahon, which sum is alleged to have been stolen from the plaintiff by the defendants during a fire at her home about a year ago.
The prospect for wheat in Franklin county is the best by far since the land has been under cultivation.
Attorney General J. D. Atkinson, in an opinion rendered recently holds that the railroad commission has full authority under the law creating it to define "reciprocity demurrage" as the right of a shipper to demand empty cars within a reasonable time after making application to the railroads for them, and that the commission also has authority to fix and enforce penalties on a reasonable reciprocal demurrage rule or regulation.

The members of the Washington State Beekeepers' association have decided to hold the next meeting at Pullman in January.
The wheat harvest has begun on Badger mountain near Wenatchee, the farmers in that locality having commenced to cut winter wheat. The wheat now being harvested is well filled out and will thresh from 25 to 30 bushels to the acre.
Governor Mead has received an official announcement of the National Irrigation congress to be held in Boise, Idaho, September 3 to 8 inclusive, with a request to give it wide publicity.
Washington is entitled to 15 delegates to be appointed by the governor, 10 delegates to be appointed by the mayor of each city having 10,000 or over and in addition to the delegates from commercial clubs.
Blind drunk two Indians drove on the railway track near Yakima city Sunday afternoon while the westbound North Coast Limited was approaching at high speed and were struck. The engine threw them 50 feet distant to a barbed wire fence and both were instantly killed. The men were badly mutilated. Their names have not been learned.
Representative Jones will stop en route at Chicago and St. Paul, arriving home about July 7.
John Hodan, age 21, was run over by cars and killed at the town of Kent, last Saturday. He was employed as brakeman on a private railroad operated by the Codington Lumber company when the fatal accident occurred.
Spokane has put a bar up against Sunday dances.

W. H. Babcock has sold 2080 acres of Eureka Flat wheat land to Charles B. Rice for $44,000. This is the largest real estate transaction in Walla Walla for some time.

OREGON ITEMS.
An Oregonian special from Glendale, Ore., says that as the northbound Southern Pacific passenger train pulled out of Leland station Sunday two unknown men attempted to board the front end of the forward engine, missed their footing in some unknown manner and went under the train, instantly killing both of them. One man is supposed to be A. J. Fisher.
Mr. and Mrs. Taal of Pendleton celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary by a reception at their home.
With a force so great that every window within three-quarters of a mile radius was shattered and the earth shaken in Portland, three miles away, so that the people believed that an earthquake had occurred, two of the tanks of the Union Oil company of California exploded at University Park, a suburb lying a few miles north of Portland on the Willamette river. One man, Leonard Jaqui, the night watchman, is missing and it is feared that he is dead. Both of the tanks were nearly empty, it being estimated that only 6000 barrels of oil were lost. This, with the damage to the tanks, will amount to about $15,000.

MONTANA NEWS.
President Roosevelt has vetoed the Blackfoot reservation bill. The measure does not guarantee Indians the water rights, he says.
It is possible that the attempted suicide of Mrs. Emma Harris, widow of Dr. E. C. Harris, who shot herself at Hamilton in the region of the heart and is expected to die, will result in revealing the facts of an old murder.
Dr. Harris died about ten years ago of cramps, while living with Mrs. Harris, who was his third wife.
In the district court at Butte recently the famous claim of Tom Hinds against the Boston & Montana Mining company for services as receiver for the properties of the company for four days, many years ago, was settled, and the application of Hinds for an allowance of fees dismissed by stipulation. What he got in the settlement is not made public.
The erection of the Butte Labor Temple building will probably be started in the course of a couple of months and rushed towards completion. The lot which cost $15,000 and is located west of the library building on West Broadway, is almost free from debt.
John F. McGuire, a pipeman in the employ of the Butte & London Mining company, operating east of Butte was killed by falling to the bottom of the shaft, a distance of about 110 feet.
Oscar Stephens, according to his will, filed in the district court at Lewiston, left all of his $1,000,000 estate save about $140,000 to his nephew, Frank Stephens, who assisted him in the management of his business for years, and who is believed to have won the fortune by his devotion to the interests of the dead man. Seven brothers and sisters of the deceased were left $1,000 apiece.
Parade at Anaconda July 4 was the greatest in city's history.
There was a mass meeting at the Butte courthouse at 3 o'clock Sunday noon, for the purpose of taking preliminary steps to the organization of a Young Men's Christian association in Butte.
An examination of the records of the Butte city health office fails to show that a permit has ever been granted for the shipment from Butte to Portland of the body of one Nat Brown, a mining man supposed to have died in this city last week.

IDAHO NOTES.
According to particulars of a revolver duel, near Oro Grande, M. R. ("Dog Joe") Mitchell, prospector and miner, was killed and Michael Sweeney of Spokane, brother of Charles Sweeney, the millionaire mine owner of that city, was slightly wounded.
The conviction is growing that Sweeney acted on the defensive.
Three hundred Nez Perce Indians are encamped at Lapwai for the summer religious camp meeting, which commenced with impressive services Thursday evening. About 50 tepees and 20 wall tents have been erected.
Before the session closes there will be more than 2500 Indians present from all parts of the northwest.
The senate has confirmed the nomination of Surveyor at Boise, Ernest Eggleston.
Farmers from Bear Ridge and the Potlatch met recently and declined to merge the four farmers' telephone lines into one company with a central office at Kendrick. The four lines have about 400 subscribers and are not connected with either the Pacific States or the cooperative companies.
Wallace at last is to have a daily morning paper—the Daily Times—the first issue appearing Tuesday.
The Times is to supplant the semiweekly Idaho State Tribune, published there for two years under the management of D. C. Coates, the plant of which has been purchased by F. J. Whaley of Spokane, who is installing the Times.
Judge George H. Stewart has sentenced William Hicks Bond to be hanged August 10 for the murder of Charles Daly. The crime was committed in Boise October 6, 1904, Mrs. Daly assisting. Bond was convicted April 1903, and sentenced to hang. The supreme court recently affirmed the judgment and Bond was resentenced today. Mrs. Daly is serving a life sentence for her part in the murder.

KITZVILLE, WASHINGTON, JULY 4, 1906.

B. THAW WAS SWIFT

HARRY HAS A RECORD AS FAST SPENDER OF MONEY.

His Family, Who Live In Pittsburgh, Are Rich—Harry Was Black Sheep of Family—Few of His Escapades Given—Had to Go to Paris to Spend Money Fast Enough.

Harry Thaw, slayer of Stanford White in New York recently, has a record as a spendthrift that few young men, or older men, for that matter, have equaled.

Harry Thaw's family is among the most wealthy people of Pittsburgh. His father was, at the time of his death, a multimillionaire, who had made his millions out of manufacturing industries. Hundreds of the most valuable acres in and around Pittsburgh belong to the Thaw family, says the Chicago Tribune.

The Thaws are of Quaker origin, and most of the members of the family adhere to the traditional religion of the family. Harry Thaw has been, since his early youth, the black sheep of the family. When the elder Thaw came to dispose of his millions previous to his death he cut Harry off with $2500 a year because of his waywardness. Mrs. Thaw later remedied the discrepancy in the young man's financial expectations by making him an equal sharer with the other heirs in the estate, thus insuring him an annual income of $80,000.
After he came into his patrimony through his mother's generosity Harry Thaw cut a wide swath in certain society circles of Pittsburgh, New York, London and Paris. He was known as a spender before he left Pittsburgh for New York. When he arrived at New York he set himself the task of maintaining his reputation and succeeded beyond even his expectations. Here are a few things he is accredited with doing after his arrival in New York:
He raced a cab down Broadway in the middle of the day when Broadway was crowded from curb to curb.
He threw a theatrical performance into a panic by throwing bottles at a soubrette who didn't sing to please him.
He caused the proprietor to close up a famous night restaurant an hour earlier because he stood on a table and threw $5 bills to all the waiters.
He went to the Waldorf one night, sat by himself at a magnificent table, and ordered a $100 dinner. When it was finished he sent for the chef and gave him $25.
One night after the theater, when he found his cabman asleep, he got astride of the horse and drove the cab and the sleeping cabman through the most brilliantly lighted thoroughfares of New York.
When a woman's eyes pleased him he would send a pair of rubies to match them, or emeralds, or sapphires, as the case might be.
He made it a point never to tip a waiter less than $5, no matter what was served.
Thaw couldn't spend his money fast enough in New York, and so sought a more expensive field for spectacular extravagance in Paris. He succeeded so well in the gay French capital that in a single night he sprang into fame.
He gave a dinner in midsummer to about 25 women. It cost $50,000. It made Paris sit up and gasp.

KANSAS SALOONS ARE CLOSED.
Bars Put Out of Business by Authorities.
Every saloon in Kansas City, Kan., was tightly closed Saturday and at the club houses of the Elks and Eagles no liquor was sold. Assistant Attorney General Trickett's threat to destroy the buildings used as joints has proven effective.
During the night the bar fixtures and stocks of liquors were removed from many places to the Missouri side.
A dozen saloons in the suburbs of Armourdale, Argentine and Rosedale still remain open, but they may eventually be closed.
These latter were operated by a Missouri brewing company now in the hands of a receiver, and Assistant Attorney General Trickett wished to feel his way before acting against them.
The fixtures from one saloon owned by this company has been destroyed by the sheriff, however, notwithstanding threats of the owner to secure a restraining order from the federal court.

Victories for Palma.
The election for deputies passed off very quietly at Colon Sunday. The government candidates were successful by a majority of 290 votes.
The elections at Panama passed off quietly. The compromise ticket was elected.
Wo Gen, manager of the Wa Chong company, Seattle, and one of the wealthiest Chinese merchants of the northwest, is to be deported. He made a trip to China recently to patch up the trade relations, and did a great deal toward alleviating conditions caused by the boycott. When he returned a few days ago he was found to have a dread eye disease and was placed in the quarantine detention station at Port Townsend. Powerful influences have been brought to bear to nullify the order, but without avail.
The rambling preacher seldom hits the green pastures.

SPORTING NEWS.

Harvard's varsity crew triumphed over Yale at New London Friday before the greatest crowd that ever gathered there on a race day. Harvard won, but Yale rowed a race that will long live in the annals of college sports. Not only from the start, but until the last sixteenth of a mile did the shells cease to lap each other. The men in the rival boats could see each other for more than three miles and a half, as first one coxswain and then the other called on his crew. Harvard won the race by less than two lengths and a half. Her time was 23:02; Yale's 23:11. While the crews had the tide with them they had a brisk quartering wind, which made fast time impossible. The record for the course is 20:10, made by Yale in 1888.
The race between Harvard and Yale crews was the 40th that has been rowed between the two big universities, and the score between the two now stands: Harvard 18, Yale 22. The first race was rowed in 1852 and was won by Harvard. In the last 20 years, however, Yale has won all but four races, Harvard winning in 1885, 1891, 1893 and 1906. The record time over the four-mile course at New London is 20:10, made by Yale in 1888. Gordon Glass, a son of Chester Glass, and for most of his boyhood and young manhood a resident of Spokane, was a member of the victorious Harvard crew, rowing in No. 5. Glass is in his sophomore year at Harvard. He was the only westerner in the Harvard boat.
Yale's representative crews in the regatta with Harvard last Thursday were two of them heavier than the Crimson, but her varsity was the lightest that has sat the shell in years. Harvard had 58 more pounds in her regular boat than Yale, or an average of about seven pounds more to the man. Yale's varsity eight averaged 178 1/4 pounds, while that of Harvard was 175 1/2 pounds. Rarely has Yale sent a varsity eight which weighs less than an average of 170 pounds to the man into the big race. Sometimes the crews average up to 175 pounds.
To the offer made by the governors of Coney Island Jockey Club to set aside a plot of ground on the property of that organization at Sheepshead Bay as a permanent grave for the famous race horse, Sysonby, which died last Sunday, and to erect a memorial stone, Sysonby's owner, James R. Keene, has replied thanking the club officers for their courtesy but stating that he has not decided definitely what disposition shall be made of Sysonby's body.
Kid Parker has been matched to fight Maurice Thompson at Burke, Idaho, July 12.
Kamiah, Idaho, claims the distinction of having the most unique of the winning ball teams of the West. The local team is made up of six Indians and three white men, with the Indians holding down most of the important positions.

With a four weeks' play on their own ball grounds, the Spokane Indians have arrived home and opened a series with Butte at Recreation park on the morning of the Glorious Fourth.
Harold Ellington of New York won the title of world's champion telegraph operator and the silver trophy offered by Andrew Carnegie at the International tournament of telegraphers held at Tremont temple in Boston recently.

STANDING OF CLUBS.
Northwestern League.
P. C.
Tacoma 571
Grays Harbor 511
Butte 488
Spokane 405
Spokane City League.
S. A. A. C. 875
Northern Pacific 700
Warwicks 600
Rapp & Boyd 375
Powell-Banders 375
Jones & Dillingham 300
Dodd Clothing Co 300
Pacific Coast League.
San Francisco 716
Portland 667
Los Angeles 529
Seattle 450
Oakland 349
Fresno 324
National.
Chicago 701
Pittsburgh 672
New York 646
Philadelphia 500
Brooklyn 372
Cincinnati 382
St. Louis 372
Boston 332
American League.
New York 607
Philadelphia 603
Cleveland 594
Detroit 594
Chicago 631
St. Louis 493
Washington 366
Boston 258
British Naval Practice.
The British naval maneuvers which began June 14 and in which 325 vessels and about 63,000 men have been engaged, end this week and the umpires are then expected to give out the general results. From the expert point of view the most interesting phase, namely, the attack and defense of British sea-borne commerce, started June 24, but beyond the arrival of half a dozen gunboats and two cruisers at different ports flying checker flags, denoting their capture by fleets of the defending forces, nothing has transpired.

AMERICANS KILLED

FEARFUL WRECK OF PASSENGER TRAIN NEAR LONDON.

Special Train Bound for London Jumps the Rails—Strikes a Freight, then Crashes into Bridge, where Passenger Car Is Splintered—Dead Number Twenty-three.

London, July 2. —The American Line special, carrying 45 passengers who had debarked Saturday night from the steamer New York, from New York, June 23, was wrecked at Salisbury, eight miles from London, at 2 o'clock Sunday morning. Twenty-three passengers were killed and seven injured.
Following is the list of the first cabin passengers dead:
Barwick, Walter, Toronto, Ont.
Cassier, Louis, Trumbull, Conn.
Cossitt, Frederick Henry, New York.
Elphicke, Mrs. C. W., Chicago.
Harring, Dudley, 316 West Ninety-seventh street, New York.
Hitchcock, Mrs. L. N., 261 Central Park West, New York.
Howieson, Miss Mary P., 31 West Thirty-first street, New York.
King, Rev. E. L., Toronto, Ont.
Koch, Frank W., Allentown, Pa.
McDonald, John E., New York.
McMeekin, F. C., New York City.
Pipon, C. A., Toronto, Ont.
Sentell, Mrs. C. E. W., New York City.
Sentell, Miss Blanche M., New York City.
Sentell, Miss Gertrude M., New York City.
Smith, Mrs. Dayton, Ohio.
Smith, Miss Eleanor, Dayton, Ohio.
Smith, Gerard, Dayton, Ohio.
White, Mrs. Lillian Hurd, 424 Fifth avenue, New York.
The following second cabin passengers are dead:
Geoppinger, Louis, address unknown.
Keeler, Jules, address unobtainable.
Thompson, W. A., address unknown.
The following are the first cabin passengers injured:
Allen, G. H. V., New York City.
Critchell, Robert S., Chicago.
Griswold, Miss L. S., address unobtainable.
Hitchcock, Miss M., New York City.
Koch, Mrs., Allentown, Pa.
Koch, Miss Anna, Allentown, Pa.
The following second cabin passenger was injured:
The train had passed the Salisbury street platform at very high speed. At a sharp curve just outside of town the locomotive jumped the track and, plowing up the rails, crashed into a westbound freight train. The engine mounted the girders of the railway bridge over the river Avon and turned turtle. There were three passenger coaches in the train. The first of these shot ahead of the locomotive and crashed into the railway bridge and was smashed into splinters, portions of the wreck being hurled completely over the bridge. The second and third passengers were toppled over on the line and completely destroyed. The conductor's van, containing a cook's kitchen, was saved by the conductor, who promptly applied the brakes.

Rescue parties set out working instantly, but to little purpose, and the injured were forced to remain buried in the debris a long time. As the bodies of the dead were extricated they were laid in rows on the station platform awaiting identification. All the physicians in Salisbury were summoned and devoted themselves to attending the wounded.
The body of the engineer was found on top of the firebox charred beyond recognition. It was necessary to saw away part of the compartments of the railway coaches in order to release the survivors and to secure the bodies of the dead. In one compartment all of the passengers except two were killed and the rescue of the survivors was exceedingly difficult.
The injured were later removed to Salisbury Infirmary.
The late hour of the New York's arrival at Plymouth saved many lives. She carried more than 60 travelers for London, but many of them elected to travel on comfortably to Southampton in preference to the late landing at Plymouth and the long night ride across the country. If the New York had made a faster passage the somber roster of the dead and injured would have been larger.
The big American Line steamer reached Plymouth at 9:35 o'clock Sunday night, and half an hour later there was a tender alongside to receive passengers for England. Several who had planned to debark and had packed their baggage decided at the last moment to remain aboard. It was a fateful decision, though not dictated by any fear. The run across the Atlantic had been pleasant. There were cheery partings when the passengers for London transferred to the waiting tender, which steamed for the Davenport landing, where the express was being made up.

The train consisted of a powerful express engine, three first class carriages and one combination guards' van and buffet. The passengers were soon entrained, and at 11:30 the express pulled out. It was given a clear track on the run of 230 miles to London, on which the express generally maintains an average speed of a mile a minute.

RITZVILLE
the best town on earth—
pure air and pure water,
the garden spot of the west
em w Washington.

VOLUME 9. NUMBER 27.

MRS. TANNER FATALLY HURT.

Wife of Commander of the G. A. R. Died at Helena, Mont., Saturday.
A sad accident occurred at Helena, Mont., whereby Mrs. James Tanner, wife of the National commander of the G. A. R., lost her life. The commander and his wife were on a trip of inspection to the G. A. R. posts throughout the west, and were being entertained by the veterans at Helena Saturday afternoon. General and Mrs. Tanner, Mrs. Governor Toole of Montana and General Lester Wilson of Hoquiam, Mont., were out for an automobile ride, when the auto was accidentally run over the edge of a hill and capsized. Mrs. Tanner was picked up unconscious and died shortly afterward.
On account of the accident General Tanner has canceled his western engagements and will leave at once with the remains of his wife for Washington, D. C.
The following came from the president:
"Am inexpressibly shocked and grieved. Accept my sincere sympathy.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."

MINING NOTES.

What is claimed by old mining men of the Coeur d'Alene section to be the richest strike of gold ever made has just been reported from the territory around one James Fairchild—the Pilot group of claims, almost adjoining Murray. The strike consists of 18 inches of phenomenally rich gold quartz. However narrow or wide the vein may prove to be, the samples of the ore exhibited bear out even the most sanguine reports from the mine. No genuine assays of it have been made. The vein was encountered at a depth of 175 feet, 420 feet in the tunnel being driven on the property.
The Pilot group is owned by John Docktor, Frank Frohling and Louis Prager. It has been discovered and worked for 14 years, but this is the first strike of any moment ever made on the ground.
Heretofore all surface labor in the mines of the Boundary, B. C., has been at the rate of $3 for a day of 10 hours. Hereafter, in the mines of Phoenix, at least, the pay will be the same, but the day will consist of nine hours. This went into effect last week at the Granby mines, and Manager Drummond of the Dominion Copper company states that the same rule will obtain in his company's mines after the celebration holiday, or on July 4.
Only three weeks more and the once famous Frisco mine at the camp at Gem, Idaho, will be working full blast, announces one of the head employees of the company. At that time the company will commence work sinking a 200-foot shaft from its 2000-foot level and before long the Frisco, long dormant, will be once more on a dividend-paying basis.
The Boundary, B. C., mines output for this week will exceed last week by just 2000 tons. Total treatment for week 23,101 tons. Total treatment for year to date 625,600 tons.
Corroborative reports have been received regarding the phenomenal strike on the west fork of the Kettle river which exposed big bodies of silver ore a few days ago on Wallace mountain in which cobalt has been found. It was first thought that the Duncan mine, where the first samples were found, was the only property having these values, but recent careful prospecting has disclosed the fact that considerable virgin ground on Wallace mountain possesses cobalt.
The average assays of the silver ore taken from these recent rich strikes was $12 per ton.

According to Manager Groesbeck, Heartop mill, Murray, has been entirely remodeled and a new concentrating table was put into operation. The Heartop mill has been running only half the time, but beginning today it will be run full time.
Herbert Aurbach, manager of the Golden Chest mine at Murray has completed a thorough examination and announces that within a short time operations will be resumed.
Ted Mueller, representing the Chicago owners, has just put a force of men on the Don Pedro, a near neighbor to the Crescent and a promising claim near Greenwood, B. C.
Four men were precipitated to the bottom of a 400-foot shaft of the Hoanoke Coal & Mining company at Roanoke, Ill., Sunday night, and instantly killed. The miners were working on a scaffolding below the surface, and when the structure gave way the men dropped 400 feet.
San Francisco Losses.
San Francisco. —Representatives of 36 "dollar for dollar" insurance companies have decided to place all claims in the hands of a committee of five to be appointed from their number. This committee will be at losses, which will be settled as rapidly as possible, according to the representatives.
Hot Day in Washington.
Washington, D. C., according to the weather bureau, had the highest temperature Sunday of any of the big cities. The official mercury reached 96 in the afternoon. One death resulted. Street thermometers registered as high as 101.
Czar Seeks Man of Hour.
No definite statement with reference to the retirement of the Goremykin cabinet is forthcoming. Emperor Nicholas apparently is encountering trouble in finding a man to whom to trust the reins of power.