A live publication devoted to Adams county and resources of the Pacific northwest, circulates among prosperous people who patronize advertisers.

$1.50 PER ANNUM

ADAMS COUNTY NEWS
Offices: News Block, C street between Main and Railroad avenue, opposite First National Bank. Telephone No. 183.

PROFESSIONAL.
DR. PASCAL W. YEARSLEY,
DENTIST
Room 3, Pioneer State Bank Building
RITZVILLE, WASH.
Gas Vapor Administered.
Graduates of Medico-Chirurgical College, Philadelphia, Pa. Crown and bridge work, all kinds of extracting and plate work conforming to the practice of modern dentistry.
J. O. GLENN, D. O.
OSTEOPATHIC PHYSICIAN
Graduate of American School of Osteopathy, Kirksville, under A. T. Still, founder of the Science of Osteopathy.
Miss Clara Morris, Assistant.
Offices: Opposite First National Bank building.
Walter Staser,
LAWYER
Insurance. Abstracting.
Money to Loan on Real Estate.
C. W. RATHBUN,
Attorney at Law.
General practitioner in all courts State and Federal. Collections and insurance. Examination of titles.
Office, rooms 6 and 7, Gratman Building.
W. W. Zent. O. E. Levell.
ZENT & LOVELL,
LAWYERS.
Insurance, Notary Public. Money to Loan on real estate. Office upstairs. First Nat'l. Bank.
Ritzville, Wash.
DR. JOHN ADAMS.
Physician and Surgeon.
Next door to First National Bank,
RITZVILLE, WASH.
DR. F. R. BURROUGHS.
Physician and Surgeon.
Office: Second St., between D and E,
RITZVILLE, WASH.
O. R. HOLCOMB,
Attorney and Counsellor at Law.
Will practice in all the U.S. Courts and Departments and all Washington Courts. Office Ritzville, Wash.
W. D. McCollom
Contractor and Builder,
Estimates furnished. New shop near St. Paul & Tacoma Lumber Co.'s wood yard.
C. W. BICE, M. D.,
Physician and Surgeon.
OFFICE: Second floor, Gratman block.
Phone—Night calls promptly attended to from office.
W. W. Slogan,
Attorney at Law
Room 1, Tunnel Block.
RITZVILLE, WASH.

W. R. CUNNINGHAM, JR,
Real Estate,
and Loans
Broker.
400 buil—living prompt attention
Adams County Abstract Co.
(Incorporated.)
The only abstract books in Adams county.
Abstracts promptly made.
Accuracy guaranteed.
Office in Gratman Block.
O. K. Barber Shop,
H. Goddard, Prop.
First-class and up to date.
BATHS—Hot or Cold.
Ladies and Gents' Garments Cleaned, pressed and repaired by
L. S. Davison,
Hat cleaning guaranteed.
Over Roanoff's Drug store.
J. J. Meat Market
Butcher.
Fresh meats, poultry, fish, butter and lard, always for sale at lowest prices.
Your patronage very kindly solicited.

An earnest advocate in the cause of Economy, Progress, Conservatism and Reform; the faithful champion and defender of Truth, Honesty and Justice; the foe of Fraud, Incompetency and Corruption in Public Affairs.

NEWS OF THE WORLD

SHORT TELEGRAPHIC ITEMS FROM
ALL PARTS OF THE GLOBE.

A Review of Happenings in Both Eastern and Western Hemispheres During the Past Week—National, Historical, Political and Personal Events.
T. W. Barnes will be appointed collector of customs at San Diego, Cal.
Emperor William's birthday was celebrated Saturday with the usual observances, in Berlin.
By a vote of 130 to 108 the House waived the eight-hour day law for alien labor on the Panama canal.
The order dismissing Midshipman Decatur from the naval academy was read out at dinner formation at the academy recently. He left the grounds shortly after.
Jack Gleason lies dead in the morgue at Tonopah, Nev., and George Cole, a member of the legislature from Nye county, is shot through the arm as the result of a pitched battle between union and nonunion miners at Clifford's, on the Manhattan road.
Myrtle M. Hubbard, a young woman who came to San Francisco from Seattle three months ago, committed suicide recently by turning on the gas in her room.
The invitations which the President and Mrs. Roosevelt have sent out for the marriage of Miss Roosevelt to Mr. Longworth are limited to the immediate family connections, a small official list and the intimate personal friends of Miss Roosevelt and Mr. Longworth.
In a bargain counter sale recently at Los Angeles, the crush was so great that one woman had an arm broken, and more than a dozen fainted.

Midshipman Richard R. Mann, presidential appointee and a member of the first class, has been acquitted of the charge of hazing and restored to duty.
Ground was broken at Washington recently for the new residence of the apostolic delegates, which is to be situated on Baltimore street, in a fashionable section of the city. The home will cost $100,000 and is to be finished in October.
It has been decided to raise the Japanese legation at Rome to the rank of an embassy, and it is announced that M. Uchida, the Japanese minister at Peking, will be appointed ambassador to Italy.
Robbers have wrecked the safe of the bank of Owasso, in the Cherokee nation, with dynamite, and escaped with several thousand dollars. The exact sum secured is not known.
A. L. C. Atkinson, secretary of Hawaii, has informed the President that on account of the illness of Governor Carter he will return at once to Honolulu.
The voting is now practically over in England. Only ten contests remain to be decided. The totals are now, liberals 371, unionists 157, Irish nationalists 82, laborites 50.
Two engines and several cars were badly damaged by a head-on collision on the Rio Grande at Bingham Junction, Utah, recently.
Captain William H. Van Schaick was found guilty of criminal negligence in failing to have fire drills on the steamer General Slocum, which he commanded in June, 1904, when the steamer burned with the loss of over 1000 persons. He was sentenced to ten years' imprisonment.

AT THE GRIDIRON CLUB.
Bureaucrats Make Fun Over Panama Canal and Builders.
Washington, D. C. —From Washington to Panama the Gridiron club took its guests Saturday night and showed them how to construct the canal.
From the reception room of the New Willard hotel, preceded by the Marine band and led by President Richard Lee Fearn of the Gridiron club and President Roosevelt, members and guests wended their way through a maze of palms and tropical plants to the dining room, which was transformed to resemble the plaza in front of Governor Magoon's residence in Panama. From that time forward the dinner was conducted as if the correspondents and their guests were by the side of the big ditch. A pass was issued to each guest over the "Gridiron way," the "only airline beyond federal control," and good on the "Washington-Panama personally conducted tour."
Murderer Ends Own Life.
Ashley, N. D., Jan. 30.—The body of Henry Folkenson, murderer of W. I. Drake, a prominent Minneapolis dentist, was found in a cornfield near the outskirts of the city. Indications point that he ended his own life.
Folkenson killed Drake during a quarrel over a bill for 45 cents, which Folkenson claimed was due him.
Big Railroad Death List
A bulletin issued by the Interstate Commerce Commission shows that during the months of July, August and September last 1003 were killed and 16,386 injured among passengers and employees of steam railroads in the United States.
Lyons, in the valley of the Rhone in France, is the largest silk manufacturing center in the world, producing annually about $80,000,000 worth.

MURDERED MILLIONAIRE'S WIFE
Mrs. Canfield Was Seated on Front Porch at Her Home in Los Angeles.
Los Angeles, Jan. 28. —Mrs. C. A. Canfield, wife of multimillionaire and oil magnate C. A. Canfield, and a prominent society woman of Los Angeles, was shot and killed while sitting on the front porch of her residence in the fashionable section of the city. Her slayer was Morris Buck, a former family coachman, who is in custody. According to his own story, related to the officers who captured him, Buck wrote to Mrs. Canfield, soliciting an interview and demanding the payment of a large sum of money, which he claimed to be due him. He said his letter met with no response and he determined to seek a personal interview with Mrs. Canfield. He arrived at the Canfield mansion about 5:40 in the evening and found Mrs. Canfield sitting on the porch. When he renewed his demand for cash, she ordered him off the premises. A servant of the household started toward him and Buck drew a pistol from his pocket. Mrs. Canfield grabbed the pistol and attempted to wrest it from him. During the scuffle, he pulled the trigger of the weapon and the bullet struck Mrs. Canfield in the breast and she fell back on the porch.
Officers who arrested Buck after a chase of several blocks are convinced that the man is sane. According to the version of neighbors, who witnessed a portion of the tragedy, Buck first shot Mrs. Canfield in the breast and when she fell back on the porch he leaned over and deliberately fired another shot into her abdomen. The first shot went directly through her heart. On Buck's person, in addition to the pistol with which he had done the killing, were found a 38 caliber revolver, a long dirk knife sharpened to a razor edge and several loose cartridges. Buck is about 28 years old and little is known of him.
C. A. Canfield left home a few days ago in a private car for an inspection of oil properties in Mexico. He was accompanied by two of his young daughters, 12 and 14 years of age.
Mrs. Canfield was about 45 years of age, and was the mother of five children. Mr. Canfield is the senior member of the firm of Canfield Chandler, the largest oil producers in the state.

HEYBURN TALKED
FOREST RESERVES

Washington, Jan. 30.—The Chinese boycott and the administration of the forest reserves divided the attention of the Senate Monday. The Chinese question came up in connection with a resolution by Senator Tillman directing an investigation by the committee on immigration. Senator Tillman modified the resolution by omitting the major portion of the preamble and after considerable discussion the resolution was referred to the committee on contingent expenses.
Senator Heyburn raised the question regarding forest reserves. He sharply criticized the methods of the forestry bureau and charged it with maintaining a press bureau for the purpose of attacking him. He declined, however, to hold the President responsible for this course. He said that the course was calculated to retard the development of the West.
Senator Dubois took a contrary view, defending the policy pursued and contending that it was in the interest of the arid regions.
Senator Heyburn addressed the Senate in support of his bill to compensate states for school lands taken possession of by the government for forest reserve purposes. He said Congress had surrendered its constitutional right to control the public lands embraced within the forest reserves and that the administration of the reservations is of such a character as to force the conclusion that the time has arrived that Congress to resume its guardianship.
Senator Heyburn said the forest reserves in Idaho cover more than 33,000 square miles. He protested against such an extensive withdrawal as unfair, saying:
"It is men we want, not trees."

SEEM TO FAVOR LOCK CANAL.

Commission Said to Have Accepted Minority Report of Engineers.
Washington.—The Isthmian Canal Commission has concluded its consideration of the report of the board of consulting engineers with respect to the type of canal that should be built. The commission has had before it the reports of the majority and minority of the consulting board.
While no official announcement is made with reference to the commission's report, there is good reason to believe they have summarized the two reports and have recommended the construction of a lock canal, with 183-foot level, practically following the recommendations of the minority of the consulting engineers.

Strange Crimes In St. Louis.

St. Louis, Jan. 28.—While walking along Kossuth avenue Bertha Riley, aged 11 years, was stabbed in the back, presumably by a young man. The girl ran home and was given medical attention, and it is said the wound is not serious. This makes the sixteenth girl that has been stabbed in the night within the past two weeks.
The highest point to which a human being can ascend without involving injury to health is 16,000 feet.

KITZVILLE, WASHINGTON. JANUARY 31, 1906.

THE VALENCIA WRECK
SERIOUS CHARGES MADE BY THE SURVIVORS OF DISASTER.
Lost Party of Nine Rescued While on a Mountainous Trail—F. F. Bunker Tells of Terrible Experience of the Shipwrecked Victims—Calls Attention to Many Faults.
Victoria, B. C. —All the survivors who reached shore near the scene of the wreck have now been cared for, the last party of nine, who had been stalled at Darling river on account of the flooded waters, have reached the steamer Salvor at Ham Held creek. They were in a bad condition.
Great credit is due to the party from the Salvor, headed by Captain Ferris, who traveled an almost impassable trail for 15 miles. After a night spent on the trail they started for home with the survivors. Before returning Captain Ferris visited the wreck. He reports the beach literally covered with wreckage, and at that time five bodies were on shore being identified.
They found F. F. Bunker, assistant superintendent of schools of Seattle, and F. Marshall on the beach in a bad condition, the latter having walked the whole way suffering from a sprained ankle and experiencing severe pain.
The remainder of the party had taken to the trail.
Bunker had lost his coat and shirt and was wearing a blanket with armholes cut in it. Marshall's ankle was in a bad condition. The two men were taken to a telegraph hut at Pachena and given food. Soon afterwards, while these two were being cared for, the rescue party arrived with the other survivors. All were completely fatigued. The entire party was equipped with shoes, those who had been without having been supplied with shoes taken from the corpses washed ashore. The survivors are loud in their praise of the rescue party from the Salvor. The trail is in a frightful condition and travel is most difficult.
Brave Cable Operators.
Richmond, Mousely and McWho, cable operators, were the first to reach the survivors. The telegraph men were completely worn out, having crossed several streams, but it would have been impossible for them to bring in the survivors without the assistance from the Salvor's party.
The survivors who were picked up by the Salvor at Touquart, the men found on Turtle island, and those brought in by the rescue party have been removed on board the United States revenue cutter Grant, with the exception of two, who are too ill to be transferred. The bodies secured by the Salvor have also been removed to the revenue cutter. The Grant has gone to Seattle.
Crew Lacked Discipline.
F. F. Bunker said there was evident lack of discipline among the crew, and this fact is corroborated by other passengers. A messboy cursed an officer to his face for not giving proper orders. Mr. Bunker said boat No. 2 was sent through the surf with more than 20 passengers in it and only seven got ashore after it capsized. He got in the next boat lowered, with his wife and two children. This boat was sent out without officers or seamen. The boat capsized and he tried to crawl back. As he did so the boat righted and nearly filled. He got in and his wife was clinging to the side of the boat. The girl was gone and the boy was limp. He tried to restore the boy to life and the little fellow recovered consciousness and began to cry and call "Papa." His wife said she could not hold on longer. He kissed her goodbye. Just then the boat again capsized. He told his wife to hold on, and took her with one arm and the child with the other, but something struck him on the head and he lost them. He was swept in and out three times by the breakers, but finally managed to clutch the rocks and hold fast.
He waited on the rocks after climbing out of the water until morning, and then he climbed up the bluff and found a trail to a hut, which he reached after great hardship, having to swim a river to gain the hut. In the hut he found some moldy beans and a telephone receiver. During the next two days the sufferings of himself and other survivors who had joined him were terrible, but help arrived from the cable station at Bamfield, then a party from Clo-Oose, then those from the Salvor.
Why These Serious Faults?
Mr. Bunker says that in his opinion there are several questions that require answering in connection with the disaster, as follows:
"Why were boatloads of passengers loaded into the water without crews to man or officers to command?
"Why was there no discipline among officers and men?
"Why were the plugs for the bottom of the boats not made to fit?
"Why was it impossible for the passengers to make pins for the rowlocks to fit?
"Why were the life preservers made of reed and not of cork?"
Mr. Bunker opened 60 of these life preservers which floated into the rocks near where he was, and found them all the same. He also asked:
"Why did six members of the crew land near Cape Beale in one of the ship's boats without passengers?
"Why did the Queen and two tugs which stood near the wreck on Wednesday leave her to her fate?"
One hour after they left the wreck, he said, the remains of the steamer collapsed and more than 50 persons floated to sea, with no one to pick them up.
Alfred Willis Makes Charges.
Alfred Willis of Spokane, an ordinary seaman of the United States ship Pensacola, aged 16, was one of the survivors and tells a story of hardship that makes the blood curdle. He was in the second boat, and when it was launched found that the plugs would not fit. He could find no other plug and used his hand as a plug to prevent the boat from filling and sinking. The boat was washed through the surf and was capsized. He was washed to the shore and drawn out three times by the undertow, but finally caught his pants on a piece of jagged rock and held. He is in very bad shape, but came over the trail in fine style.
No better example of discipline was ever shown than when Willis arrived at Pachena bay and saw Lieutenant Colville of the United States ship Grant. Recognizing his superior officer, he calmly saluted, and said: "Lieutenant, I report, sir. It was indeed it was. a pitiful scene." He is loud in his praise for Mr. Bunker, who kept the party of survivors in good spirits, and also to the rescue party from the Salvor, to whom he gives the credit of saving his life.
He is most emphatic in condemning the officers and equipment of the lifeboats. In number two boat there was no one who understood its management, and it was steered by a fireman. The wooden oarlocks broke at the first stroke of the oars.

PASSENGER TRAINS
HEAD-ON COLLISION
A fatal head-on collision is reported from Columbia Falls, Mont., at 10:40 Monday night between Great Northern Limited trains. Both firemen, names unknown, are reported killed. Conductor Quinn of the westbound limited is reported badly hurt, and five passengers are said to have been hurt. The injured were taken to Whitefish, Mont.
The trains met on a level, straightaway track, where speed of 80 to 86 miles is ordinarily attained. Both engines turned over and landed many feet from the track. It is reported the wreck took fire immediately. The surrounding country is low and marshy, and it is believed a heavy fog prevailed, which contributed to the disaster. An engine from the Kalispell branch was quickly run to the scene from the junction a mile distant. This was coupled to the rear of the train and the cars pulled away from the fire.
The engines in the wreck were of the "Changhai" type, monster locomotives with high drivers.
The eastbound train was in charge of Conductor Bert Robertson, and Engineer Therwiohter. Conductor Quinn and Engineer Barden were in charge of the westbound limited. All the trainmen involved belong to Whitefish, Montana. So far were the cars hurled by the force of the collision that all of the telegraph wires and poles by the track were thrown down. A wrecking outfit was promptly dispatched from Whitefish.

KING OF DENMARK
DIED SUDDENLY
Copenhagen, Denmark, Jan. 30.—Christian, the ninth, the aged king of Denmark, dean of the crowned heads of Europe, father of King George of Greece, of Queen Alexandra of England, Great Britain and Ireland, and of the dowager empress Maria Feodorovna of Russia, grandfather of King Haakon, the seventh, of Norway, and related by blood or by marriage to most of the European rulers, died with startling suddenness in the Amalienborg palace Monday evening. The successor to the throne, Prince Ferdinand, his eldest son, who will be known as Frederick the eighth, was proclaimed today.
The following is the official bulletin announcing his death:
"His majesty died at 8:30 p. m. After his majesty had brought Monday morning's audience to a close he appeared to be quite well, and proceeded to luncheon, as usual. Toward the end of the morning he gave evidence of indisposition and was compelled to retire to bed at 3:30 p. m. His majesty passed away peacefully, the symptoms indicating heart failure."
DAMAGE DONE BY BOMB.
Dynamite Projectile Hurled Into Crowded House.
Worcester, Mass., Jan. 29.—A dynamite bomb, hurled through a second-story window of the house of Paul Mosczynski, 32 Union avenue, at an early hour this morning, exploded and tore away the rear part of the house, blowing out the floors and rear wall. Twenty-two persons were asleep in the house, but no one was injured.
The wife of Daniel C. Booth, who was ill, was rendered insane by the explosion. She was taken to a hospital tonight.
Queen Maud of Norway will need little tuition in the speech of her new realm, for she took to the Danish language with instinctive ease during her girlhood. The difference between the two languages, both in vocabulary and pronunciation, are principally dialectic.

FUNERAL OF WHEELER
IMPOSING MILITARY PAGEANT
ACROSS BROOKLYN BRIDGE.
Brief Services at Episcopal Church in New York City—Body of Dead Soldier Wrapped in Flags Under Which He Had Served—Body Was Taken to Washington, D. C.
New York, Jan. 29.—An imposing military pageant passing across Brooklyn bridge, brief services at St. Thomas' Episcopal church in Fifth avenue and an escort across the North river ferry to Jersey City, where the body was placed on a train to be taken to Washington for interment in the National cemetery at Arlington, marked the funeral in this city Sunday afternoon of Brigadier General Joseph Wheeler, one of the most prominent generals of the Spanish-American war. The body of the dead soldier was wrapped in the flags under which he had served with almost equal vigor and distinction—the stars and bars of the Confederate states and the stars and stripes. Veterans of the southern and northern armies mingled in paying tribute to General Wheeler with the younger veterans of the Cuban and Philippine wars of 1898 and 1899. The route of the funeral cortege was lined with great crowds, most of whom stood with bared heads as the procession passed.
The funeral took place from the home of General Wheeler's sister, Mrs. Sterling Smith, in Brooklyn, where the general died Thursday of pneumonia. The body was borne from the house by noncommissioned officers of infantry and placed upon a flag-draped artillery caisson. Squadron C and a detail of the Second battalion of artillery, escorted the body from the Manhattan side of the bridge to where the Seventy-first regiment, N. Y. N. G., in full dress uniform was drawn up. The Seventy-first, commanded by Colonel W. D. Bates, served under General Wheeler in Cuba, and today was given the post of honor. Infantry from Governor's Island, headquarters of the department of the east, United States army, also joined the procession on this side of the river.
From Brooklyn bridge the line of march was across town to Washington square and then up Fifth avenue from Eighth street to Fifty-third street to St. Thomas' church. A riderless horse, with boots reversed in the stirrups and a cavalry sword dangling from the saddle was led just behind the caisson.
The brief services were conducted by the Rev. Ernest Stires, rector of the church, assisted by the Rev. Dr. Morgan who, meeting the body at the door, led the way to the chancel. They were followed by the church vestry, consisting of D. O. Mills, George McCulloch Miller, J. A. Atterbury, A. R. Flower and Charles H. Stout. Following these came the honorary pallbearers, Colonel J. J. Astor, J. P. Morgan, R. T. Wilson, Fitch Smith, Dr. John Wyeth, John McKesson, S. R. Bertron, Dr. William M. Polk, Commander Parker, U. S. N., Archer Huntington, General J. H. Wilson, General Kent, Senator Clark of Montana, Charles S. Fairchild, General O. O. Howard, U. S. A., retired; General Stewart L. Woodford, Dr. Ogden Doremus and Dr. Parrins.
After the casket had been placed on the pedestal, the full choir of St. Thomas' entered the church, singing as a processional hymn, "Lead, Kindly Light."
Following the church services the body was escorted to Jersey City, where it was placed on board a train of the Pennsylvania railroad for Washington, where services were held Monday. The interment was made in Arlington, the last military honors being presented at the grave.

ZION GIVES UP MEXICO IDEA.

Chicago.—John Alexander Dowie's great Mexican plantation scheme, which has cost him so much toil, promises to be practically abandoned under the plans of the triumvirate now ruling the social affairs of Zion City.
It is declared by one of the triumvirate that no outside ventures will receive development at present, and that all efforts will be concentrated upon bringing order into the affairs at Zion City itself.
The one man said that the land acquired by Dowie in Mexico has turned out to be poor quality and the litigation necessary to use it will probably copy a number of years.
For these reasons the triumvirate will check the operations in Mexico, although a few hundred acres will be held in order to form a nucleus for taking up the project again if it ever becomes possible to do so. Overseer Voliva of Australia, who is related to become temporary overseer at Zion City, is expected to arrive Sunday, February 11.

OUR FLEET LEAVES TANGIER.
Algiers.—The Second squadron of the North Atlantic fleet, Rear Admiral Charles D. Sigsbee commanding, has sailed for Villefranche. A dozen deserters were left behind, and the police authorities are searching for them.
Queen Margherita of Italy has an Alpine garden 6000 feet above sea level, which is said to be not only the highest garden in the world but the

RITZVILLE
the best town in
Bar—air and pure
Loveliest spot of
Eastern Washington.

VOLUME 9. NUMBER

RUSSIA IS WITH GERMANY
Czar Clings to France as All
Call Kaiser Brother.
St. Petersburg.—A new grouping of the powers of Europe, with Germany and Russia arrayed side by side in closest friendship and the alliance of the empire with republican France lagging in the rear, was forecast in the words of Emperor Nicholas at a gala luncheon at Tsarkoe-Selo last night in honor of Emperor William's birthday.
Rising to his feet before a brilliant company of Russian and German representatives to propose a toast to the German emperor, Emperor Nicholas lifted his glass and said distinctly, as if weighing every word:
"I drink to the health of the emperor of Germany and the king of Prussia, my brother and very dear friend."
The phrases chosen were significant enough in themselves, the emperors in previous years having proposed the health of the emperor-king with the qualifying expression of brotherhood and friendship, but turning to Herr Von Schoen, the German ambassador, who was standing at his right, the emperor grasped him by the hand, and is reported to have said:
"Frere, c'est plus que allié."
(Brother, that's more than ally.)
The stage of the momentous utterance was the great dining hall of the Alexander or little palace at Tsarkoe-Selo.
The emperor's choice of the word "ally" indicated the defensive alliance with France is still considered binding, but it evidently had been going in diplomatic circles for some time that Russia will not go a hairbreadth beyond the terms of the treaty providing for common action only in case France is not the aggressor, and there is no telling how soon it will be allowed to pass into desuetude.

YAKIMA IRRIGATION
PROJECT ASSURED
Prosser, Wash., Jan. 31.—The Tieton and Hunnyside irrigation projects are assured by the signing here of the government agreement by E. F. Benson, of the Prosser Falls Land & Power company. All the other rights in the Yakima river are now adjusted, and Engineer Jacobs has wired Washington, D. C., from his office that the slate is clean.
Taylor & Kemp and Thompson & Pratt, the two other firms having water rights, signed the government agreement a week ago.
The government is to take over the irrigating plant of Mr. Benson and allow 500 cubic feet of water to pass Prosser during August, and 331 cubic feet during the balance of the irrigation season, and also raise the dam in the river here from 13 to 16 feet. This will leave ample power for manufacturing purposes.
Engineer Jacobs said he believed the work in this valley would continue for 13 years, until $13,000,000 are expended and 400,000 acres of land irrigated, 300,000 of which will be in Benton county.
This is the greatest day in Prosser's history, even being eclipsed in enthusiasm by the news, nearly a year ago, that Benton county had been created.
Predictions are freely made that Prosser will have 3,000 population in 10 years.
WORK OF INSANE POLICEMAN.
Attempts Life of Peoria, Ill., Chief.
Peoria, Ill., Jan. 29. —Charles Harwood, a former policeman, now violently insane, entered the police headquarters Sunday afternoon and at the point of a revolver held up the chief in his office for 15 minutes while he vented his insane wrath in a deluge of curses. After threatening to shoot the entire crowd and failing to shoot because of a snapped cartridge, he backed out of the station and made his escape.

MINING NEWS.

The Headlight Mining company of Coeur d'Alene has opened up an excellent body of concentrating ore in the lower tunnel.
The principal event of last week in mining circles at Rossland, B. C., was the finding and crosscutting on the 11th level of the Centre Star, formerly known as the War Eagle mine, of a ledge of ore 20 feet in width. The ore is of good grade. There is an interesting story in connection with this important event.
The biggest deal in the history of copper mining is being hatched at Boston and in New York, involving Amalgamated Copper, the Guggenheim and the Halsey interests. Henry H. Rogers and Daniel Guggenheim have been in almost daily consultation, but no announcement will be made for some weeks. The upshot of the negotiations is expected to be that the Guggenheims will turn up in control of the copper industry of the country, in which they will be as supreme as they have been in silver and lead.
Vast City Buried In Forest.
Count Maurice de Peregny, an old French archaeologist, has discovered in the Peten district of Guatemala an immense ruin of an ancient city of the Mayas, which it will take months for him to investigate properly. The explorer will return to this continent next year to complete the investigation of the ancient.