CAL TOPICS.

Col. Will E. Rapson of Columbia City, King county, brigade engineer of the Grand Lodge of Knights of Pythias, arrived here this morning on an official visit and tonight will inspect Ivanhoe Lodge No. 50 of this city. With him is Hon. W. G. Ronald of Seattle, Grand Chancellor of the Domain and one of the most prominent members of the order in the Pacific jurisdiction. Standing six-feet-six, straight as an arrow, a typical westerner in the very prime of life, he is certainly a picturesque character. The two make a strong pair and they never permit their company to get lonesome. The distinguished guests go west tonight. Mr. Ronald, representing Chicago and St. Louis capitalists, is negotiating with the owners of the Blue Point Marble Co. for the sale of their property.

Charles Lemman returned from Attica, Mich., after a three months' absence, bringing with him a wife, Miss Mary Robinson of Almont, Mich., who comes of fine family to whom he was married Dec. 31, 1901, a lady he had known for many years. The impression of friends here that the gentleman was going to the Wolverine State for something more than a formal visit was evidently well founded. Mr. and Mrs. Lemman will in a few days go onto the homestead four miles northwest from Willis where they will reside in future. The News tenders congratulations and best wishes for their happiness in the years to come.

We are in receipt of the following wedding invitation: "Mr. and Mrs. Chas. E. Russell request the honor of your presence at the marriage reception of Miss Rosina Hirlinger and Mr. R. Edward Vincent, Tuesday, February 11, 1902, from 7:30 to 9 o'clock, 509 Shannon avenue, Spokane, Washington." Messrs. Russell & Vincent, contractors, are well known in this city having erected several of the largest brick buildings.

David, son of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Sheppard, met with a painful accident Sunday caused by slipping on the porch step and running his right arm through the glass door, cutting the flesh and veins in the forearm to the bone at the wrist. It was feared at one time that serious results would ensue from loss of blood but the injured boy is getting along well at this time.

J. F. Collier, an old-timer of the county since 1884, left Thursday night for Los Angeles on a two weeks' flying trip. He goes on business and pleasure and it will be his first visit on California soil. For eighteen years Mr. Collier has worked like a trojan tilling Adams county land and today he is in comfortable and independent circumstances.

Charles Eberle, the blacksmith, has rented the D. D. Stair cottage now occupied by Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Hammond on Cunningham street, which the latter will vacate as soon as they can build a residence on their lots nearby. Charley is a young unmarried man and will probably open bachelor quarters there soon—if.

F. Porter of Dayton, assessor of Columbia county, was in the city Friday the guest of his brother, Cleu F. Porter, the photographer. He stopped off on his way home from the assessors' convention at North Yakima, last week returning in company with C. D. Linn, our assessor.

Messrs. Charles M. and Frank H. Kingley bought two sections of fine land at Krupp on the Great Northern last Saturday. Both are farming large tracts south of town and by their industry have acquired good properties and financial standing.

Rev. T. H. Fertig spent several days of last week in Davenport on ministerial and private matters. The gentleman is a land owner of this county and has lately made some investments which have proven very profitable to that worthy divine.

Hayden, Cleveland, Reese, Greene & Co. do not seem to be superstitious about signs at least they have hung out a neat new bright one from their window in the Pioneer State Bank, proclaiming their vocation to the world.

E. S. Holcomb of Broken Bow, Neb., a cousin of the Holcomb brothers, lawyers, of this city, arrived Friday to enter the employ of the First National Bank as an accountant.

Samuel Hutchinson, the 7-foot giant, was up Saturday from his stock ranch at the sinks and was the business guest of W. W. Zent, the lawyer.

D. H. Kimple, the architect and builder, spent Sunday in Spokane where his wife is stopping for her health which is now fully restored.

Hon. W. K. Kennedy informs us that he sold one of a span of work horses for $308 at the auction held at the farm last week.

Geo. T. Summers, the liveryman, left Monday morning for the balmy air of Southern California and will be absent six weeks.

Henry Margraf, proprietor of the Pacific hotel, is confined to his room with a very severe cold.

B. E. Hervey, the real estate man, has sold since the 12th day of December, the following lands: Township 20, range 24, 18 sections, $34,500; township 16, range 25, 18 sections, $18,432; township 16, range 24, 21 sections, $23,520; besides many odd sections which he has disposed of. The lands were owned by Daniel Drumheller of the Trader's National Bank, Spokane, Hayden, Reese & Parker and Pacific National Bank of Tacoma. These sales aggregate over $76,000 and are only an instance of what a rapid transformation is taking place in the new agricultural districts of Eastern Washington.

W. S. Yearsley, the dentist, has been chosen vice-president of a company just organized at Spokane, which will be known as the Palouse Land Co., and will have charge of a branch office at Colfax.—Ritzville Times. Dr. Yearsley requests us to correct the error as far as possible and state to the public that the above is untrue and that he has not been made vice-president of any company and that the only business he will have charge of and will give his undivided attention to is the practice of dentistry in his office in the Pioneer State Bank block in this city where he can always be found.

Isom Irby, a familiar figure among stockmen of this part of the country, was over from his big ranch on the Great Northern Monday. The gentleman is the owner of much town property in the way of lots which have advanced in value in the last few months. He has just closed a sale of all his land and stock holdings on Crab Creek, Lincoln county, and has moved his family to Spokane where they will make their home. The gentleman is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. Jesse R. Harris.

Chester R. Bardwell of Griffith, was among our welcome visitors Saturday, liberally donating to our exchequer and continuing our paper to his son, Alpheus A. Bardwell at Nez Perce, Idaho. The gentleman upon good authority says that there is no smallpox in their neighborhood and that the false report is injurious and unjust to their community.

We find it will take up too much space to make personal mention of the several hundred people who have lately paid up their subscription. Suffice it to say that we are sincerely thankful for the patronage and tokens of confidence which it has been our lot to enjoy and that we heartily appreciate the support accorded us since our advent in newspaperdom.

Allen O. Rickert, the liquor dealer, is home again from a seven weeks' jaunt among relatives and friends in the Keystone state. He enjoyed the trip very much and on his return brought a number of trophies and ornamental curiosities which he purchased at various cities on his rounds.

Luther, the twelve-year-old son of Dr. E. R. Leniman, while coasting on the west side of the track near the residence struck on the ground and was badly cut over the right eye. The fall was severe but the little fellow is getting along all right.

Chas. O. Greene, owner of the electric light plant, spent Monday in Spokane purchasing electrical supplies of latest modern design, so that all who wish can be furnished with up-to-date appliances in that line by calling at his office.

F. E. Robbins, manager of the White River Lumber Co., yesterday purchased lot 13, block 5, Greene & Prouty's addition from W. S. Eastman and wife for $250, upon which he will build a cottage for rent.

S. M. Hair and W. L. Charleston have entered into partnership and will be engaged in the real estate business. They have opened in the Hutch building next door to the Pioneer State Bank.

Philip A. Grub, the warehouseman, spent the latter part of the week at his home in Medical Lake celebrating the event of his sixtieth birthday, which occurred Feb. 6th, returning Monday morning.

Mrs. Mattie G. Wood of Fernandina, Fla., who has been visiting her brother, Samuel Glenn, at Fletcher since Christmas, leaves for her southern home this evening.

N. B. Whitley, a well-known fire insurance man, is spending the day looking after his interests in the burg and representing the American and Svea companies.

The wooden building permit proposition within the prescribed fire limits is often times carried too far and practically defeats the purpose for which it was created.

Thos. H. Johnston, owner of one of the most elegantly furnished farm homes in close proximity to the town, was a pleasant caller Monday.

Rev. Dan W. Haight has not rallied from the operation performed several weeks ago and now lies very low at the residence on Fourth street.

The Maccabee social which was slated for Feb. 15, has been postponed by the committee in charge and will come off at a later date.

Ous Anson and family will move into one of the French cottages on Knob Hill this week.

BREVITIES.

The farmer who begins the new year with the intention of reducing expenses will find many opportunities for so doing, and will also be surprised at the end of the year at the many avenues for allowing loss. One cause of loss is the neglect of the farm wagons and implements. An account kept of the cost of repairs will show that quite a large sum goes in that direction, much of which could be saved. The use of more oil on tools, and keeping them sharp and in the best condition for use, will save labor which is an item that must be paid for. Too many unprofitable animals, however, cause more loss than anything else, and the farmer should begin the new year with sufficient courage to thin out the flocks and herds so as to retain only the best and most profitable.

Jose M. Turner, proprietor of the Racket store, is closing out his business on account of having to vacate the premises to Messrs. Rosenoff & Co., the druggists, who will remove the wooden building to give place to a two-story brick fire-proof store, provided there is no change in calculations. Mr. Turner is unable to find another location and for the present does not know what he will engage in. He has plenty of means and is a man who will not remain idle very long. Mr. W. L. Olinstead, owner of the building now occupied by Rosenoff & Co. will again embark in the drug business at the old stand where he became well and favorably known and was established for a number of years.

We are in receipt of letters almost daily asking for information concerning Adams county and Eastern Washington. We have sent our paper and answered all the inquiries up to this time. As the communications become more frequent we feel the growing necessity of an emigration bureau or board of trade to handle these important matters as it imposes a tax upon the local newspaper man, which for want of time, necessary printed matter and other reasons he is unable to do justice to the town and county as well as to the inquirer. Homeseekers who are looking this way should be afforded some means of knowing all about us when they made the advances toward coming here to locate.

The uncertain or formation period which every new town in the west experiences when the question of permanency hangs in the balance, has been passed by Ritzville. Confident of its stability and future thousands upon thousands of dollars will be expended for buildings and improvements in every line when spring opens. Our town is progressing on its merits and all danger of coming to a standstill has long since gone by.

A small blaze in one of the rooms of the Pacific hotel caused a few minutes excitement this evening. The fire was quickly extinguished by Mr. Ringle, one of the proprietors, and aside from burning the carpet and some wearing apparel no considerable damage was done.

Edward Palmer, brother-in-law of Harry A. Mueller, is down from Spokane and may arrange to remain here permanently. He lived here in 1888, moving to Couer d'Alene city the same year where his parents, Mr. and Mrs. N. H. Palmer, still reside.

Lee Lavender, one of Lincoln county's peerless young men, returned from Spokane Monday, where he has been visiting his brother, Clay, who is attending college there. He passed through this city on his way home on South Fork.

Pretty decorations and handsome wallpaper are making a tasty set of rooms throughout the Hotel Ritzville of which Sebastian Ott is the owner and proprietor. His new brick will be under course of construction ere long.

J. W. Turner of Billings, Mo., brother of the merchant, is here having come to the west to stay and with his family will settle on a piece of land and try his skill at what is making our people rich—farming.

Maud M. Wagnon of Portland, Ore., today bought lots 9 and 10, block 17, original town, from J. M. Harris for $1200. Purchaser intends opening "The Swan" boarding house.

Mr. and Mrs. John McDonald, owners of that picturesque place, known as the Comstock Farm on the creek, fifteen miles south, spent last night in the city.

Installation of officers of the Kebekahs and Oddfellows will occur Thursday evening at Greene's hall and the attendance of all members is desired.

Hundreds of tons of splendid ice has been housed away during the past ten days. There promises to be no congealed water famine next summer.

James Schiewe, the contractor, and the Backet and Fair Store have new ads to be seen in this issue.

NOTICE.

Zenith Chapter No. 55, Order of the Eastern Star will hereafter hold meetings on the second and fourth Saturday evenings in each month on same dates with the Masons. The first double communication will occur Saturday evening, Feb. 22, when all members of the Star and Blue Lodge are earnestly requested to be present.

COMING EVENTS

National Press Association, Hot Springs, Ark., April 15-18, 1902.
Supreme Lodge Knights of Pythias biennial session, San Francisco, May 15, 1902.
Lewis & Clark Centennial Exposition, Portland 1905.
School of Horticulture, Pullman, Jan. 6, Feb. 14.
Montana State Horticultural Society, Missoula, Feb. 16-21.
Young People Society of United Presbyterian church, Spokane July 19-20; Tacoma, July 21-24.
Thirty-fourth annual convention American Woman Suffrage Association, Washington, D. C., Feb. 11-18.
Association of Congregational Churches and Ministers for eastern Washington and northern Idaho, Ritzville, April 1, 2, 3.
Knights of Pythias Grand Lodge, Tacoma, May 20-24.

WE THANK YOU

Our business during the past year has been very satisfactory. We appreciate your help in making it so and extend to you our heartfelt thanks for the same. We hope by a continuation of our one-cash-price-to-all policy to merit your patronage in the future. Our aim will be to secure the best bargains possible for our customers, knowing well that in serving you we are serving ourselves. We cordially invite you to come and see our goods and get our prices. We will treat you right and guarantee goods and prices. When you come in our store don't think for one moment that it is necessary that you buy something. Drop in any time; our store is large; plenty of seats; good place to get warm; free telephone, and many conveniences not usually found in stores in places like Ritzville.

KING MERCANTILE CO.

FARMERS, TAKE NOTICE.

I will have within the next six weeks several eastern parties who want to buy improved farms. Come and list your land if you wish to sell.

J. M. Adams.

At the M. K. church Saturday evening, Feb. 15, you will have an opportunity to enjoy a reading given by Miss Minnie Prater, an intimate friend of the popular postmistress, Miss Lizzie Haight. Admission, 25 and 15 cents.

Willson's Juvenile Minstrels, of 30 children from four to twelve years of age, will be seen at the opera house Thursday evening in minstrelsy, burlesque opera and spectacular extravaganza.

Dr. Geo. H. Lernman, dentist, will be in Ritzville Wednesday, Feb. 12th, to remain a few days. Finest fillings only 50 cents. Set teeth $7.50.

Unlimited money at lowest rates to loan on improved land.—O. K. Holcomb.

Davenny Bros. have their front show window tastily decorated with an elegant display of shoes.

The First National Bank always has on hand land script for the purchase of government land. By using script the purchaser secures complete title from the government without any requirements of residence.

King Mercantile Co. are closing out their Chicago and Royal ranges at cost to make room for other goods. All first-class and guaranteed. Call and get a bargain.

The Ritz National Bank has money to loan on improved real estate in Adams and Lincoln counties whether deed or held on railroad contract. We make loans on lowest terms, with or without commission; light expenses, no delays. Correspondence solicited.

Large consignment of grooved steel zigzag furrows just received which are without question the finest article ever produced in that line for light work, rigidity and strength.—King Mercantile Co.

NEW SPRING GOODS

Our new spring goods are here and we will soon be ready to greet you with the most complete line in Adams County.

A. T. KENDRICK & CO.

Everybody in Adams County knows that we handle the Superior line in Drills. They also know what a magnificent record this drill has established for itself. This year they will be better than ever.

RITZVILLE HARDWARE COMPANY.

ALL STAND ASIDE

TO ADMIRE

a man well dressed. That means that wearers of clothing from this stock are objects of admiration and approval. Can't make any mistake in buying any of this clothing. It's all good. Not expensive, either, but right up-to-date in point of style and well finished inside and out.

In the different walks of life our footwear is giving satisfaction. All classes, all ages and both sexes wear our SHOES with comfort and satisfaction. All our shoes are made of leather of excellent grade and by the most approved method. They are stylish, perfect fitting, strong and durable.

Prices to suit all.

Win. Snyder

DAVENNY BROS.

Can fit your feet with
Good Shoes
At a Little Cost.
We have them in all widths and sizes, at all prices in heavy, medium or light weight.

CALL AND SEE OUR

Every pair just fresh from the factory. No old styles or shop worn goods.

DAVENNY BROS.

General Merchandise.

AM. >i t AIUNI.

Does it seem as though a hundred different ailments are bothering you? Kidney Cure is the only medicine that will prove immediate relief and permanent cure. It is compounded from strong but harmless drugs and is a boon to suffering humanity.

Lowest Price 50 cents per bottle, 6 for $5. (Guaranteed)

H. O. SITTIGAN.

OUR DISPLAY

OF HARNESS

Is of real interest to horse owners. There's a full line of each kind. The great variety and excellent quality desired. The workmanship is entirely handwork done by first-class mechanics. All our harness and saddles are made of fine oak tanned leather and are strictly up-to-date.

REPAIRING PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO

W. D. POTTER Manufacturer and dealer in Harness and Saddlery

READERS STORE—

YOU CAN SEE THE LARGEST

ASSORTMENT OF HARNESS

AND BLACK SADDLES

IN THE COUNTY.

THE BEST MEAL IN TOWN

Cooked by first-class connoisseurs and served daintily by attentive waiters. Open all night. Meals 25 cents.

EXCHANGE CAFE. C. M. LARIMORE, prop.

Opposite N. P. depot, next door to "Harry's Place."

CALL AND INSPECT

Our Large Assortment of

DRY GOODS,

Ladies' and Gents' Millinery

HATS AND CAPS, "7777! 7- 't T

All New Goods and

Carpets and Linoleums, Latest Styles.

And Staple and Fancy

GROCERIES.

F. B. SHEPLEY & CO.

IN THE NEW STORE.

FERNAND

Served Exclusively

to the Over Twenty One Million People admitted to

World's Fair

Leading Fine Coffee

of the World.

F. B. SHEPLEY & CO.

Leaders in Fancy and Staple groceries

A complete line of choice fruits constantly on hand in season.