Industrial News
Notes of the State
(Industrial News Bureau, The Manufacturer.)
Phoenix—29 lumber mills in state report a cut of 88,832,000 board feet in 1922.
Jerome—California Capital backing construction of cyanide mill at Verde Inspiration mine.
Phoenix—$462,000 contract awarded for construction of Prescott-White Spar highway through national forest.
Kingman—Gov. Hunt favors construction of bridge over Colorado river at Pierce’s Ferry.
Yuma—Five new cottages added to Fort Yuma Auto camp.
Phoenix—Total deposits in 52 state and 21 national banks of Arizona were $64,402,150.92 on September 4, 1923.
Classified Ads.
FOUND
FOUND—One Ford switch key. Owner may have same by describing it and paying for this ad. Inquire News office.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Organ. In good condition and cheap. Write or see MRS. T. D. WILLIAMS.
MY PROPERTY FOR SALE—$3000, $500 cash and pay me $35 a month until paid for, including interest. MRS. ANNIE VITALA, Isasi, Tampico, Mex. 9-29tc
MISCELLANEOUS
MARNEY COMMERCIAL SCHOOL—If you are interested in the Commercial Courses, write us for complete information regarding our courses, rates, etc. Tucson, Arizona. 9-8 Imo
TAXIDERMIST AND FURRIER—All branches of Taxidermy work and Fur Manufacturing accomplished. Live Gila monsters wanted. CHARLES L. EVANS, 1210 E. Van Buren, Phoenix, Ariz. 9-29 6tp
SEWING—Dressmaking, plain or fancy, re-modeled or made to order. Prices reasonable. MRS. P. WILSON, next door west of Bruegger’s. 9-29 4t
FOR RENT—Furnished Houses at reasonable rentals. See H. T. LYONS. Gibson Addition. 4-3 Otf

Clip
Here
(ACN Nov. 3, 1923)
NEW SUBSCRIPTION COUPON
Good for 50 cents on new subscription to Ajo Copper News at $2.50 a year, when properly signed and dated and presented or mailed within 30 days.
AJO COPPER NEWS, Ajo, Ariz.
Please enter my name for a subscription to your paper for one year commencing with the current issue. I am a new subscriber.
(Date)
(Signed) -
P. O. Box (Address) or Street and No.

Gila-Phoenix Stages
Leave Gila 7:45 P. M., Daily 10 mins. after arrival of 5:45 Motor bus from Ajo; Arrive Phoenix 11:30 P. M.
Leave Phoenix 12:00 Noon Daily; Arrive Gila 3:45 P. M.
CADILLAC CARS—“SAFE SERVICE” OUR MOTTO
Gila Office: Jake Miller’s Restaurant
Phoenix Office: 25 N. Second St.
Fare $3.00

AJO COPPER NEWS
Tucson Gas, Electric Light & Power Co. to make voluntary 20% reduction from present rate charged to Santa Cruz and Rillito valleys.
Wenden copper mine in Cunningham Pass to start high grade ore shipments December 1.
Tombstone—Approximately $150,000 to be spent for installation of machinery and development of Bonanza claims.
Yuma—Over 5000 sheep and 6000 head of cattle to fatten on Yuma lands this winter.
Oatman—Ore assaying from $50 to $6000 a ton opened in Jenkins property.
Yuma Gas, Light & Water Co. laying mains on First, Jones and Gila streets.
Safford—Mineral discovery in Graham mountains giving promise of being one of richest strikes in state.
Holbrook—Over 78 carloads of cattle and sheep shipped out of district during past week.
Yuma—4000 bales of cotton turned out of local gins to date with over 1000 bales handled last week.
Jerome—Verde Mines company installing additional machinery and making good progress in three-compartment shaft.
Holbrook—$50,000 appropriated for survey of Navajo Indian Reservation to permit issuance of oil prospecting permits.
Morenci—Mexican laborers being recruited in El Paso territory for local mines.
Pearce—Analysis of sugar beets grown in Sulphur Valley showing marvelous results.
Phoenix—Arizona gets $154,577.79 from United States Department of Agriculture as share of national forest receipts for fiscal year of 1923.
Piedra—Two sections of road on Phoenix-Yuma highway between here and Aztec to be constructed.
Silver Bell—Development of El Tiro property greatly increased under management of Calumet & Arizona Copper Co.
Phoenix—Pavement and gravel surfacing on many state roads included in new highway program.
Cherry—Well mineralized ground being opened in Blue Monster property.
Paradise—Ore averaging $50 a ton struck in Harris property.
Johnson—Development of Johnson copper mine to start in November.
Dragoon—500-ton mill being installed at Keystone mine, construction of 30-mile spur track completed.
Tombstone—Rock Bar mine, recently closed, to resume operations.
Miami—Louis D’Or Mining Company to start erection of 50-ton mill at once.
Wickenburg—Abe Lincoln copper mine being put into shape for organized production.
Hayden—New $35,000 school building being erected here.
Tucson—$35,000 addition to Physician’s building being erected.

CRUDE OIL AT SONOYTA—From people who have come from Sonoyta, our neighboring city just across the Mexican line south of here, recently we learn that oil has been discovered near that town. Up the Rio Sonoyta, on the Caborca road, east of that town, about 4 miles from where the big springs are, a well was dug a short distance south on the prairie and water found at a depth of about 35 feet. In giving this water to the cattle it was found they would not drink it, and upon examination as to the reason, it was discovered that it contained good indications of crude oil.
Samples were sent to Los Angeles for analysis, and very encouraging reports were received in return. It is said the Grays, cattlemen near there are interested, and the well will be dug to 50 or 60 feet, and samples again sent to L. A., and if good returns are still received a drill will be used to explore the land to a good depth. A company is ready to be organized in case good returns are received from this deeper well.
We wish that Sonoyta has good luck on this discovery and that plenty of oil will be found to make it a big prosperous place.

OFFICE DOG
Hello Friends, Home—The father’s kingdom, the mother’s world, and the child’s paradise.
Dr. H. G. Wells says the millennium will be clothesless and Dr. Steinmetz says it will be spotless. That’s going to be hard on the dry cleaning business, but let us hope that they’ll still eat ice cream and drink carbonated water.
Every warm sunshiny day this time of the year is worth its weight in coal.
You have to pay real money to be cured of imaginary ills.
Dead men tell no tales—this applies everywhere except in a medical school.
“Take it from me, there are two kinds of women you can’t trust, those with bobbed hair and those without it.
If your motor is missing, be cheerful. Many find their entire car missing.
There is general suspicion that the “11” is the biggest part of an alibi.
The dangerous age for a woman: from the time she first sees a man until she dies.
Girls, it’s better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.
Advertisers should note that the mosquito which does a humming business is not satisfied with one insertion.
OUR PLATFORM, TO
This old world needs less war and war talk and more righteousness, Christian charity, chicken pie, and strawberry shortcake.—Toledo, Ohio Blade.
BOOZOGRAM
Illicit hooch may not kill you, but you'll never look the same.
The bigger the swig the swifter the stagger.
Modern whiskey is so mean it makes knockout drops seem like one half of one per cent stuff in comparison.
The post-mortem takes the place of a hangover following a wood alcohol spree.
The man who is a dumbell enough to drink blind-tiger booze is just the sport of a person who would attempt to finesse the deuce of something.
What we need is less policemen and more coroners.
To the average flapper a fellow is like a Ford—a rattling good thing and something to take you there and bring you back.
O—
'Buy Something Made of Copper'