4

LOCAL AND PERSONAL.
J. K. Vinton and family left Saturday afternoon on a motor trip to the coast, for their vacation. Mr. Vinton is assistant store manager of the Co-Op. store.

Miss Mary Kalil, daughter of the Clarkston merchant, is at home from Tempe, where she has been attending the state normal school. She is in the sophomore class.
E. Riley, store manager, New Cornelia Co-Operative Mercantile Co., accompanied J. K. Vinton and family to Sentinel by automobile, returning the same night on the 11:18 gas car. He was surprised at the immensity of the Gila irrigation proposition, a portion of which can be seen from the S. P. There are miles and miles of ditches on both sides of the Gila river, he says.

Miss Aurora Quiroz, book-keeper for the Palace Commercial Co., is enjoying a two weeks’ vacation with relatives at Sonoyta, Sonora, Mex., just across the line.
M. L. Moran has returned to Ajo. For the past two years he has been at Perth Amboy, N. J., in the employ of the Raritan Copper Works, copper refiners handling New Cornelia and other copper ores. His family, still in New Jersey, will join him soon.
Mrs. Kate Morgan has rented the Vincent house, recently vacated by Mrs. C. Gordon and daughter, Miss Hughena Gordon.

“Butch” Harmsen returned a few days ago from Maricopa county where he has been in the employ of the Arizona-Cave Creek Mining Co., A. S. Lewis general manager. The property is 35 miles northeast of Phoenix, and is being diamond drilled. The drill is now down 300 feet, ore having been struck at 200 feet. No report from the cores had been received when he left, but it was thought the values in copper would be shown satisfactory.
L. H. Booking will leave in a few days on his vacation. He will first visit in El Paso, then in Denver, after which he will go to Butte, Mont., to visit his brother, Charles Booking, manager of the Butte & Superior. Before returning to Ajo, he may also see Yellowstone Park.

Miss Mary Cooper, matron at the hospital, will leave Saturday for Mogollon, N. M., where a sister is seriously ill. Mrs. DuMoulin, sister of Miss Cooper, who was at Washington is now in Silver City.
Mrs. Miller has given up her lease on the Ajo Hotel and will occupy the Ajo Inn, which is her property. She will continue the dining room in the new place, and fit up for rent all the rooms she has there. Julius Levy has leased the Ajo Hotel from the owner, Dave Disque.

Mrs. Frank H. Smith of Gibson left on the 5:45 car Wednesday to spend the summer with her daughter, at Manhattan Beach, Cal.
Constable F. J. VanSiclen was operated on Thursday morning at the hospital for appendicitis.
Manager Paul Brooks of the Halstead Lumber Co. returned Monday morning from Los Angeles, where he visited his family. The baby, for the past few weeks in a hospital in that city, is somewhat better, the many friends of Mr. and Mrs. Brooks will be glad to learn, and has an excellent chance to pull through all right.
Renwick White, editor of The News, left Thursday for Los Angeles on a business trip.

New and second-hand oil stoves, furniture, etc., at Booth’s 6-5 Im

AJO COPPER NEWS

MORGENTHAU PLEADS
FOR HELPING HAND
IN THE NEAR EAST
Former Ambassador to Turkey
Says America Should Not Let
Armenian Allies Starve.

By HENRY MORGENTHAU.
Former Ambassador to Turkey and Leader in Near East Relief
If they were good enough to fight and die for us when we needed their help so sorely, they are good enough now to share some meager little crumbs from our plenty when they have nothing, when hundreds of thousands of them are homeless, unclad, foodless and threatened with extermination by their enemies and our own.

Not far from a million Christians have been murdered by their Turkish oppressors. Hungry, terror-stricken hundreds of thousands of refugees now look to the United States for succor.

Have Trust in America.
We cannot refuse. Next to their faith in God is their trust in the disinterested good will and generosity of the American people. They look to us as the human agency to extricate them from the frightful situation in which they have been left as a consequence of the war.

If we should fail to aid them, starvation and the winter's cold would go far to completing the work done by the unspeakable Turk.

I have not seen with my own eyes the misery in which the Armenians now exist. I have been spared that. But the reports which have been brought in by agents of the Near East Relief and by representatives of the Peace Conference paint a picture of wretchedness inconceivable to those who have not a first-hand impression of the savagery of the Mussulman.

Exiled From Home.
Since the beginning of the war the Turkish Armenians have been largely refugees from their homes. A simple agricultural people, they have been exiles from their farms, deprived of all opportunity to support themselves. Year by year their sufferings have increased. Now, a year after fighting has ceased, they are still living the life of nomads, able to continue to keep alive only by virtue of American philanthropy.

These homeless people—“filthy infidels” to the Turk—were good enough to exert their poor might on our behalf while the war was still in the balance. Atrocities of a half century had not so broken their spirit that they dared not fight for right and for democracy when justice was the issue. We accepted their aid then. Surely we shall not pass them by without compassion now.

The day has passed when any self-respecting man dares permit absorption in his own personal affairs to exclude consideration of his neighbor’s well-being. No honorable man can knowingly allow his neighbor to hunger or to go unclothed. The Christian peoples of the Near East are our neighbors. The money needed to relieve them can be spared without causing any man, woman or child in the United States to suffer.

Must Not Rest on Past.
In other years of our own free will we sent missionaries to Turkey. Our schools and colleges and hospitals have played a wonderful role in humanizing that dark spot in the world. Our ideas, our educational resources, our material equipment, have been leaven in the Near East. Because we have done well in times past we have this great opportunity for the present.

The Armenians have been treated as perhaps no people in history have been treated because they are the spiritual brothers of western races.

Will America help them? There can be but one answer. Their necessity is dire, but our power is great. We are wealthy. We are a member of the family of nations. Our brothers call us. Food, clothes, money, are immediately wanted. If ever unmerited suffering called for succor the plight of the Armenians should be heeded now. A few months more and it may be relief will be too late for those myriads whom only we can save. We shall not fail them.

MICKILSAYS

BOSS SAMS HEARD OF AMERICAN SHIP
IMMIGRANTS—ACCEPT
GIVEN THE VANUS CONSPIRATOR
ADS I
I want it Distinctly — —
UNDERSTOOD now if —
THE CONF “Muck” —
fours NICK(f)ETC) :—"
WAS NOT vUeiTftN

YOU DO S.
LETTERHEAD
PRINTING
on
BOND

DAVIS measures accurately for suits. See the new spring and summer samples.

BUILDING NOTES—
Mrs. C. Gordon is improving her residence by the addition of a large porch across the front and a 12x18 porch in the rear.
J. E. Leggett is building on the Morgan lot recently secured by him. When completed the dwelling house will have four rooms.
Mrs. Miller is repairing and improving the Ajo Inn.

“Music by Henry Ford”
“FOR SALE—One Ford car with piston rings; two rear wheels, one front spring; has no fenders, seat or plank; burns lots of gas; hard to crank; carburetor busted, half way through; engine missing; hits on two; three years old; four in the spring; has shock absorbers and everything; radiator busted, sure does leak; differentials dry; you can hear it squeak; ten spokes missing; front all bent; tires blown out; ain’t worth a cent; got lots of speed; will run like the deuce; burns either gas or tobacco juice; tires all off; been run on the rim. A dam good Ford for the shape it’s in.”—Ex.

On May 7 an intercollegiate airplane meet, the first of its kind, was opened at Mineola, N. Y. aviators from various colleges taking part in the races.

CHURCH DIRECTORY
Catholic
Mass every Sunday morning. First mass at 8 A. M., sermon in English; second mass at 9:30 A. M., sermon in Spanish.
Christian Science
Meetings at Oasis Theatre. Sunday service at 11 A. M. All are welcome.
Methodist Episcopal
Sunday school, 9:30 a.m., preaching 10:30 a.m. every Sunday and 7:30 p.m. Teachers’ meeting Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock. You are cordially invited. Rev. Dr. J. A. Lends, Pastor.

BUSINESS NOTICES
Shower baths, bath tubs, all kinds plumbing—at Booth’s. 6-5 Im
IF YOU HAVE A HOUSE to sell. See PHILLIPS at auto stand in front of postoffice—he pays cash 9-27 t

HOUSES FOR RENT
In Old and New Ajo, Gibson and Clarkston.
W. D. RANDLE
PUBLIC STENOGRAPHER
Mrs. Katherine McEuen.
3-12te adv.
We guarantee a fit. J. L. DAVIS, THE TAILOR.
WANT DEPARTMENT
Advertisements under this heading one and one-half (1 ½) cents per word per insertion. Minimum charge 25 cents.
FOR SALE

FOR SALE—Remington typewriter, single jack hammers and drills, household goods, two electric fans, good laying hens (young), small chickens, etc. W. E. McEuen 6-12 Itp
FOR SALE—Cheap, electric fan. Inquire Browne’s Shoe Shop. 6-12 tc
FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Houses in Ajo, Gibson and Clarkston. GEO. J. PHILLIPS at auto stand in front of postoffice
FOR RENT—Furnished or unfurnished two houses. See Chas. Luke at Palace Commercial Co. 6-12 tc