Page Eight

AJO COPPER NEWS
(PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY)
Renwick White.
Publisher
Subscription $2.00 per year in advance; two years in advance $3.50; six months $1.25; three months 65 cents. (The $2.00 rate applies only in case order is for at least a year in advance and any back subscription there may be due is paid in full to date of renewal at the rate of $2.50 per year).
Entered as second-class matter July 22, 1916, at the post office at Ajo, Arizona, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
If you haven’t heard the Juvenile brass band for some time, you should hear it now.
This band, under the leadership of Filiberto Quintero, a recent arrival, has improved wonderfully and is rapidly being whipped into shape—into a polished first-class band.
Prof. Quintero has worked faithfully and there are results to show for his work. But he is not satisfied yet, is the encouraging news. “Little by little,” he says. “It will be a good band by July Fourth.”
So Copper News thinks this is our opportunity. Give the band your moral (and if called upon) your financial support—if you agree with this estimate and want a first-class band at Ajo. Hear it—pay particular attention—and see if you do not agree with us.

CATTLE SHIPMENTS CONTINUE FROM AJO
The recent storm, though beneficial, did not furnish enough moisture to make it safe to keep cattle on the Ajo range between now and July, according to local cattlemen. Should there be other good rains soon, the local range would be O.K., but these are not assured and the stockmen do not care to take the risk.
Wm. Miller is shipping three cars today to Yuma, from his ranch, his brand being KW.
Previous shipments include three cars by Rube Daniels and Oscar Anderson; and six cars by Tom Childs.

OIL MAN—
E. M. Teters, of the Bowie-San Simon Oil syndicate, has returned from Los Angeles, motoring and being accompanied back by his wife. Quite a number of oil leases have been sold here.
Down to a depth of about 800 ft. the test well at Bowie has been idle the past week while awaiting a circulating pump for use in getting past the quicksands. Resumption is expected in a day or two.

DOUBLE WEDDING—
A double wedding occurred at the Catholic church this morning. Rev. F. A. Collymore uniting in marriage two couples, as follows:
Ysidro Barragan and Severina Rios,
Francisco Lozano and Pilar Grijalva.

GILA ROAD GOOD —
Those who have driven over the Gila highway since the rain report that it is in very good condition now.
The Maricopa road gang, immediately after the storm, proceeded to drag every foot of the road. Another rain would make it possible to still further improve the road.

BIG SHOT—
A big shot put in at the steam shovel pit Tuesday morning for the purpose of razing the old experimental plant shook up the entire camp. No damage was done beyond the breaking of a few window panes and a little plastering.
The new Catholic church stood the test, emerging without the slightest damage. It has what is declared to be the finest concrete foundation in the camp.
The severity of the shake was due to the fact that it was a surface shot. There has never been so great a shake here—and likely never will be again.
C. F. Weeks of the Sierra Pinta is in the city this week.

AJO COPPER NEWS

ARIZONA’S LARGEST BANKING INSTITUTION
THE VALLEY BANK
Capital and Surplus, $1,000,000: Deposits, $10,000,000
PRINCIPAL OFFICE, PHOENIX ARIZONA
Branch Banks at Ajo, Globe, Morenci, Clifton, Miami, Ray, Hayden, Safford, Winkelman and Glendale, Arizona.
ELEVEN BANKS—ONE SERVICE

Ed. Geare of Phoenix, connected with the Cornelia Fruit & Produce company of Ajo, Nick Lustig manager, was in Ajo on business the first of the week.
Among Ajoites in the Capital City this week was Dr. Combs.
Richard Ballas of the Ballas mine, in the Quijotoas, was in Ajo this week on business.
George C. Stephens was a business visitor in the camp this week from Quijotoa.
Ellis Malone, who has a branch barber shop at Gila, has returned from the main line. He drove over the new road all the way back, making the distance in 1 hr. and 45 mins.

Rev. F. A. Collymore has returned from a motor trip into Sonora. He went as far as Magdalena. The roads are not very good, he states. Mr. Bock is back in Ajo, so now Joe Rager will have a worthy opponent at checkers. Bock says Los Angeles is quiet so far as work is concerned, there being rather more idle men there than usual. He motored from the Coast.
J. A. Potter is the most recent possessor of a Buick, joining the rapidly increasing ranks of Ajo automobile owners. W. D. Randle reports the sale of four Buicks the past month.
Drs. David W. Gillick and Fred B. Bass of Sells were visitors in Ajo Monday.
Harry Anderson has returned from a visit to Nogales.

BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE CONTEST
Contest will close Tuesday, April 28.
—AMANDA GRISWOLD.

GIRL SCOUT MEETING—
At the Girl Scout meeting, which was held Wednesday, April 22, there were 28 girls present. There was one new member whose name is Edna McCullum.
There was a new patrol formed and Laverna Dirggars is the Patrol Leader of the following girls: Josephine Goodwin, Dana Pohle, Ida Malone, Wanda Huff and Chloma Martin.
The treasurer’s report was given. Mrs. Wilson gave a brief talk to the girls.
The girls who have passed their Tenderfoot tests received their Official registration cards. Ruth Lyke received her official commission as second lieutenant.
Next meeting will be held Wednesday, April 29, at 7:00 o’clock sharp at Mrs. Wilson’s. All girls from 10 to 18 are cordially invited.
RUTH OZANNE,
Scribe.

BOY SCOUT NOTES—
The regular meeting was held at the School ground April 24. Kelly Kalil and Odra Fink received their first class badge. Ralph Knowles gave a talk on first aid.
There is to be a dance in the plaza April 25.
CHARLES DENISON,
Eagle Scout Scribe,
Troop 1, Ajo.

MR. MERCHANT—
Reach them through the columns of The News. Circulation steadily increasing.

TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
LOST—Mexican silver pin. Return to Legion restaurant. Reward.

VARIETY THE SPICE OF A MEAL
Variety is our “stock in trade”—for breakfast, dinner and supper. Your choice of many things—well cooked and served—here. On dinner bill, choice of six entrees or six specials in the meat line—or short orders not on this bill—a wide variety to choose from at each meal.
Legion Restaurant.

“TOUCH-PIPE” A BIT OLD MAN
A “Cousin Jack” went to a photographer’s studio and asked the man in charge, “Ded ow take children’s likenesses?”
“Yes,” said the proprietor, “we do.”
“How much ded ee charge for en?”
“Twelve shilling a dozen,” said the proprietor.
“Aw thas et est et?” says the Cousin Jack. “Well thees hav Jta touch-pipe aw bit oald man. Jwe awnly got leben children so fur. I’ll come back next year.”

Subscribe for The News

BACON SHOE
With the beauty of a Follies girl and the rugged endurance of an athlete * * *
The Parkway $10
—FOR SALE BY—
New Cornelia Co-Op. Store Co., Ajo, Ariz.