AMS)4Pl(
' 111'i.M'?'.-11) '!llWlW''lWl''l'i'''1
AKRON DAILY DEMOCRAT. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1901

S. & C.'s Prornora
Figs, Figal Figs Two lbs now
crop figs, for 10c. Less thin the
price of many standard fruits. Figs
have medicinal properties as well
as delicious eating. Consumption
has been restricted on account of
high prices. 6c per lb. overcomes
this feature. Plenty to go round
SCHUMACHER & GAMBETT
104 S. Howard st.
People's Phone only, 526.

Grand Opera House
THURSDAY, FEB. 28th
The funniest of the funny,
HELLO
BILL
By Willis Maxwell Goodhue
You'll Laugh Till You Cry.
An 18-knot comedy full of laughter,
and as sparkling as a diamond.
Prices 50c, 75c, $1.00.
Grand Opera House
Saturday Evening, March 2
Magnificent new production of
FANCHON THE CRUSADER
By Charles H. Hoyt.
Company of 40 people, including
Mary Marble, John W. Dunn and Little
Chip and Grace sisters
Fanchonetti.
Military Band and Opera Orchestra, Teeming with Specialties
and Brilliant Musical Numbers. A
Brand New Production. New Ideas.
New Features. New Costumes. New
Dialogue.
Prices 25c, 50c, 75c and $1.00.
Dr. F. M. Caesar,
DENTIST.
8:30 to 11:30 a. m.; 1 to 5 p. m.
422 Hamilton Building
People's Phone 341. Akron, O.
J. K. WILLIAMS
Machine Shop and Foundry
POTTERY MACHINERY, RUBBER
MOULDS AND DIES.
General machine, and foundry work.
Skates sharpened.
F. H. F. MAILLEZEF
ELECTRICAL CONTRACTOR,
Formerly of the Everett Building, is
now located at 238 S. Howard St., and
can handle his increased business
better than ever.
Everything In the Electrical line. Elevator Repairing. Call and see me.
IMC CAFE
Business Men's Restaurant.
Meals served at all hours. Fine Imported and domestic Wines Goods and
Cigars. Under Central Savings Bank.
John Koatfer, Prop.
Why Not Remain at Home?
You have one of the most complete
Photo-Engraving Establishments in
the country at your own door.
S. and C. ENGRAVING CO.
705 North Main St.
THE GREATER AKRON
5c Cigar
H. & S. Arrived
And will be for sale by all dealers.
Try it if you want a good smoke.
H. FERBST
Distributor.
115 S. Howard St., Arcade Building
Both Phones 515.
The Dickson Transfer Co.
Coal, Transfer and Livery.
Packing, Moving and Storing of Goods,
Conches, Coupes and Garri03os for funerals,
wedding parties and callings.
123 and 125 Carroll St. Tel. 306
O. ELLIS
Moving Vans, General Teaming and Transferring, parcels
and Trunks delivered. Trusty and sound Stable.
Office and Stable, 228-230 W. Market St.
Both Telephones No. 237.
Growers of Wine
Catawba- Pure, Catawba A, Port,
Sweet, Ives' Seedling
Always on hand. All orders promptly
filled. Special attention given to mail
orders.
Schaedler & Rheln, Kellys Island, O
DEMOCRATS:
Attend your
PRIMARIES
From 4 to 8 p. m.

BOND BUYERS
Visited Akron Wednesday
And Inspected N. O. T. Property
Special Dinner at the Inn.
A special A., B. & O. car, in which
were Cleveland and Pittsburgh bond
buyers, came from Cleveland to Ak
ron, Wednesday. Among the party
were Messrs. Hayes and Tone, of
Pittsburgh, and Messrs. Hayden and
Walker, of Cleveland.
The purpose of their visit here was
to look over the property of the N.
O. T. Co., of whose bonds they have
purchased liberally. They expressed
themselves as well pleased with the
appearance of the property.
At Akron, the gentlemen were
joined by Manager H. E. Bellsteln
and Secretary C. F. Moore, of the
N. O. T. Co., and the party went
to Barberton in one of the N. O. T.
cars.
A special dinner was served to the
party at the Inn.
Remaining in the Akron post office
for the week ending Feb. 27. One cent
will be charged on all letters delivered
after being advertised. Tell the
clerk that the letter you wish was
advertised.
GENTLEMEN.
Armstrong, Jay C. Messman, C. H.
Armitage, Robert McGraw, Dell
Baade, W. C. Morrow, John
Conkey & Co. McMahan, John
Chaney, A. D. (2) Miller, William
Corti, Leonard Messmer, Win.
Cadmus, Rev. W. Palmer, Geo. S.
Fryman, A. J. Pullen, J. O. (2)
Fischer, O. A. Phearson, Col. J.
Gallagher, Jean Richardson, C. S.
Gearty, Robert Robinson, J. W.
Hoffman, Henry F. Sinton, Fred
Hynes, Jack Smith, Elmore
Hall, Will Street, R. E.
Johnson, Leslie Shuck, Thomas
Jackson, Wra. Turner, Harry
Long & Alstutter Word, James J.
Lovette, Clyde Zimraer, John
Lynch, D. O. Webber, J. H.
Lentenberger, J. Way, W. J.
Meyer, Daniel Hoffman, Ben
McColl, C.
LADIES,
Armstrong, Effie Groll, Mrs. Wm.
Bissell, Lois Hasting, Mrs. M
Bissell, Mary R. Lasher, Maggie
Bounsted, Mrs. W. Michael, Anna
Chatfield, Mrs. D. McCormack, Elva
Cook, Mrs. Jennie Pugh, Nell D.
Ford, Mary Shroder, Miss Clara
Grace, Ellda Sober, Elizabeth V
Young, Mae
L. S. EBRIGHT, P. M.
SAME STORY.
Snow and the Railroads Still
Fighting Trains Late.
Heavy snows in the east have been
giving the railroads an unusual
amount of trouble lately. Time
schedules on some of the roads have
almost been abandoned. Trains are
arriving in Akron from the east have
been late and the snow is blamed for
most of the delay. East of Youngstown
the snow is said to be especially heavy. The Erie has experienced
considerable trouble with the snow,
but the delay in no case amounted to
more than a few minutes.
MARCH 14.
New Date of the Grand House
Warming.
Because the equipment will not be
in place so early as was expected the
firemen at No. 5 station have postponed the
house warming and dedication of the new engine house from
March 7 to March 14. This was done
at the request of Chief B. F. Mauderbach. Many tickets have been sold.
All will be good for the new date.
FINE PLACE.
Col. Hoye Will Make It In Myrtle
Place.
Col. M. W. Hoye has let the contract
for the remodeling of the old No. 3
engine house and the erection of an
addition thereto to make a 20-room
flat of the place. It is to be finely

TAKE
care of the pennies!
and the pounds
will take care
of themselves."
Large things
are but an aggregation of small
things. If we
take care of the small things we are in
effect taking care of the large things
which the small things combine to make.
That is the philosophy of the old financial proverb, and its application is as
broad as human life.
Take care of what you eat, when you
eat, and how you eat, and your stomach
will take care of itself. But who takes
care of such trivial things? That is
why, someday, the majority of people
have to take care of the stomach. When
that day comes, there is no aid so effective in undoing the results of past carelessness as Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery. It strengthens the stomach,
and restores the organs of digestion and
nutrition to a condition of healthy activity. It cures biliousness, heartburn,
flatulence, indigestion, palpitation, dizziness, cold extremities, and a score of
other ailments which are but the symptoms of disorder in the stomach and its
allied organs.
If you are sick you can consult Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y., by letter,
free of charge. Each letter is treated as
sacredly confidential, and an answer is
promptly sent in a plain envelope without printing or advertising upon it.
"I was troubled with very frequent headaches,
often accompanied by severe vomiting," writes
Miss Mary Utile Summerton, of San Diego,
Duval Co., Texas. "My bowels were irregular
and my stomach and liver seemed continually
out of order. Often I could eat almost nothing,
and sometimes absolutely nothing for twenty
four hours at a time. I was entirely unfit for
work, and my whole system seemed so run-down
that I feared a severe sick spell and was very
much discouraged.
I was advised to try Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and
found with such satisfactory
results that before finishing
the third bottle I felt perfectly able to undertake the duties attending public school life, and
contracted to do so. I most heartily advise those
suffering with indigestion, and its attendant
evils, to give this great medicine a fair trial."
Use only Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets
with "Golden Medical Discovery" when
a laxative is needed.
Finished and ready for occupancy May
23. Crisp & Son will do the masonry
work. Hunslacker Bros, the carpentry
and the Akron Plumbing &
Heating Co. the plumbing.
Millions of people are familiar with
DeWitt's Little Early Risers and those
who use them find them to be famous
little liver pills. Never gripe.

By an Expert Who Has Been Making an Examination of the Books of N. Laskaris
& Company.
The creditors of N. Laskaris & Co.,
have had an expert at work on the
books of the concern for the past
week. They claim that discoveries
have been made that will prove that
N. Laskaris derived much more than
his share of the profits.
To substantiate this claim a witness,
the examiner of the books, will testify
that during the 60 days preceding the
filing of the petition in bankruptcy,
Mr. Laskaris drew $4,807.21 out of the
business. The books will show that
on Jan. 5, he took $1,557 out of the
receipts, the same being charged
against his account. Dec. 20 there is
another entry of a
$1,130 made by Mr.
Laskaris.
He has filed
a claim for
labor
amounting to $1,683. Instead of the
concern being indebted to him it will
be claimed that he owes the business
$800. The expert will state that he
has found several mistakes, amounting to more than $2,000, in the books.
These errors are favorable to Mr. Laskaris. In a number of instances he
fails to credit the concern with large
sums which he has drawn. The creditors will object to the allowance of
his claim for labor on the grounds already stated.
After the verdict had been reported
at 9:43 o'clock, Thursday morning the
attorneys for the defendant asked
that the jury be polled. Every juror
answered in the affirmative to the question as to whether the verdict was
correct. Notice of a motion for a new
trial was given. It will be heard in
a few days.
It was 2:15 Wednesday afternoon
when the jury retired. It was 0:13 before an agreement had been reached
the jury being out 10 hours. The trial
has lasted 6 days, and more than 110
witnesses being examined. The costs
will aggregate $700 to $800.
The penalty for manslaughter is one
to twenty years imprisonment in the
penitentiary. On the first trial of the
charges Carr was convicted of murder
in the second degree.
ONE JUROR
Kept Jury From Agreeing For Hours Gideon
Carr Guilty of Manslaughter Costs
Aggregate $800.
Gideon Carr stands convicted of manslaughter.
The jury did not find that the death
of Sylvester Hull was premeditated or
willful yet it held that the defendant
was responsible for the same and that
he is criminally liable.
One juror held out for assault and
battery. From 0 o'clock Wednesday
night until 8:30 Thursday morning 11
of the jurors were for a verdict of
manslaughter, the other voting on
every ballot for assault and battery.
Finally he changed to the verdict that
was returned.
On the first ballot there were a number of jurors who voted to convict of
murder in the second degree. Others
were in favor of manslaughter and
one for assault and battery.

Snatched by Death
From Her Husband's Side
Sitting alone with her aged husband
beside their fireside at their home 222
East Exchange St., Wednesday evening,
Mrs. Rosette Ritzman, suddenly
gasped and died. Her husband sprang
to her side, and finding he could do
nothing to restore animation, summoned
aid. But the aged wife was past
earthly help. Dr. E. O. Leberman was

Dyspepsia Cure
Digests what you eat.
This preparation contains all of the
digestants and digests all kinds of
food. It gives instant relief and never
fails to cure. It allows you to eat all
the food you want. The most sensitive
stomachs can take it. By its use many
thousands of dyspeptics have been
cured after everything else failed. It
is unequalled for all stomach troubles.
It can't help
but do you good
Prepared only by H. O. Dowixr & Co., Chicago
The $1.00 bottle contains 24 times the 50c. size.
Of a Former Senator.
Wm. Maxwell Evarts Died Thursday
Morning.
New York, Feb. 28.-(Spl.)-Wm.
Maxwell Evarts, a former United
States Senator, and one of the foremost jurists in the country, died this
morning at 0:10 o'clock, at his home
here. He was 83 years old.
Death was caused by pneumonia.
Mr. Evarts graduated from Yale. He
was Beecher's lawyer in the celebrated
Beecher-Tilton case and was Secretary
of State until Hayes was chosen. Afterward he served with great distinction as Senator from New York.
Persons who can take ordinary pills
And it is a pleasure to take Dowitt's
Little Early Risers. They are the
best little liver pills ever made.
another entry of a
$1,130 made by Mr.
withdrawal
Laskaris.
He has filed
a claim for
labor
amounting to $1,683. Instead of the
concern being indebted to him it will
be claimed that he owes the business
$800. The expert will state that he
has found several mistakes, amounting to more than $2,000, in the books.
These errors are favorable to Mr. Laskaris. In a number of instances he
fails to credit the concern with large
sums which he has drawn. The creditors will object to the allowance of
his claim for labor on the grounds already stated.
After the verdict had been reported
at 9:43 o'clock, Thursday morning the
attorneys for the defendant asked
that the jury be polled. Every juror
answered in the affirmative to the question as to whether the verdict was
correct. Notice of a motion for a new
trial was given. It will be heard in
a few days.
It was 2:15 Wednesday afternoon
when the jury retired. It was 0:13 before an agreement had been reached
the jury being out 10 hours. The trial
has lasted 6 days, and more than 110
witnesses being examined. The costs
will aggregate $700 to $800.
The penalty for manslaughter is one
to twenty years imprisonment in the
penitentiary. On the first trial of the
charges Carr was convicted of murder
in the second degree.
called and found that death was due to
heart disease.
Mrs. Ritzman was 71 years old, the
wife of Mr. Caspar Ritzman and well
known among the German people.
Funeral services will be held from the
house at 1 p. m., and from the German Reformed Church at 1:30 p. m.,
Friday,

Persons!
with Social
V. M. Atterholt returned this worn
lug from a trip to New York.
O. Van den Stadt, representing the
Holland-American steamship line,
called on Akron agents today.
Mr. F. A. Harbaugh, Pharmacist, formerly with Kaufman Bros., has accepted
a position with Win. Warner at the
Gem Pharmacy.
J. W. Buslik, the assistant general
passenger agent of the Erie, and H.
O. Holabird, the company's general
agent in Cincinnati, are in Akron today. Mr. Wm. Hurkhart is recovering
from a severe illness with inflammatory
rheumatism and next week will probably go to Indiana for the mud baths
treatment.
Mr. and Mrs. Homer D. Bell, formerly of Center St., accompanied by
friends from New Castle, Pa., have
gone to Los Angeles, Cal., where Mr.
Bell has accepted a position as machinist. The Carrie Nation Pedro club played
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. E. E.
Frary, N. Summit st. Wednesday evening. Honors were won by Messrs.
E. Frary and C. Smith. The match
games which were to be played between the Carrie Nation club and the
Ojibway club tonight, were postponed
one week, on account of two members
of the Ojibway club being unable to
attend.
The pupils of Mrs. A. J. Fawcett
gave a recital last evening at her residence, 1051 East Exchange st. The
program was: "Oh, That We Two
Were Maying," Mrs. Geo. E. Warner
and Mr. Dan Myers; baritone solo,
"All Through the Night," Mr. T. Rapp;
soprano solo, "If This Be Loving,"
Miss Bessie Lyons; baritone solo,
"Holy City," Mrs. Geo. K. Wainer; baritone solo, "A Little Talk,"
Mr. T. Rapp. All the selections
were creditable to pupils and teachers.
None but the pupils and their immediate friends were present. Mrs.
Fawcett favored the company with
a selection. A dainty luncheon was
served.
MARRIED PEOPLE DANCED.
The Married People's 20th Century
club danced in 20th Century hall
Wednesday evening. A number of
new members have been admitted
making the total 50 couples. The club
will give a St. Patrick's day dance
one week from next Wednesday.
CHURCH SOCIAL.
The ladies of the Central Presbyterian
church gave a social at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Case,
Wednesday evening. Fifty guests
were present. Miss Kerwin, Mr. Walker and Miss Blocker participated in
the program. Lunch was served.
MUSICAL.
Friends were entertained Tuesday
evening at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
E. P. Otis, Adolph ave. A feature
of the occasion was the musicale.
Several numbers were sung by Mr.
Edwin H. Douglass, tenor, of Cleveland, and Mrs. E. P. Otis. Miss Mabel Goodwin, of Akron, an artist of
rare ability, played several selections
on the violin.
HEART PARTY.
Mrs. C. A. Hankey and Mrs. A. C.
Guth were hostesses at a card party
Wednesday afternoon. Fifty guests
were entertained at the home of Mrs.
Hankey, 600 East Market st. At six
o'clock a course dinner was served.
Mrs. Charles Bald was awarded the
light prize and Mrs. Hiram Kepler the
consolation, in the game of hearts.
A novel feature was introduced. A
watermelon boy was placed on the
wall. The guests were blindfolded
and each attempted to place a piece
of paper representing the tongue in the
proper place. Miss Jennie Pangburn,
was the most successful. Mrs. Adam
Good missed it by the greatest distance. Each received a prize.
RED, WHITE AND BLUE SOCIAL.
The ladies of the First Congregational
church gave a red, white and
blue social in the Sunday school rooms
Wednesday evening. Early in the
evening suppers were served. The
tables were decorated with the national colors which were also displayed at convenient places about the
room. The supper was followed by a
program which consisted of the following numbers: Piano duet, "Dance
of the Demons" by Edward Hoist,
Misses Blanche Hanchaid and Martha
Dague; solo, Mr. E. A. Upham; recitation, by Paul Lawrence Dunbar,
Miss Mary Dague; song, "Dear Little
Man," by Philip Wingate, Miss Ivy
Merrill; violin solo, Mabel Goodwin;
recitation and vocal solo. Master
Whittington.
NEW CARS
For the B. & O. Pass Through
Here For Chicago.
Day after day, the new equipment
for the B. & O., is being distributed
over the great system. The new passenger cars, several of which have gone
through Akron in the last few days
for Chicago, occasion many compliments for their beauty and convenience. The new color of the cars
is olive green. The new cars are vestibulated, mounted on six wheel trucks
and are models of up-to-date ideas for
railroad stock. For local use, none

of the new equipment has made it appear, as yet
A powerful engine cannot be run
with a weak boiler, and we can't
keep up the strain of an active life
with a weak stomach; neither can we
stop the human machine to make
repairs. If the stomach cannot digest
enough food to keep the body strong,
such a preparation as Kodol Dyspepsia
Cure should be used. It digests what
you eat and it simply can't help but
do you good.
BANK ROBBERS
Still Linger In Ohio At Eden
Wednesday Night.
Bryan, O., Feb. 28.-(Spl.)-Burglars
attempted to blow open the safe of
the bank at Eden, last night. They
were seen by the night watchman and
retreated, opening fire which was returned by the watchman. The burglars escaped and bullets did no harm.
Judgment For Plaintiff.
In Justice Hoffman's court, Wednesday afternoon, the jury in the case
of the Campbell Preserve Co., of
Camden, N. J., vs the Caruthers Preserving Co., of this city, for collection
of $50, gave the plaintiff judgment
for $50.
When a man low in vitality,
either through overwork or youthful indiscretions,
he is robbed of all interest in things, and soon becomes as lifeless mentally as he is physically. If
you have been addicted to youthful follies which are
telling on you, your only protection is to properly
treat yourself before it is too late. BAR-BEN is
curing thousands easily, quickly. The most complicated and aggravated of cases in both men and
women, heretofore considered incurable, yield almost instantly to the wonderful curative properties,
of this great remedy.
BAR-BEN creates solid flesh, muscle and
STRENGTH, clears the brain, makes the blood
pure and rich, and causes a general feeling of
health, power and renewed vitality, while the
internal organs are helped to regain their normal
power, and the sufferer is quickly made conscious
of direct benefit. One box will work wonders, six
should perfect a cure, fit) et. A BOX) 6 boxes,
$1.50. For sale by druggists everywhere, or mailed
sealed, on receipt of price. Address
The Bar Ben Remedies Co., 201-203
The Arcade, Cleveland, O.