MORNING

JOURNAL.
CITY
EDITION
CITY
EDITION
FORTY-EIGHTH YEAR.
VOL. CLXV. NO. 80.
Sixteen Pages
Albuquerque, New Mexico, Sunday, June 20, 1920.
Sixteen Pages
Belly
Fry with a Mall, Ska Moata
Single Coatee, M

PRESIDENT'S
ATTITUDE ON
LEAGUE OF NATIONS

BEE
Cummings Says National
Democratic Convention
Will Adopt a Plank Backing Up Wilson's Course.
G. O. P. is Charged
With Untruthfulness
Stand Taken By Republicans
Was Dishonest, Chairman
Claims: Director of Mint
To Support Palmer.
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
San Francisco, Calif., June 19.
Homer S. Cummings, chairman of
the Democratic National Committee,
declared today that the Democratic
platform would endorse President
Wilson's course regarding the
League of Nations by adopting the
League plank incorporated in the
Virginia platform, which the president
already has approved.
This plank was drawn by Senator
Carter Glass, who is being named in some quarters as the
convention's probable nominee.
The president, Mr. Cummings
said, at all times had agreed to any
suggestions that would expand or
develop the League provisions, and
his reason for opposition to some
proposed reservations was that
they vitiated the document.
"The stand of the Republican
party on the League was a dishonest
statement," Mr. Cummings said.
"A premeditated and calculated attempt to satisfy irreconcilables. At
no point did it suggest ratification
of the League treaty. It was made
up of vague promises of some other
kind of League. I feel that the
Republican position will not deceive
anyone."
Mr. Cummings also declared that
while the Republican convention
had not disposed of the issue, the
party candidate himself already
had voted for a League with reservations.
Concerning Herbert Hoover's
statement that he was in accord
with Senator Harding's candidacy,
Mr. Cummings said that was a matter Mr. Hoover would have to
fight out with his own conscience.
"I consider it a rather sad episode
in American politics," he
added.
Full hearings on all campaign
issues will be held by the resolutions
committee, it was announced today.
Ray T. Baker, director of the
mint, and a close friend and supporter of William Q. McAdoo, announced today that he would support Attorney General Palmer, now
that his first choice had withdrawn from the Democratic race.
His announcement was made after
receipt of a telegram from Mr. Mc
Adoo saying he would not be a
candidate for the nomination.
DEMPSEY AND MISKE
MAY SIGN ARTICLES
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Chicago, June 19. Representatives
of Jack Dempsey, world's
heavyweight boxing champion, and
Billy Miske, of St. Paul, conferred
here today with the view of arranging a match in St. Paul on Labor
day. According to Barney Lichenstein,
who represented Dempsey,
Jack Reddy, manager of Miske, and
promoter of the proposed match,
offered fifty thousand dollars as
Dempsey's end. Lichenstein said
Jack Kearns, manager of Dempsey,
had approved this amount as a
guarantee, but wanted the privilege
of taking fifty per cent of the
receipts. Reddy left tonight for St.
Paul.
NEGROES ARE GRANTED
A STAY OF EXECUTION
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Little Rock, Ark., June 19.
Governor Brough today granted a
thirty days' stay of execution to the
six negroes, who for the second
time were convicted of having participated in the race riots at Elaine
last fall. The stay was granted to
enable the negroes' attorneys to
perfect appeals to the state supreme
court, the governor announced.
WEATHER
FORECAST.
Denver, Colo., June 19. New
Mexico: Sunday and Monday fair
except unsettled east of mountains,
little change in temperature.
Arizona: Sunday and Monday
fair; little change in temperature.
LOCAL BULLETIN.
Conditions for the twenty-four
hours ended at 8 p. m. yesterday,
recorded by the university:
Highest temperature 86
Lowest 61
Range 25
Mean 70
Humidity at 6 a. m. 68
Humidity at 6 p. m. 14
Precipitation None
Maximum wind velocity 44
Direction of wind Northwest
Character of day Clear
ROAD CONDITIONS.
Furnished by Butler Auto Company.
Road south to Socorro and El
Paso and west to the coast via
Isleta, Los Lunas and Belen, in
good condition, without detours at
any point. Roads north and east
good. Jemez Springs and Cuba
road good. Road on east side of
river to Isleta not in travelable
condition on account of gully washouts.

ENDORSED

NATIONS LEAGUE
IS ENDORSED BY
FEDERATION AT
MONTREAL MEET
Workingmen at Annual Convention Favor Ratification
of the Versailles Treaty
Without Reservations,
ACTION TAKEN AFTER
ACRIMONIOUS DEBATE

Irish Sympathizers, Supported By Progressive Wing,
Make a Hot Fight to Prevent Favorable Action,
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Montreal, June 19. The American
Federation of Labor adjourned
its annual convention here tonight
endorsing the League of Nations
without reservation.
The closing of the two weeks'
convention was a stormy one. Irish
sympathizers, supported by the
progressive wing of the federation,
opposed the movement to endorse
the League and throughout the debate on the
question, President Samuel Gompers had difficulty in maintaining order. This gave rise
to a scene of confusion in his efforts to quiet the
proceedings.
Mr. Gompers and the executive
committee will immediately put in operation the
program framed by the convention.
The first move, it was said, will be
launched against the Democratic
national convention in obtaining incorporation of the federation's program in the party platform. They
will urge also that the non-partisan political policy, which
was unanimously approved by the
convention, be carried out.
Labor's program as outlined by
the convention demands:
Ratification of the peace treaty.
Government ownership with
democratic operation of railroads.
Curb on profiteering and high
cost of living.
Jailing of food and housing
profiteers.
Right to strike and abolition of
compulsory arbitration and anti
strike legislation.
Hands off in Mexico by the
United States government.
Endorsement of the Irish republic.
Right of collective bargaining.
Advance of wages wherever necessary to maintain the American
standard of living.
Shorter work day, if necessary,
to prevent unemployment.
The League of Nations issue arose
shortly before adjournment. Its
opponents were unable to gather
sufficient votes for a roll call and
a number of Irish sympathizers
rushed to the floor and demanded
that their votes be recorded as "no"
in the records.
President Gompers was
compelled to take the floor in support
of the League when it became apparent that the delegates were
swinging to the opposition.
Members of the executive council made emphatic appeals in behalf of the covenant.
The report of the committee on
international relations which was
adopted, declared that to reject
the League would be "endorsing the
policy of greed, hatred and brutal
war as the rule that guides in the
settlement of relations between nations."
FRISE, ALLEGED
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
San Francisco, June 19. A
denial of the charges filed with the
state department at Washington
that Most Rev. Daniel D. Mannix,
Catholic archbishop of Melbourne,
Australia, who is visiting this
country, failed to stand while the
band of the steamer Ventura played
"The Star Spangled Banner" in Honolulu harbor, was issued by the
California state branch of the
Friends of Irish Freedom here to
"with the approval and cooperation of Dr. Mannix."
The statement said:
"The evidence will show that
when 'The Star Spangled Banner'
was played Dr. Mannix and his
party arose. They did not know the words of the anthem and
could not join in the singing. When
the British anthem, 'God Save the
King,' was played Dr. Mannix and
his party refused to arise. Dr.
Mannix is a native of Ireland.
"On another occasion aboard the
band played 'America,' which carries the same air as 'God Save the
King.' Dr. Mannix, believing that
the British anthem was being played, several passengers were
voicing the words remained
seated."
JUNIOR VARSITY RACE
IS WON BY CORNELL
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Ithaca, N. Y., June 19. The
junior varsity race was won by
Cornell; second, Syracuse; third,
Pennsylvania; fourth, Columbia.
Time: Cornell, 10:45 6/5; Syracuse,
10:63; Pennsylvania, 11:14 4/5;
Columbia, 11:17.
Cornell also won the freshman
race, the first event of the inter
collegiate regatta here today by
four lengths. Syracuse finished a
length ahead of Pennsylvania, with
Columbia one length behind Pennsylvania. Time: Cornell, 10:45 6/5;
Syracuse, 11:01 4/5; Pennsylvania,
11:14 1/5; Columbia, 11:18 1/5.

CHARGES LODGED
AGAINST MANNIX

THIS IS THE SEASON OF
ON WHERE HE

I"- ,
, SV, CAN YOU STOP
gPffl ' , l, y J n- A MINUTE FOR. I

X 1 don't be ever CAM
STOP FOR IT TWAS ttAR, hJ f CjJW
SALLY WHAT WITH 0 Jj
HIRED MEN THE W0T?LTJ JrCsl

NAVY IS NOT TO
SEIZE FUEL OIL
ADMIRAL STATES
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Los Angeles, Calif., June 19.
"Nonsense," was the term applied
today by Admiral Hugh Rodman,
commander of the Pacific fleet, to
the allegation that the United
States navy had threatened to
land marines at Los Angeles harbor and seize fuel oil from the
plant of the General Petroleum
company unless the company
would sell oil to the navy at the
navy department's price.
It was announced that Commander
Henry Do S. Mel, supply
officer of the fleet, and Admiral
Spencer Wood, were today attending to legal matters resulting from
the temporary order issued yesterday by Judge B. F. Bledsoe, in the
United States district court, and
returnable Monday, restraining
Commander Mel from taking the
oil.
"The navy wants to cooperate
with business interests," said the
admiral, "and some oil companies
have been very fine in cooperating
with the navy. But the navy must
have oil. The price is outside my
jurisdiction. That is a matter for
Washington. The official price of
$1.11 a barrel is a hangover from
war time. Proper compensation
will be made after delivery. We
have no intention whatever of
using force to obtain a supply for
the navy."
Other officers of the fleet
declared certain oil companies were
"anxious to be forced to sell to the
navy so as to get out of keeping
private contracts, made many
months ago, and on which they
were losing money."
They said some companies had
asked for letters to show the navy
had "forced them to sell."
NATIONAL GUARDSMEN
GUARD DULUTH JAIL
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Duluth, Minn., June 19. Squads
of national guardsmen marched up
and down streets in the vicinity of
St. Louis county Jail tonight prepared to resist an attack on the jail
where fourteen negroes are being
held, thirteen of them in connection
with an attack upon a white girl.
The troops kept crowds from
congregating and officials were
confident that the presence of the
soldiers would serve to frustrate
the reported plot to raid the jail
tonight and obtain the negroes.
SUNDAY
CARL C.

MILE AUTO

RACE IS WON BY

MILTON
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Wilmotown, Pa., June 19. The
225-mile Universal trophy automobile race at the speedway here
today was won by Tommy Milton,
who averaged 94.9 miles an hour.
His official time was 2:22:44.37.
Only a few minutes separated
the winner and the drivers who
finished second and third. Jimmy
Murphy crossed the line in
2:23:27.98 while Eddie O'Donnell,
who was third, made time of
2:26:44.45.
Wade Morton of Philadelphia,
driving in place of Willie Haupt,
and his mechanician, Arthur
Kemps, met with an accident on
the 118th lap when a tire blew out
and caused their machine to topple
and roll down the track. Attending
physicians said Morton and
Kemps were not injured seriously.
Milton, who won a prize today
of $5,000, also won the Universal
trophy for the second time. The
trophy will be awarded to the
driver who wins it three times.
Ralph De Palma had a position
with the leaders early in the race
but he was forced out of the race
on the 122nd lap because of a
broken valve. Gaston Chevrolet
and Roscoe Searles dropped out
shortly after the 100th lap, due to
engine trouble.
I. P. Fetterman took fourth
place, Ralph Mulford fifth. Benny
Hill, sixth, and Joe Thomas,
seventh.

SERMONETTE

MAGIC.

It is essential to success in life that others have
faith in us. Permanent faith in us can only come
if deserved.
If our banker loses faith in our integrity and
truthfulness our credit is destroyed. If our employer
loses faith in our dependability, we are useless to
him. If our husbands or wives lose faith in our
fidelity, the happiness of the home is destroyed.
We must build our own faith around the great,
eternal principles of living. Truth, honor, fidelity,
unselfishness must be the great principles we believe in and trust to lead us to success and happiness.
Faith leads us on. It leads us in the direction of
that faith. Our destiny here and hereafter will,
therefore, depend upon that in which we have faith.
We materialize in our lives the ideals in which
we have faith. How important, then, that these
ideals be high and worthy.
Now we see what Paul meant when he said,
"Faith is the substance of things hoped for; the evidence of things not seen."
Faith is a thing of the heart. But it must be
guided by the head. Reason tells us that our faith
must be in God and in the great fundamental un
changing laws of being which He has laid down.

C. C. TAKES

DRASTIC ACTION
FOR RELIEF OF
MORTGAGE
Coal Consigned for Reshipment by Water to Destinations Within U. S.- Must
Be Given Preference,
EMERGENCY DEMANDS
IMMEDIATE ACTION
Railroads East of Mississippi Also Ordered to Furnish
Mines With Coal Cars;
May Embargo Exports,
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Washington, June 19. Drastic
action for the relief of the fuel
shortage in New England and other sections of the country was taken by the Interstate Commerce
commission tonight in the issuance
of preference and priority orders to
the railroads for the transportation
of bituminous coal to tidewater for
trans-shipment by water to destinations within the United States.
Stating that "an emergency exists which requires immediate action," the commission ordered all
railroads in the eastern and southern territories to give preference
and priority to carloads of coal consigned for shipment by water to
New England or any other domestic destination, "until the further
order of the commission." The order is effective next Thursday.
The commission simultaneously
ordered all roads east of the Mississippi river serving coal mines to
furnish the mines with coal cars in
preference to any other use for a
period of thirty days beginning
Monday.
A virtual embargo on the export
of coal is expected to result from
the commission's orders, because
railroad men assert the agents appointed for the direction of coal
shipments cannot issue permits for
the movement of coal for foreign
destination unless it can be shown
that the preferences and priorities
directed will not be impeded. At
least thirty days will be necessary
to care for domestic wants, it is
said, provided congestion is overcome to a point permitting rapid
coal movement.
BIG CROWD WITNESSES
TENNIS WHEN JOHNSON
BEATS PHILADELPHIAN
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
London, June 19. A fine exhibition of tennis was witnessed at
the Queen's club today when William M. Johnston, of San Francisco, American champion, and William T. Tilden, of Philadelphia, met
in the finals for the London championship. A tremendous crowd
gathered to witness the contest,
which Johnston won in magnificent
style. His playing, according to the
experts, was far in advance of
anything ever witnessed in this
country. It took three sets to decide the championship, Tilden winning the first by brilliant plays.
As was expected, Johnston and
Tilden captured the doubles title
comfortably from R. Norris
Williams and C. S. Garland, also Americans.
ASK BURIAL OF BODY
ALREADY CREMATED
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Cheyenne, Wyo., June 19. Court
action on the part of administrators
of the estate of Leopoli Kabis to
compel proper burial of the remains of the deceased, presented a
judicial puzzle today when the
widow filed an answer to the petition of the administrators, saying
the ashes of her dead husband had
been scattered to the winds of Wyoming and lie in the dust of the
prairies.
The petition was filed by Emile
Richardson and A. D. Johnston,
administrators, because after one
year there is no tombstone to mark
the final resting place of the oldest
Odd Fellow in the United States.
Judge William C. Mentzer took
the matter under advisement.

MISSOURI WILL

DOOM

CLARK FOR
THE PRESIDENCY
Congressman From Ninth
District Will Be Placed in
Nomination Says a Delegate From Missouri.
WHS rw. mr . I
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Montgomery City, Mo., June 19.
Congressman Champ Clark,
the Ninth Missouri district, will be
placed in nomination for president
at the Democratic national convention
mark of Madison.
Hon. it was announced here today.
This announcement was made by
Judge Emil P. Kosenberger, delegate to the convention from the
Ninth district, before leaving his
home here for San Francisco.
In the event Clark's name is not
presented before the Missouri delegation is reached, Judge Kosenberger asserted he would place the
former speaker in nomination.
Clark made an unsuccessful race
for the nomination in 1912.
The refusal of William O. Mc
Adoo to enter the race and the
"ever growing sentiment for
Clark," makes Clark the ideal candidate, the Judge declared.
Clark, who has represented the
Ninth district in congress for twenty-six
years, so far has refused to
enter the race formally.
News of the World
in Condensed Form
For Busy Readers
VI.-IV VOLUME 18 NUMBER 19
load of allnis lisUl ns niKlwIrnblc
and miscellaneous rwt-nuy items
from Oregon, Washington, Illinois, worn (UixirUil u outgo
Ins vchhcIh iH'ro today. About forty
noiM fmni the siunc territory are
to irn next week, it vt'tm nUittil at
Kills iMlunil.
RST ORANGK. X. .1., June 18
A "Imrti foot children" movement vtiiH started hero today bv
ChilrlCH H. Steele, a New York insurance broker, who lwlw to bring
down the priup of Hhoett. Dr. Kil
win ( lirooine, HuiN'iiiitenileit of
schools, wild luu favored the plan.
lMMHlX. Holland, June 10. M.
IVrebnoiii, private secretary to the
foniK-r emiKTor, awnircd tlm As
WM'Inted Tret! thin nuirnlr Ihat
no attack Imd tccn made on V.'ll
liani of Jloliriizollem, drwpne per
H'Hteiit riiiiiorn that such nn at
tack was made at 5 o'clock on
Wodiiestlnjr afternoon,
HKHXF,' Swltrl!ind, June 19.
The railway strike in northern
Italy is extending and Switzerland
is completely cut off from Italy.
SANTIAGO, Chile, June 19.
The new cabinet which was formed
early this week has already fallen.
It resigned before it had invested
itself to the chamber of deputies.
ILKATRICK, Neb., June 19. A
disease, diagnosed by state officials
as anthrax, during the past week
has caused the death of $2,004)
worth of livestock,
NI'W YORK, June 10. A Paris
dispatch given out by the Jewish
correspondence bureau here today
says authoritative information has
been received that the thirteen
Zionist leaders recently arrested by
the Soviet government while attending a congress in Moscow, have
all been released.
WASHINGTON, June 19. Secretary
Hull left tonight for San
Francisco to attend the Democratic
national convention. Andrew J. Soc
ih mry ItonHfvelt will leave New
York tonight as a delegate from
that state.
CHICAGO, June 19. John M.
Larson and C. V. Redtfen, who left
New York yesterday in a seven
passenger all-metal airplane to fly
to Omaha to attend a wedding
June 21st, landed here about
o'clock tonight. They left Buffalo
at 5 o'clock. They expect to
resume their trip either tomorrow or
Monday and after visiting in
Omaha a few days will fly back to
New York.
HOOSIER CAPITAL TO
ENTERTAIN G. A. R.
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Columbus, O., June 19. Indianapolis will be the scene of this
year's Grand Army of the Republic annual encampment. Instead of
Atlantic City, which was selected
last fall when the encampment was
held in Columbus. This decision
was reached today at a meeting of
the general executive committee
here.
The fact that sufficient funds
could not be secured from the New
Jersey legislature is said to have
been one of the main reasons for
changing the place of the father-
land.
SAYING, REPORT
G. O. P. Presidential Nominee Has Abandoned All
His Plans for a Vacation
At Some Seaside Resort.
MANY ASSURANCES OF
SUPPORT REACH HIM
Conferences Are Held With
Many Notables, and Meetings With Progressives
Have Been Arranged For
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Washington, June 19. Abandoning plans for a vacation at a seaside resort; Senator Harding, Republican presidential nominee, today decided to remain in Washington until the middle of July;
when he will go to his Marion, O., home for the formal notification
ceremonies.
Immediately on announcing his
decision to forego a rest, the nominee began a series of conferences
with party leaders which will continue throughout the preparation
of his acceptance address.
Assurances of support were received during the day by Mr. Harding from Senator Poindexter of
Washington, who contended with
him for the nomination at Chicago;
from Governor Allen of Kansas,
who placed the name of Major
General Wood before the Chicago
convention and who himself was
put before the convention as a candidate for the vice presidential
nomination; from A. P. Moore,
publisher of the Pittsburgh Leader
and from John C. Shaffer, publisher of the Chicago Evening Post,
the Rocky Mountain News and
several western newspapers.
Poindexter's Statement.
Senator Poindexter issued a formal statement tonight saying that
Senator Harding and Governor
Coolidge presented a "typically
American ticket," for the election,
of which he expected to do all that
he could. Governor Allen in a letter to Senator Harding said:
"It will be a pleasure to do anything
I can at any time to further
the cause of your election."
After calling on Mr. Harding,
Mr. Moore said he could not be a
very good American and not "be
for him." He added that while he
was not authorized to speak for
Senator Johnson of California, who
was a rival of Senator Harding in
the nomination contest, he could
say that the California senator was
"100 per cent American, from
which you can draw your own conclusions."
Conferences between Senator
Harding and former Senator Beveridge of Indiana, Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., and other men prominent
in the "progressive wing" of the
party were arranged today, largely,
it was said, through the efforts of
Mr. Moore and Mr. Shaffer, both,
of whom were leaders in the progressive party of 1912.
Harding and Weeks Confer.
In addition to seeing the two
publishers, Mr. Harding held a
lengthy conference today with former Senator Weeks of Massachusetts. It also became known that,
the nominee had conferred at his
home last night with Chairman
Hays of the Republican national
committee, and Harry M. Daugherty, his pre-convention campaign
manager. Mr. Harding, however,
characterized the conference with
Mr. Hays as informal and preliminary. Mr. Harding had lunch with
Samuel Adams of Charlottesville,
Va. who was an avowed candidate
for the Republican nomination for
vice president at last week's convention; Edwin A. Smith of Spokane, Wash., and J. W. Jarnigan
of Des Moines, at which problems
of American agriculture were discussed.
"We were unanimously convinced,
said Mr. Adams, who is an
apple grower, "of Senator Harding's thorough knowledge and sympathetic attitude toward the problems of the American farmer. We
feel sure that with his keen insight
into the difficulties confronting the agriculturists in this country most of the greater problems will be solved in the right way
under Senator Harding's administration. If he is elected, which we
expect."
3 GIRLS ARE INJURED
IN AN AUTO ACCIDENT
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
Colorado Springs, Colo., June 19.
Miss Mabel Gillings of Denver is
at the Glockner hospital with a
fractured skull and broken shoulder, critically ill, while two of her
companions, Ada Mahone and
Whabette Clark, also of Denver,
are painfully injured as the result
of an automobile accident late this
afternoon near Colorado Springs.
Miss Gillings was driving one mile
north of Breed, Colo., when a tire
blew out, the car skidding in the
road. The machine turned completely over and the driver was
pinned underneath. It is not
thought that she can live.
Through her friends Charlotte
Smith, Elisabeth Grotmak and
Pauline Palmer were in the car but
were not seriously injured.
HEAT PROSTRATIONS
AT SAN FRANCISCO
RV MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL TELEGRAM WIRE
San Francisco, June 19. Two
heat prostrations were reported
here today, the hottest June day in
more than eight years. The maximum temperature was 93.3 degrees.
Frank C. Kingsland, 60-year-old
mining engineer and promoter of
New York, one of the victims, was
taken to a hospital where his condition was described as serious.