THE ALBUQUERQUE MORNING JOURNAL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1911.

NOTABLES ADDRESS

UNITED HEBREW
CONGREGATIONS

ROOSEVELT, STRAUSS AND
GAYNOR AMONG SPEAKERS

Former President Praised as
Man More Than Any Other

Taught World Doctrine of

Square Deal to All Mankind.

FOES OF SHEEHAN IF DIAZ TROOPS ROOT

ALBANY PRESENT

UNBROKEN FRONT

DARK HORSE MAY BE

DEPEW'S SUCCESSOR

(By Morning Journal Special Leased Wire)

New York, Jan. 18. The delegates
to the twenty-second convention of the
Union of American Hebrew congregations
voted unanimously to
hold the next conference in Cincinnati
in 1913.
At the banquet tonight the delegates
and their guests listened to addresses by
Theodore Roosevelt, Mayor Gaynor, Dr. Hermann
Adler, Dr. Jacob H. Schiff, who also acted as toastmaster.
Governor Dix sent a telegram of greeting.
Colonel Roosevelt, the guest of
honor, was praised by the toastmaster as "a man who more than any other
American, living or dead, has taught
the world the lesson that equally
with any other citizen of this country, the Jew is entitled to the square
deal.
"More than that, he not only
preached theories, he turned them
into actualities and called one of our
co-religionists into the cabinet of the
president of the United States the
highest office within his gift.
"We Jews owe him a debt of gratitude which I hope never will be forgotten." In introducing Dr. Adler of the
American Hebrew college, Mr. Schiff
spoke of the trend of modern Jewish
belief.
"With all the respect and love
I have for the old form
of Judaism our fathers practiced them Judaism in American surroundings would
soon cease to be a living force without these missionaries I have
at last called them equipped and sent
out from the American Hebrew college." Governor Dix wished the delegates
"Godspeed in the transcendent work
you are doing for the good of mankind." "The glory of the Jew," he said,
"is that from the dawn of history
they have revealed and manifested to
the world the genius and essence of
true religion, based upon the worship of the one God and on that inner spiritual life upon which depend the reality of the eternal and
the hope of uplift of humanity."
Mayor Gaynor said that "Israel has
always been a growing and advancing
religious force. The history of the Jewish race," he continued, "discloses no period in which more non-essential
forms were not being gradually changed or abandoned in order to keep pace with the teaching of experience or to conform to the just local or national usage."
President Taft sent a telegram
from the White House in which he
regretted his inability to attend the
banquet.
One thousand diners sat down to
tables and five hundred of their
guests filled the balcony boxes.
Mr. Roosevelt said in part;
"Mr. Schiff has praised me in a
way that I do not deserve. I've met
good Jews and bad Jews, just as I've
met good Christians and bad Christians, and when I met a good man I stood by him, and when I met a bad
man I cinched him.
"At Santiago, after one of the battles, I promoted eight men in my
regiment, and found that there
were two Protestants, two Catholics
and the rest were Jews. It would
have been to my shame had I not
promoted the men on their merits,
and I knew nothing of their faith
previously."
Mr. Roosevelt said he hoped to see
the time when the Jew and Catholic
would be equally eligible to the presidency. The only touch of politics in
his speech was when in spurning theorists who proclaim their blueprints
and then do not strive to put them
into effect, he said:
"When I have to deal with a crook,
I don't care whether he is a republican or a democrat, but when I must
act I will hit the republican first, because I am partly responsible for
him."

Tammany Candidate Fruitless; Prolonged Deadlock Apparently Inevitable.

INSANITY DEFENSE OF
LOS ANGELES SLAYER

Los Angeles, Cal., Jan. 18. In the
effort to prove that their client was
insane and not responsible when he
killed Attorney O. P. Widdicomb in
July, the attorneys for K. V. Hell, the
wealthy Texan on trial for his life, introduced testimony tending to show
that he is a paranoiac. Dr. Truxton
Hunt of the county hospital staff, who
examined him after his arrest, declared
that he had exhibited symptoms of paranoia and epilepsy for
some time after the tragedy.
A long letter written to his mother
in El Paso, a short time before the
murder, also was introduced. It was
lengthy but rambling. In it Hell told
his mother that Whiteman had hired
assassins to kill him in Mexico, "but
God, in the person of a friend," protected him from his enemies.

FOURTEEN HURT IN TRAIN
WRECK ON SALT LAKE

Los Angeles, Jan. 18. Eleven
passengers and five trainmen injured
last night when the westbound
overland limited of the Salt Lake route
was derailed at Lyons, Utah, arrived
here today. Only three were sent to
hospitals and none of these were seriously hurt.
The wreck is said to have been
caused by a defective switch point.

(By Morning Journal Special Leased Wire)

Albany, N. Y., Jan. 18. The United
State senatorial puzzle is as intricate tonight as ever. The legislature
tried to choose the democrat who will
succeed Senator Chauncey M. Depew
but no candidate received the majority necessary to election.

Efforts to increase the following of
William F. Sheehan, the leading candidate, or to unite the opposition on
any other candidate have proved
fruitless. How long the deadlock will
last do none ventures to say.

Mr. Sheehan, with ninety votes to
his credit on the first joint ballot and
within nine votes of election, may be
no nearer Washington than U. Cady Herrick, who received but
two votes. In fact there is a growing
impression that if Sheehan cannot win, the successful candidate is
as likely as not to be some one whose
name has not yet been mentioned.

Mr. Sheehan's predicament will last
as long as the opposition to him presents the unbroken front it has maintained since the democratic caucus.
Twenty-one legislators, out of the
twenty-five who refused to enter the
caucus, declare that while they are
agreed on no candidate they are a
unit in their opposition to Sheehan.
Without some of their votes Sheehan cannot win unless enough republicans absent themselves from the
legislative session to reduce the majority required for election. And the
republican leaders are breathing dire
threats against any minority member
who dares by his absence subject his
party to the charge of aiding Mr.
Sheehan's campaign.

The ballot taken gave Mr. Sheehan,
ninety votes, Edward M. Shepard,
13; Alton B. Parker, 7; Janet W.
Gerard, 3; Martin W. Littleton, 2, and
U. Cady Herrick, 2. All those were
democratic votes. The republicans
voted solidly for their caucus choice,
Senator Depew. Compared with the
total vote of yesterday when the senate assembly voted separately the
changes were insignificant. Mr. Sheehan lost one vote, Mr. Shepard one,
and Judge Parker and Justice Gerard
each one.
That the "Insurgents" regarded the
result as a victory was apparent from
their eagerness to continue balloting,
but the party leaders say it had been
agreed to postpone further voting until
tomorrow and although the republicans stood ready to help the anti-
Sheehan men for the second ballot,
further action was delayed. The second joint ballot will occur at noon tomorrow.

The talk tonight was mainly at compromises and of whether the Sheehan
leaders could prevent any more legislators from breaking away from the
caucus selection. The 'insurgents'
held two meetings but failed to agree
on any candidate, although Alton B.
Parker, U. Cady Herrick and Martin
W. Littleton were the possible candidates discussed.

Possible new candidates mentioned
tonight were Nathan Straus, supreme
court Justice Martin J. Keighn and
former state comptroller Martin H.
Olynn. It was believed that any of
these would prove acceptable to the
New York and Kings county delegations if Mr. Sheehan and Shepard withdrew. Mr. Sheehan said he did not
dream of quitting, and a similar
expression was made on Mr. Shepard's
behalf by his friends.
In spite of his statement that he
would not be a candidate, Judge Parker's name still figures in every discussion of possible compromise. He
made a flying trip here from New
York today and conferred with Governor Dix.
When he was asked if he would be
a candidate in the event of Mr. Sheehan's withdrawal, Judge Parker replied: "I cannot dream of such a contingency." Asked if he would accept the office
of senator if it came to him, he answered:
"After I ran for president and retired from public life to practice law,
I said that I never would be a candidate for office again. I have no
change of my attitude since."

IN BATTLE

SMALL ENGAGEMENTS

REPORTED IN CHIHUAHUA
Attack on Town Repulsed By
Armed Citizens Led By Mayor; Details of Killed and
Wounded Lacking,

(By Morning Journal Special Leased Wire)

Mexico City, Jan. 18. Official report of several small engagements
between revolutionists and federal
troops in Chihuahua reached Mexico
City tonight.

They said that in the fight at Pa-
quimechic, in the southern part of the
state, yesterday afternoon, fifteen
revolutionists, two of whom are leaders in the rebellion, were killed, while
the federals did not lose a man. Three
soldiers were slightly wounded.

According to reports, the insurgents
were routed after a short engagement and fled to the hills. The soldiers captured six horses and four
guns, and seven saddles.

The reports said that on Monday
400 rebels attacked Coyame, near Ojinaga, and were repulsed by the federals who after several hours drove
the insurgents to the mountains. The
defense was led by the jefe politico.

Several were killed and wounded, but
the government report does not give
any figures.

Troops were ordered from Ojinaga
to pursue the rebels, who attacked the
town and reports said they met
the insurgents hiding behind entrenchments on the surrounding hills.

The fighting lasted several hours,
the revolutionists being routed. No
details of the engagements have not
been received.

A sharp encounter in which seven
revolutionists were killed and four
captured without the loss of a federal
soldier, occurred at Yuluro, Chihuahua yesterday. No details of this engagement have reached Mexico City.

MILITARY TRAINS

Mexico City, Jan. 18. Specials from
Chihuahua today said that a passenger train which left Chihuahua January 16 was held at Dustillog, the military authorities fearing to permit it
to proceed to Minaca until a detachment of troops could reach that point
to insure the safety of the train. Rumors were current that the rebels had
torn up the rail in the vicinity of
Malpago.

General Navarro, who had been encamped at Guerrero, learning that a
body of insurgents was active between Padernales and Hustillos, proceeded by train with a force of regulars to Padernale where he arrived
yesterday. He dispatched Colonel Escuelero with a detachment to re-
connoiter about Mal Paso canon but
returned without finding the rebels.

An encounter between the Seventh
cavalry under Captain Caballero and insurgents is reported to have occurred in a ranch known as Los Fauces. The rebels were beaten, four of
their number being captured.

Iowa Senator Race

Des Moines, Ia., Jan. 18. The withdrawal of U. A. Peely from the senate
race in Iowa today will serve to distribute the votes of seven members
among the eight remaining candidates
who are enmeshed in the deadlock
over the Dolliver senatorial succession which began yesterday and which
promises to last indefinitely.
There were only incidental changes
in the vote today as compared with
yesterday's.

Wireless Message

San Francisco, Jan. 18. A wireless
message received here at midnight
says the steam schooner Lankin,
bound for San Pedro from Coos Bay,
has been wrecked off Cape Blanco.
No details have been received.
The Lankin has a crew of fifteen
men. She is six miles off Cape Blanco and in a hurricane. The lifeboat has been
smashed. Two steamers are standing
by but are helpless to give aid.

OREGON FAVORS INCOME

TAX AMENDMENT

Salem, Ore., Jan. 18. The state legislature today ratified the proposed
amendment to the federal constitution
permitting the levying of an income
tax. The house of representatives voted in favor of the amendment yesterday.

THOUSAND MILES OF

ROAD TIE-UP

Strike of American and Native
Engineers on Southern Pacific
Lines Serious Though Company Claims Trains Run on
Time,

(By Morning Journal Special Leased Wire)

Mexico City, Jan. 18. Traffic was
suspended today on one thousand
miles of the Mexican line and
branches of the Southern Pacific railway in Mexico as a result of the
strike of American and native engineers, which began last night, according to the telegrams received here
by government railroad inspector from General Manager H. H. Ingram
of Guaymas.

Railroad officials said it was impossible to grant the demands that
have been made for increase in
wages.
Superintendent J. H. Shark, of this
city, is now making efforts to get
a force of engineers from the National system and if he succeeds will send
them to Matla by steamer from Mazatlan to take the places of the
strikers.

According to railroad officials the
railroad from Nogales to the Santiago
river and to Tecate is involved with the
Tijuana and Magdalena sections
in the state of Jalisco and not affected.

Southern Pacific Claims

Tucson, Ariz., Jan. 18. Officials of
the Southern Pacific line in Mexico
announce that all trains are now
running in spite of the strike of the
engineers. Passenger trains tied up
in Nogales last night, left at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon.
The morning train from Guaymas
arrived on time. Cargo and mail
trains connected with this line reaching here tonight.

JAFFA
GROCERY CO.

GOOD THINGS TO EAT
Justin
Fresh

Devonshire Yarm Sausage
Pork Sausage, 25c lb.
Milk-fed Hams sausage.
Milk-fed Bologna Sausage,
Pork Liver Sausage,
Knockwurst.
Summer Sausage.
Large Salami Sausage,
Several kinds of Liver Sausage.

ROOKIE SMOKED HAM
COOKED OX BEEF
MEAT CHICKENS

Pimento Cheese in jars
Pimento-Olive Cheese,
Kielbasa Sausage,
Imported Canned Sausage in Cans.

New Potato Chips,
German Pretzels in Package,
Prices are extra, 25c pkg.

In Our Bakery
Department
Pumpkin Pie today We loaf.
Something New Every Day.
PIE Filling Tarts,
All Kinds of Layer Cake,
MOCHA CAKES.
FILLED MADELEINES.
LITTLE HOT BUNS.
Try Our French Bread; also our
1/2 Sandwich Loaf.
Hot Rolls at 11 o'clock

JAFFA'S

PRODUCE, 51-32.

We represent more than 121.
300 products.

Mills of the country curtailed
operations last year because of
the high cost of cotton and an indifferent demand for goods, and the
same results are given by the Boston
treasurers for their action today. The
cotton mills of New England employ
nearly 100,000 operators.

HORNET WATCHED BY
AMERICAN CRUISERS

Washington, Jan. 18. Until the attorney general completes the investigation which he is conducting into the
question whether the Hornet, the
navy of General Bonilla's revolutionary forces in Honduras, violated
the neutrality of the United States,
the vessel will not be permitted by
this government to commit any definite hostile act, such as the bombardment of a port.
Every movement of the Hornet is
being watched by the United States
gunboats Marietta and Tacoma, now
in Honduras waters. The Tacoma
arrived at Trujillo yesterday when the
Marietta left that port for Porto Cortez.

CANDIDATES NAMED

FOR ENA

MINERS REMEMBER

BRETHREN IN

Convention at Columbus Sends
Greeting to Sixteen Men
Serving Sentence for Violation of Strike Injunction,

(By Morning Journal Special Leased Wire)

Columbus, O., Jan. 18. At tomorrow's session of the convention of the
United Mine Workers of America, an
additional report of the committee
on credentials will be made with reference to President Feehan of the
Pittsburg district and William Green,
president pro tern of the Ohio senate,
and delegate from an Ohio local.
The fight which is expected to
follow will be the first real test of
the re-elected power of President Tom
L. Lewis.
Ohio delegates today asserted that
Green, who is a former state president, had been unanimously elected
by his local union to sit in the convention and they would stand by him
to the last.
The convention extended an invitation to Emma Goldman, now in
Columbus, to speak before the delegates tomorrow morning. The delegates will not be in regular session then
but will attend as individuals.
On receipt of greetings from sixteen miners serving sentence of one
year in jail at Denver, Colo., for alleged assaults on representatives of
operators of the Northern Colorado
district, where several strikes are in
progress, the convention framed the
following resolution:
"The convention by rising unanimous vote authorizes us to extend to
you our sincerest sympathy. The
United Mine Workers will stand by
you to the end and we express this
hope that justice will ultimately triumph. You are fighting the battle
for human rights against corporation
greed and judicial arrogance. Keep
courage. Right will yet prevail and
trial by jury cannot much longer be
denied.

"TOM L. LEWIS, President.
"EDWIN PERRY, Secretary."

Democratic Caucus in West
Virginia Nominates Chilton
and Watson to Succeed Scott
and Elkins.

(By Morning Journal Special Leased Wire)

Charleston, W. Va., Jan. 18. W. E.
Chilton, of Charleston and Clarence
W. Watson, of Fairmont, were nominated at the caucus of the democrats
of the West Virginia legislature here
tonight to succeed to the terms in
the United States senate one of which
is now held by Nathan C. Scott, and
the other made vacant by the death of
Stephen B. Elkins.
Chilton was selected for the long
term, while Watson was chosen to
serve out the two remaining years of
Elkins' term.
Colonel Chilton won the nomination for the long term by defeating
several candidates with his leading opponent being his old-time political rival,
Colonel John T. McGraw of Grafton.
Prior to the nomination of Chilton,
Weston who led from the first won
the short term nomination.
Clarence W. Watson is a native of
Fairmont, W. Va., and is forty-six
years old.
His father was the late James Otis
Watson, a pioneer coal operator in the
upper Monongahela valley. In early
life Clarence Watson worked in his
father's mine as a mule driver.
He was educated at Fairmont State
Normal school and West Virginia
university. He became associated with
his father in coal operations and was
made head of the Fairmont Coal row
company when it was formed. He is now
president of the Consolidation Coal
company.
William Edwin Chilton was born at
St. Albans, W. Va., and is 63 years
old. He attended common school and
became a teacher, working on a farm
in summer.
While teaching he studied law and
was admitted to practice in 1878. He
later was appointed prosecuting attorney of Kanawha county. He became
the law partner of the late United
States Senator John E. Kenna and
upon the death of the latter formed
a partnership with former Governor
W. A. McCorkle, with whom he continued to be associated.
Colonel Chilton has long been a
leader in West Virginia politics.

NEW FENCE KEEPS

NEW ENGLAND COTTON
MILLS TO CUT OUTPUT

Boston, Jan. 18. Millions of spindles in cotton mills of this United
State will be idle one-quarter of the
time from today until the market conditions improve. If a recommendation
made this afternoon by the Arkwright
club is generally accepted.
The Arkwright club is an organization of the treasurers of mills in Massachusetts, New Hampshire and

OUT COYOTES

Forest Service Has Device to
Protect Sheep; Experiment
Shows 97 Per Cent of Lambs
Saved,

(By Morning Journal Special Leased Wire)

Denver, Jan. 18. Delegates to the
first annual convention of the Colorado Livestock association listened today to District Forester Smith Riley's
account of the successful working of
the coyote-proof fence experimented
with in national forest reserves. Forester Riley told of a 2,560 acre enclosure in the Wallowa reserve in
Washington where 1100 grown sheep
and 530 lambs were grazed the
months. An equal number of sheep
and lambs were grazed nearby under
the old system. The animals within
the coyote-proof enclosures developed
eight pounds more weight each and
required 40 per cent less range. A
similar experiment in the Cochetopa
reserve in Colorado proved equally as
successful and 97 per cent of the
lambs dropped were saved. The cost
of help was considerably reduced also.
Forester Riley asserted that the livestock industry could get the best results only from closer organization
and more harmonious relations with
the forestry department.

MEXICAN SOLDIERS
GUARD SOUTHERN PACIFIC

Naco, Ariz., Jan. 18. All trains out
of here on the Southern Pacific railroad of Mexico are carrying troops.
The depot and roundhouse are
guarded by soldiers.

This afternoon the Mexican garrison was augmented by a company of
Infantry from Cananea. No trains
were operated on the Nogales, Del Rio
branch today.

IT'S A LIE
They say opportunity knocks
but once when it's knocking
twice right now.
If the new state constitution
carries at the election Saturday, real estate
will surely begin to advance.
The owner of the Paris Addition has telegraphed to advance the price of all unsold
lots after February 15th, $10
per lot.
This is two opportunities to
make some money.
There are still some 55 of the
choicest lots in the Paris Addition
(North 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th streets)
being offered for sale at from $60 to
$85 per lot in payments of only $15
down, balance in a month.
This is less than half what they
are really worth, as lots in the Perea
and Eastern Additions, five blocks
further from the business center of
the city are now selling at from $150
to $250 per lot.
Make your selection today and we
will wait until pay day for first payment. It's the wise man who takes advantage of all opportunities, and these are
two.
For plats or prices or to be shown
the property, call on any of the following real estate dealers:
Hunley & Thaxton,
Dexter & McClughan,
J. M. Moore Realty Co.,
W. P. Metcalf,
Porterfield Co.,
A. Fleischer,
J. Rorradaile.
W. H. McMillan,
E. H. Dunbar.
Felipe Gurule.
D. K. R. Sellers, Agent for Fanny V.
Van Riper, Owner.

BALDWIN FATHER OF

FAIR CLAIMANT

I Try a Journal Want Ad; Results

Witness in Will Contest Declares Dead Turfman Admitted Anita Turnbull Was His
Daughter,

(By Morning Journal Special Leased Wire)

Los Angeles, Cal., Jan. 18. More
testimony favoring the plaintiff in the
Baldwin will contest was introduced
today. Dr. Winlow Anderson, president of the College of Physicians and
Surgeons of San Francisco, testified
that he had once heard Baldwin refer
to Mrs. Lillian Ashley Turnbull as
his wife and later Mrs. Delia Mahoney, wife of a former state senator,
who lived in the Baldwin hotel up to
the time of the fire, declared she
heard the old turfman admit that he
was the father of the plaintiff in the
contest, Miss Anita Turnbull, who is
seeking a $2,500,000 share of the estate. Mrs. Mahoney asserted Baldwin remarked confidentially to her that he
was "willing to care for the child but
not for the woman."
According to Mrs. Mahoney, Baldwin asserted no one could accuse him
of not caring for his own flesh and
blood, but that he would not give the
woman anything because, he said, she
was the cause of her sister trying to
murder him.
Colonel Henry I. Kowalsky, once
attorney for Baldwin, and said to have
intimate knowledge of the affair between Mrs. Turnbull and the dead
turfman, was the next witness called.
He declined to give any testimony
on the ground that he felt it would
be wrong for him to do so, as he once
had acted as the dead man's legal
adviser. Come and see for everything in the

FLOUR, FEED, STOCK FOOD &
POULTRY FOOD & ANIMAL REMEDIES LINK, REGNER & BRACH
VOGAL, 114 W. COPPER AVE.
PHONE 610.

BAD THING

New Bank Director Instead of M1

Instead of spending so much money for catching the
defaulters, why not take that money
and increase salaries so that the
employees won't be tempted to rob?

President: If we did it I reckon
most every clerk in the bank would
drop dead.

KNEW STORM WAS BREWING

Mrs. Wise: If you are going to the
lodge tonight you had better take your
overcoat.
Mr. Wise: Are you going to sit up
and wait for me until I come home?
Mrs. Wise: Certainly.
Mr. Wise: Then I'll take my storm-coat.

MALOY'S

Sweet Cider, gal "M
15ct we have had this year
Order a gallon before it is
gone.
Chillicothe Steel Cut Coffee,
10c lb
Something new in the Club
house line.

Clubhouse Gallon Apples,
pillion 5c

Cheaper and better than
fresh apples. No waste.

A. J. Maloy

214 CENTRAL AVE.
Phone 72.