TWO

Albuquerque Morning Journal, Thursday, April 7, 1921,

A

Morning Journal

AN INDEPENDENT NEWSPAPER
Published By
JOURNAL PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CARL C. MAQEE, J. A. MACPHERSON.
President Secretary.
D. A. MACPHERSON. Business Manager.
CARL C. MAQEE Editor-in-Chief
GILBERT COSULICH News Editor
H. C. HERBERT Telegraph Editor
H. P. McKITTRICK City and State Editor
JOHN S. GOTSHALL Assistant City Editor
ALIDA SIMS Society Editor

REPRESENTATIVES

C. C. ANDERSON, Marquette Bldg., Chicago, Ill.
RALPH R. MULLIGAN 48 E. 42d St., New York

Entered as second-class matter at the postoffice of Albuquerque, N. M., under act of Congress of March 17, 1879.

TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION
Daily, by Carrier or by mail, one cent; one month, $1.50; yearly, in advance, $16.00.

"The Morning Journal has a higher circulation rating than is accorded to any other paper in New Mexico."—The American Newspaper Directory. The only paper in New Mexico issued every day in the year.

MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS.

The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use, for re-publication, of all news credited to it or not otherwise credited in this paper and also the local news published herein.

THURSDAY

April 7, 1921

A CHURCHMAN IS IMMERSED.

Dr. Samuel Guy Inman, secretary of the committee on cooperation in Latin America, and representing thirty mission boards doing work in Spanish America, was the first witness called by the senate subcommittee investigating Mexican affairs. His attitude toward Mexico may be gathered from the following extract from his testimony, appearing on pages 7 and 8 of the subcommittee's preliminary report:

"Dr. Inman, I might say, Mr. Chairman, that I think that the churches are unitedly against armed intervention in Mexico, not because, they are not equally interested with all other American citizens in the protection of American rights and in the development of our international friendship and in the protection of the American flag wherever it may be, but simply because these interests, after careful study, believe that the problem can be worked out without a war.

"I do not care to create the impression at all, if it were possible, that things are all right in Mexico today; but I would like for all of us to realize that after a period of revolution every country has, in its history, a period of reconstruction."

Now let us see how Chairman Fall handled the witness, whose greatest fault, in the senator's eyes, seems to have been that he believed that the teachings of Christ could be applied to Mexicans.

After catechizing Dr. Inman mercilessly, the chairman was unable to conceal his hostility toward the witness any longer, and he declared:

"The Chairman. Do you not think you might very well have spent a few days in the city of Mexico and in the hospitals among these poor people?"

"Dr. Inman. If I had done everything you had suggested this afternoon, I never would have gotten to write that book."

"The Chairman. If you did not do some of these things, you should never have written the book. I have not written a book."

"Dr. Inman. I hope some day you will."

"The Chairman. I am going to write a chapter before we get through with this investigation." (Page 72.)

We leave the reader to his own interpretation as to the kind of chapter Chairman Fall intended to write. But the chapter he and his colleagues did write is a matter of record; and in this "chapter" the committee thus waves aside the declarations of men who, like Dr. Inman, believe that armed intervention is not the only solution to the Mexican problem:

"Carranza propagandists in this country have filled the papers with attacks upon 'predatory interests' who were seeking intervention in Mexico for selfish purposes.

"CHURCHES HAVE RESONDED WITH DENUNCIATIONS FROM THE PULPITS OF THE SAME 'PREDATORY INTERESTS' who desired to have not only the treasure of the United States poured out, but the blood of its sons spilled for 'the protection and accretion of their ill-gotten 'dirty dollars' in the republic of Mexico.'" (Page 2325.)

The Journal is no apologist for Mexico or Mexican atrocities committed on our citizens. This paper was the first agency that protested against the pardoning of the sixteen Villistas by Governor Larratolo.

We do insist, however, that any investigation of Mexican affairs should be handled by an unprejudiced man, and that witnesses who are able to present the favorable side of the picture should not be intimidated.

Again, in correcting a statement made by Dr. Inman who, nowhere claimed infallibility, the chairman said:

"The Chairman. Now, Doctor, you are voicing just what a good many people have voiced before you who know nothing more about the subject than you do." (Page 124.)

Such a comment on the competency of a witness, in a hearing of this nature, we believe was gratuitous and inexcusable. It clearly showed Mr. Fall's hostile attitude toward the man on the stand.

If the chairman did not believe the witness qualified to speak, he could have borne that fact in mind in making his report. But he did not need to be rude about it.

What a contrast is found in Mr. Fall's treatment of Edward Lawrence Doheny, oil producer of Los Angeles, who testified that "even before the United States had taken sides between Villa and Carranza, we were obliged to pay tribute first to one man and then to the other, and we never knew what their allegiance was until they declared themselves, and then we did not know whether they were telling the truth." (Page 285.)

During the course of his examination, during which he questioned Mr. Doheny very tenderly, Mr. Fall said: (Page 281.)

"The Chairman. We have made up our minds in going into this to try to get for the American people a true picture of Mexico and the conditions there, and what Americans have done in Mexico, and I do not know anyone who is more capable of giving at least the latter part of it, at any rate, than yourself."

The canton of Valais has notified his erstwhile imperial highness that he must not condescend to take up his abode in Valais, but that he must seek habitation away from the frontier and not in a city.

We should not be surprised to learn that other sections of Switzerland will find other reasons for not wanting Karl to spend the summer in their respective parts of the Alps.

In a word, the former emperor seems to be one of the most unpopular men among Europe's unemployed royalty.

THE BOY'S FIRST JOB.

A business man writes in "System," tells how he makes it his practice to talk with every boy who enters his employment, and try to inspire him with high business ideals. He feels that a boy is the most important raw material that enters his factory.

Business concerns give infinite care and pains to handling the leather or steel or whatever inert material they may use. But they sometimes give little thought to the development of precious human personality, which under their shaping influences is capable of so much development.

The writer referred to feels that the career of a young person depends on the way in which he takes up his work in the beginning of his employment. If he makes a good start, if he gets the idea of careful attention to details, he will perform his tasks faithfully and gradually become capable of bigger things. But if he makes a bad start, he will acquire careless and slipshod ways of working that prove permanent.

In many business houses the beginner is left very much to himself, and if he cannot grasp the things required of him from hurried directions, he is classed as stupid and incorrigible. A boy who might have done well is started in wrong working habits and probably he never gets over them.

It is one of the fine features of the business life of Albuquerque that so much effort is made to train the individual worker. Our business men seem to realize the value of this human material which comes to them in such unshaped condition, but can be so passively molded into a form capable of giving fine service. It is this spirit that has helped our retail merchants to train a body of helpers that put brains and enthusiasm and uprightful attention into their work, and the public gets the benefit of their painstaking service.

BABY WEEK OBSERVANCE.

Modern medical science teaches that a large part of the disease and physical troubles from which the race suffers, arise from preventable defects that develop in early childhood. And a terrible drain on the vitality of the nation is created each year by the death of 300,000 babies. Multitudes of homes are thus filled with sorrow, and all these lives of promise blotted out, as the result of ignorance of hygiene.

In many localities more than half the children have some serious physical defect. These conditions, unless remedied, will handicap them in their future careers, and cause many premature deaths and failures in life.

Modern child hygiene saves costly dentistry and permanent injury to teeth, by instructing children in the use of the toothbrush. It preserves weak eyes by providing suitable spectacles, averts the peril of tuberculosis, by attention to good ventilation, feeding, etc., and so on in many kinds of preventive and remedial work.

Baby week, usually observed the first week in May, is an idea started by the government, to promote hygienic methods in care of children. It is an occasion to be noticed everywhere, and made the opportunity for giving instruction needed by so many mothers.

Another feature of Baby week will interest every mother, and that is the use of it made by retail merchants. Many stores feature this first week in May and present an array of children's clothes and furnishings and toys that prove most enchanting to any mother. How about it, Albuquerque merchants?

NEWSLETTERS

JUNE PHILLIPS

THE QUAKER COTTAGES.

CHAPTER ELEVEN.

In spite of Tom's grudging explanation, I kept on.

"Why didn't you say so at first? It looks as if you had taken time to think up an excuse." I stormed.

"What do you mean?" he demanded. "Just what I say."

"Believe what you please after this. I shall take no pains to undeceive you."

"I shall, and also I shall do as I please."

Tom made no answer, as Nora just then made an excuse to come into the room. We had had few quarrels, none like this, in spite of Tom's quick temper and my lack of tact. I supposed Nora had heard us and was curious. Tom got up from the table, and without a word flung out of the room, and in a moment I heard the door slam, and then the elevator. I rushed out just in time to see it disappearing. I called "Tom," but he either did not hear me, or would pay no attention, so I returned to my rooms disgusted with myself, and angry with Tom.

Where had he gone? Perhaps because he was angry he had gone out to spend his time with that girl. The angry tears filled my eyes, just as Helen Thurston came in.

An Accusation.

"What's the matter, Sue? Are you sick?" she asked, real concern in her voice.

"No, I'm not sick! Just angry, that's all."

Helen was tactful if I were not, and asked no more questions. All at once I thought, I'll just tell her about that commission business. I wouldn't be imposed upon by anyone!

"Peggy bought another dress before she left," I commenced.

"Did she, where? I was so sorry not to see her again although I said good-bye last night. I came down, but Nora said you had gone out and had left no word where you had gone or when you would return."

"Peggy bought the dress from Madame Heloise, and by the way, such a queer thing happened. Madame asked if it was to be put on your account and

"What did you tell her?" Helen interrupted in an anxious voice. "How much did Peggy pay for the dress?"

"We misunderstood her at first because neither of us knew anything about commission being paid for bringing her customers, but Madame explained, and then of course I told her to give me the credit. And I also told her, Helen, that I thought the commission on all that Peggy had bought should belong to me. Peggy was my guest, and I, not you, proposed she go to Heloise in the first place."

I had said all I thought necessary and now waited for Helen to speak. I expected she would be angry, and really in my pettish mood I didn't much care if she were. To my surprise she laughed, rather forced it sounded, but, aside from flushing, she showed no resentment.

"Certainly it should if you feel that way. I didn't suppose you would care about it."

An Essential Surrender.

"Why shouldn't I care? You know I have very little to buy handsome clothes with, and ten percent on such bills as Peggy had soon amounts to enough to help a lot."

"Don't get fussy about it, Sue! I've told you that it was all right to have it transferred to your account. I have taken Madame many good customers and she has been very kind to me in consequence. There is no reason why you shouldn't make a little money that way too. If you were to take two or three women like Mrs. Henderson or that Vivian Morton to her it would almost dress you. They buy such expensive clothes that the commissions would amount to a great deal in a year."

I felt a little ashamed of myself when Helen proved so amiable. Yet I couldn't quite believe that she had thought I didn't need or want the commission. I couldn't help but wonder if Peggy and I had taken her if it would have turned out the same. Yet I was grateful to her for the hint about Mrs. Henderson and Vivian. I determined to act upon it at the first opportunity.

Helen said nothing more about the commissions, but proposed that I come up and play three-handed auction with her and Walter.

"What's the use of your sitting here alone all the evening?" she queried. "You're blue over something anyway, and you ought not to be alone."

"All right! I'll tell Nora if Tom comes back to send him up."

As we went up the stairs we scarcely ever waited for the elevator, to visit each other. I wished I had half of Helen's poise, her act. She had surrendered the commissions so gracefully, though I knew she must have been annoyed at my action in telling Madame.

About ten o'clock Tom telephoned up from the apartment, saying he wouldn't come up, but thanking Helen for the invitation. So I soon stopped playing and went down. I wanted to know where Tom had gone when he flung out angry with me.

Once upon a time, melted wax or tallow was poured into the hollow tin molds, around a wick, and candles thus made.

One day, when Nurse Jane was down at the five and ten cent store buying some new lace curtains for the coal bin, Uncle Wiggily looked at the candle mold and after twinkling his pink nose said:

"I think I'll make some candles for Nurse Jane. She is going to have a tea next week for Mrs. Wibblewobble, the duck lady, and Mrs. Twistytail, the pig lady. Some candles to light and set on the table will look quite stylish and old-fashioned. I'll mold some candles for Nurse Jane, and I'll make them of wax."

Knowing that the bees who made honey and plenty of wax, Uncle Wiggily went out into the woods to look for a hollow tree in which the bees lived. He soon found one.

"O Queen!" said the bunny rabbit to the queen bee, "could you give me some wax to make Nurse Jane's candles?"

"Why, of course I can," buzzed the Queen. "We have more wax now than we have honey, for the May flowers have not yet blossomed enough under the April showers so that we can gather much sweet stuff. We bees have eaten most of the honey from the wax cells where we store it for winter and you are welcome to as much wax as you need."

Uncle Wiggily took home a lot of wax in a box he made of bark from a birch tree and, reaching home, he put the wax on the stove to melt. Then he set out the old-fashioned candle mold, putting a wick in each hollow tin tube.

"When the wax is melted," said Uncle Wiggily, "I will pour it down in the molds. When it cools and hardens I will lift out the candles for Nurse Jane."

Well, everything would have been all right if Uncle Wiggily's paw hadn't slipped when he was pouring in the melted wax. But it did slip, down he fell, the melted wax scattering all over the floor, and Uncle Wiggily sat down in a puddle of it. Only that he had on thick winter trousers he might have been burned.

But, anyhow, the wax quickly cooled and hardened and it held Uncle Wiggily fast to the floor, just as if he had sat down in glue.

"Help! Help!" he called when he found he couldn't get up. "Come and get me loose, somebody!"

Just then Nurse Jane came back from shopping.

"Why, Wiggy! What has happened?" she asked in astonishment.

"I tried to be old-fashioned and make you some wax candles, but my paw slipped and I sat down in the warm, melted wax," the bunny answered.

"Oh, dear! I'm so sorry! Never mind, Wiggy. I guess gas or electric lights will be better than candles," said Miss Fuzzy Wuzzy, as she pried the bunny loose with the fire shovel and scraped the dried wax off him with the bread knife. Then he didn't try to pour any more candles, but still the mold made quite an ornament.

So if the pussy cat doesn't try to put the dog's collar on the rag doll and make her look like a jumping jack, you shall next hear about Uncle Wiggily and the fire tongs.

(By The Associated Press.)

New York, April 6. Money was the pivot around which today's moderately active and fairly broad stock market revolved. Numerous issues augmented yesterday's gains, though subjected to irregular impairment on profit-taking sales before the close. The renewal rate of 5 percent established the lowest quotation for such offerings in considerably over a year. There was no perceptible revision of rates for time money, bank acceptances or discounts, but it was reported loans extending into the mid-year were made at fractions under the rates posted in the open market. Excellent crop prospects and the British industrial situation were among favorable factors. London cables offered ground for early settlement of the coal strike. Incidentally, exchange on London was substantially higher, contingent rates also showing marked improvement.

A minor incident of the session was the passing of the dividend on Midvale, a former "war bride." Such action had been discounted, however, and exerted little influence. Oils, steels, equipments, motors, coppers and sundry specialties were among outstanding features, rails remaining in the background. Reactionary tendencies marked the course of Atlantic Gulf, the leathers and coal traction. Houston Oil and Twin City Rapid Transit at net gains of four and eight and a half points, respectively, were the strongest issues. Sales, 525,000 shares.

Trading in bonds was more diversified than usual, lower money rates contributing to the better tone of that market. Liberty issues were mostly higher as were also several of the better known international flotations. Total sales, par value, $10,650,000.

Closing prices:
American Beet Sugar 38
American Can 29
American Smelting & Refining 38
American Sumatra Tobacco 73
American Tel. & Tel. 105
Anaconda Copper 37
Atchison 80 1/4
Baltimore & Ohio 33
Bethlehem Steel "P." 71 1/4
Butte & Superior 11 1/4
California Petroleum 43
Canadian Pacific 113 5/8
Central Leather 3 1/4
Chicago, Mil. & St. Paul 24
Chino Copper 22 1/2
Crucible Steel R 5 1/2
Cuba Cane Sugar 21
Erie 12
Great Northern pfd 71
Inspiration Copper 32
Int. Mer. Marine pfd 51
Kennecott Copper 17
Mexican Petroleum 140

Classified Ads

FOR SALE Furniture

FORT S.W. K. New living room table, piano 1:17-H.

FOR SALE Tenia, wardrobe, walnut dresser, china bronze, refrigerator, kitchen table of good used furniture in Albuquerque; also new goods. 3-Ti South First.

FOR SALE Household lamp and linens, kitchen table, embroidered linen, kitchen utensils and strip wool carpet. 100 South Walter.

FOR SALE Real Estate

FOR SALE Two corner lots, at a bargain, phone 1853-J.

FOR SALE Two choice lots, adjoining postoffice. V. T. Kingsbury. 210 West Gold.

FOR SALE A few choice lots in the Highlands. D. T. Kingsbury. 210 West Gold.

FOR SALE One of the finest lots in the University Heights, $250. 221 West Orange.

Little Benny's Note Book

Me and Puds Snakes was talking to Mary Watkins this afternoon and I was making her laugh by saying different funny things and Puds started to look jealous, saying, "Aw, you're not so smart, we changed seats in school this morning and I'm away up on the first form and you're away down on the last."

"Oh my, last form," said Mary Watkins.

"Well what of it. That's last where I wanted to be, right, convenient near the door," I said.

"Haw haw, listen what's talking," said Puds, and I said, "Q is that so, well I bet I can ask you any amount of questions you can't answer, all right."

"Oh is that so, well let's hear some, let's hear some," said Puds.

"What's the three different breeds of elephants?" I said.

"Oh not knowing whether there was three different breeds or not, and Puds said, "Aw, why don't you ask me something hard?"

"Well go ahead and answer it if you know so much, what are they?" I said.

"I wouldn't even take the trouble to answer such an easy question," said Puds.

"Well then what color is Turkish misletoe?" I said.

"Blue," said Puds, and I said, "It is not, it's green and yellow stripes. Me never even having heard of Turkish misletoe, and I said, "Well, I'll ask you one more, who invented the first book marker?"

"Shakespeare," said Puds.

"It was not, it was Moses," I said.

"I say it was Shakespeare," said Puds, and I said, "You're crazy, it was Moses and I can prove it by any Bible, I wish I had one here, and Mary Watkins said, "If it says so in the Bible it must be true. I hope you wouldn't contradict the Bible, Puds, and Puds said, "I wasn't contradicting the Bible, I was contradicting Benny, and I said, "It's the same thing, because I said it was in the Bible, didn't I?"

Which Puds didn't say any more, proving I won the argument, and Mary Watkins said, "My goodness Benny but you certainly know a lot."

Which I do, only not that much.

Automobiles cost as much as $100,000 each in Russia.

Miami Copper
Missouri Pacific
New York Central
Northern Pacific
Pennsylvania
Ray Consolidated Copper
Reading
Republic Iron & Steel
Sinclair Oil Refining
Southern Pacific
Southern Railway
Studebaker Corporation
Texas Company
Tobacco Products
Union Pacific
United States Steel
Utah Copper

18 1/4
17
77 1/2
34
12
85 1/2
65
20
74
20
78
41
47 1/4
116
81 1/2
48

CARPENTERING

PETTIFORD TUB ODD JOB MAN.
Any kinds of work. 1673-J.

McCAIN & COSTLOW
SUCCESSORS to Henry Nylund. Roofs painted and repaired; work guaranteed. General contractors. 108 South Edith. Phone 1861-T.

WANTED Couple looks two rooms for a light housekeeping; private home; Fourth ward preferred. Phone 1835-W, or in dress D. H. P., care Journal.

FOR RENT Storeroom

FOR RENT Small store, Central avenue, in new building; fine large window; steam heat. Hanna's, nr. West Central.

WANTED Board & Room
WANTED Room and board by couple with young child, in private family, room with sleeping porch desired. Address Desirable, care Journal.

FOR RENT Miscellaneous
FOR RENT Team and plow by the day from Garcia, 2202 North Armijo.

Chicago Livestock.
Chicago, April 6. Cattle receipts 12,000. Market very slow, little early trading; early bids 25c to 60c lower on beef steers, early sales $8.85; bulk, $7.75. Cows and heifers steady to weak, spots lower; good and choice cows, $6.25 to $7.50; good heifers $8.00; canners and bulls weak; calves steady, good and choice, $7.00 to $8.00; stockers and feeders steady to lower; choice 1,000-pound feeders, $9.00.

Hogs Receipts 16,010. Opening steady to 10c lower, later mostly steady to strong with yesterday's average. Top, $10.20; bulk 200 pounds down, $9.90 to $10.15; bulk 220 pounds up, $8.85 to $9.15; pigs mostly steady; bulk desirable pigs, $10.00 to $10.15.

Sheep Receipts 17,000. Opening steady on all grades and classes. Carry ton wooled lambs, $9.50; some held higher; bulk fat lambs, $8.25 to $9.00; choice light ewes, $5.75.

CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.

Chicago, April 6. Apprehension that freezing temperatures might cause serious crop damage did much today to rally the wheat market after the July delivery had touched a new low record price for the season. The close was unsettled at 1c net decline to 1c advance with May $1.35 to $1.36 and July $1.09 to $1.11. Corn finished unchanged to 1c higher and oats fell off to 1c to 2c up. In provisions there were setbacks ranging from 10c to 12c to 60c. It was after mid-day before bulls got the lead in wheat. Depression at the start was associated more or less with bearish views of the economic outlook especially as affected by news regarding the British coal strike. Word, however, that the mine workers and employers had agreed to a further conference looking to a settlement tended to encourage buying, and so did talk of continued export business in new wheat as well as old. Then came word of a heavy sleet and snow storm sweeping eastward over Nebraska with temperatures down to 20 and still falling. From then on higher prices were the rule.

Corn and oats were governed mainly by wheat. Some foreign buying of corn was reported. Provisions dropped in the absence of support.

Closing prices:

Wheat May, $1.36; July, $1.12.
Corn May, 59 1/2c; July, 63 1/2c.
Oats May, 37 1/2c; July, 38c.
Pork May, $17.15; July, $17.60.
Lard May, $10.42; July, $10.80.
Ribs May, $9.80; July, $10.20.

Kansas City Livestock.
Kansas City, April 6. Cattle receipts 6,500. All classes slow; beef steers 25c lower, $9.10 bid. Host early sales, $8.85; bulk, $7.75. Cows and heifers steady to weak, spots lower; good and choice cows, $6.25 to $7.50; good heifers $8.00; canners and bulls weak; calves steady, good and choice, $7.00 to $8.00; stockers and feeders steady to lower; choice 1,000-pound feeders, $9.00.

Hogs Receipts 9,000. Opening mostly steady to 10c lower; closing dull. 15c to 25c lower. Sorted and lights, $9.35; bulk of sales, $8.10 to $9.10; pigs mostly 25c lower.

Sheep Receipts 7,000. Killing classes steady to strong. Kewf, $6.10; lambs, $9.85.

Denver Livestock.
Denver, April 6. Cattle receipts 900. Market dull. 25c to 50c lower. Beef steers, $7.00 to $8.00; cows and heifers, $5.25 to $7.50; calves, $10.00 to $12.00; bulk, $4.00 to $4.50; stockers and feeders, $8.00 to $7.75.

Hogs Receipts 1,200. Market 10c to 25c lower. Top, $9.50; bulk, $8.00 to $8.75.

Sheep Receipts 6,200. Lambs, steady. Ewes lower. Lambs, $7.25 to $9.00; ewes, $4.25 to $5.50.

NEW YORK COTTON.

New York, April 6. Cotton futures closed firm. May, 11.84; July, 12.37; Oct., 12.94; Dec, 13.22; Jan. 13.32.

NEW YORK BONDS.

New York, April 6. Liberty bonds closed: 3 1/2s, $90.22; first 4s $87.74; second 4s, $87.20; first 4 1/2s, $87.80; second 4 1/2s, $87.34; third 4 1/2s, $90.66; fourth 4 1/2s, $87.46; Victory 3s, $97.58; Victory 4s, $97.54.

NEW YORK MONEY.

New York, April 6. Prime mercantile paper, 7 to 7 1/2 percent; exchange strong; sterling demand, $3.92; cables, $3.93. Time loans steady. Sixty and 90 days and 6 months, 6 to 7 percent.

Call money steady. High and ruling rate, 5 percent; low and last loan, 5 percent; closing bid, 5 to 5 1/4 percent.

NEW YORK METALS.

New York, April 6. Copper quiet. Electrolytic, spot and nearby, 12 1/4c; May and June, 13c.

Iron nominally unchanged.
Tin steady. Spot and nearby, $28.25 to $29.25; futures, $28.50 to $29.75.

Antimony spot, $5.12 to $5.25.
Lead steady. Spot, $4.25.
Zinc quiet. East St. Louis spot, $4.65 to $4.70.

LEGAL NOTICE

NOTICE TO DEFENDANT.

State of New Mexico, County of Bernalillo. In the District Court. No. 12814.
Hazel H. Barker, Plaintiff, vs. Earl E. Barker, Defendant.

To the Above Named Defendant:
You are hereby notified that a suit has been filed against you in the said court and county by the above named plaintiff, in which the said plaintiff prays for absolute divorce and custody of their minor child on the grounds of abandonment and non-support. And you are further notified that unless you enter or cause to be entered your appearance in said cause on or before the 27th day of May, A. D. 1921, judgment will be rendered in said cause against you by default and the relief prayed for will be granted.

The name of the plaintiff's attorney is Thos. J. Mabry, whose postoffice address is Albuquerque, N. M. FRED CROLLOTT.
(Seal) Clerk.
By HARRY F. LEE, Deputy.

NOTICE OF SUIT.

State of New Mexico, County of Bernalillo. In the District Court. No. 12813.
G. A. Wahl, Jr., Plaintiff, vs. Agnes T. Wahl, Defendant.

To the Above Named Defendant:
You are hereby notified that a suit has been filed against you in the said court and county by the above named plaintiff, in which the said plaintiff prays for absolute divorce on the grounds of desertion and abandonment. And you are further notified that unless you enter or cause to be entered your appearance in said cause on or before the 27th day of May, A. D. 1921, judgment will be rendered in said cause against you by default and the relief prayed for will be granted.

The name of the plaintiff's attorney is Thos. J. Mabry, whose postoffice address is Albuquerque, N. M. FRED CROLLOTT.
(Seal) Clerk.
By HARRY F. LEE, Deputy.

NOTICE OF ADMINISTRATOR.

In the Matter of the Estate of John Smith, Deceased.

Notice is hereby given that Charles Smith, Administrator of the estate of John Smith, deceased, has filed in the Probate Court of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, his final report as such Administrator and the court has appointed Monday, the 18th day of April, 1921, as the day for hearing objections, if any there be, to the approval of said final report and the discharge of said Administrator.

Witness my hand and the seal of said Probate Court this 21st day of March, 1921.
(Seal) FRED CROLLOTT, Clerk of Bernalillo Probate Court.