```
TODAY'S NEWS TODAY
. Xo M It la Iho HRAXd).
ty Cento taotk or aft oats
. m wrf ognnmu inv hoot
casta by MtaB.
U
it9-4 4asv
TKlBUNK-OmZEN.
Vol. M. No. fi.
ALBUQUEXQUE,
rlOEXICO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1911.
Tcnx s. m.

UaMlUtessSL

!Mi i.

U. J

O'Brien Knocked Out of Box

in First Inning by Giant Hitters

Marquard Holds Boston Helpless in All Save Second Inning and Victory Rests With
McGraw's Men.
STRUGGLE TOMORROW
TAKES PLACE AT HUB
Managers Toss Coin and Wednesday's Game If One Is
Needed to Decide Will Be
Fought on Red Sox Diamond
Score: it, 11. K.
New York :, 1 1
Boston 2 1
By Leased Wire to Evening Herald
Polo Grounds, New York, Oct. 14.
The New York Giants overcame the Boston Americans by a score of 11 to 2 today before a crowd of about 35,000 people. New York's victory was a check to the hopes of the Red Sox team, which had expected to win today and capture the world's series. The struggle for the world's championship now stands:
Boston three games won; New York two games won and one game tied. The two teams will play tomorrow in Boston.
O'Brien, the Red Sox main hurler, was knocked out of the box in the first inning when New York made eleven runs. Collins went in for Boston in the second inning and then was no further scoring. Marquard pitched a superb game for the Giants, holding Boston helpless before his mystifying curves.
Official box score:
New York.
All. It. Mil. A. K.
Devore, If 4
Doyle, 2b 4
Snodgrass, cf 4
Murray, If 3
Merkle, 1b 4
Herzog, 3b 4
Meyers, c 4
Fletcher, ss 4
Marquard, p 3
1 1
1 1
1 2
1 1
1 2
1 1
1 2
1 1
Totals 30
1 1 27 7
Boston.
All. It. Mil. A. K.
Hooper, rf 4
Yerkes, 2b 4 1 2 3
Speaker, cf 3
Lewis, If 4 1 0
Gardner, 3b 4 1 0
Stahl, c 4 1 0
Wagner, ss 4
Cady, c 3 1
O'Brien, p 0 0 0 0
Bogle, l 0 1
Collins, p 2
Totals 33 2 7 24

Collins relieved O'Brien in the second.
Innings: H.
Boston 000 000 200
New York 110 000 09x
Home runs: New York, Merkle, Herzog, Meyers. Pitching record: Off O'Brien, eleven runs and six hits in eight times at bat in one inning; off Collins, no runs and five hits in twenty-two times at bat in eight innings, stolen bases: Speaker, Doyle, Herzog, Meyers. Double plays: Fletcher, Doyle and Merkle; Hooper and Stahl. Left on bases: Boston, 5; New York, 1. First base on balls: Off Marquard, 1. First base on errors: Boston, 1. Strike outs: By O'Brien, 1; Marquard, 3; Collins, 1. Home runs: O'Brien, 1. Time, 1:48. Umpires: At plate, Klem; on bases, Evans; left field, O'Connell; right field, Higgins.
MOUND FOR NEW YORK
New York, Oct. 14. The Giants made their last stand today, before a crowd numbering 25,000 or more, the Manhattan infield champions struggled to check the onward march of the Boston Americans, who with three contests captured, need only one more to win the world championship.
There was plenty of room to, ...
in. And vacant tiers of seats showed
1 1,000 heads here and lower
Manhattan Island streets the start began. The
sky, was very clear and cold, gray
clouds screened the sun and there
was a threat of rain in the air.
Should New York win today the
game tomorrow will be played in Boston. "Stubby" Maniunrd was McGraw's indicated choice for the box today. The left hander has delivered the only game won by the Giants and he has had a good run. It looked as if either Hay Collins or "Buck" O'Brien might be the box selection.
The batting order was:
Boston: Hooper, right field; Yerkes, second base; Speaker, center field; Lewis, left field; Gardner, third base; Stahl, catcher; Wagner, shortstop; Cady, catcher; Collins, pitcher.
New York: Snodgrass, right field; Doyle, second base; Decker, center field; Murray, left field; Merkle, first base; Herzog, third base; Meyers, catcher; Fletcher, shortstop; Marquard, pitcher.
Marquard and Meyers were announced as the batters for New York and O'Brien and Collins for Boston. Klem behind the plate; Evans took the bases; Higgins went to right field and O'Connell went to left field.

THEIR RUNS BY INNINGS.
First Inning.
Boston: Hooper got a single over second, on which Doyle made a fine stop but could not throw the runner out at first. Hooper was caught napping and thrown out. The play was Merkle to Fletcher to Merkle. Yerkes hit to Snodgrass. Speaker walked, after having two strikes called on him. Speaker stole second. Lewis hit out to Devore. No runs, one hit, no errors.
New York: Devore was out. Gardner to Stahl. Doyle scratched an infield hit which Yerkes could not hold in time. Doyle stole second. Snodgrass struck out. Murray got an infield hit. His roller was too slow for Wagner to hold. Doyle went to third on the play. Doyle scored when O'Brien made a balk; Murray went to second. O'Brien made a motion to throw to first but did not throw the ball, which, under the rules, constitutes a balk. Murray scored on Merkle's double to right. Merkle scored on Herzog's double to left. The crowd was in an uproar. Meyers got the infield hit. Wagner made a phenomenal one-hand stop, thereby holding Herzog at third. Herzog scored on Fletcher's double to right, bad throw by Yerkes to the plate. Meyers went to third and scored on a bunt by Fletcher. Fletcher was caught off first. O'Brien in foul. Five runs, six hits, one error.
Second Inning.
Boston: Gardner sat on Marquard's error. Stahl singled to center, Gardner taking second. Wagner struck out. Cady fouled out to Meyers. Collins batted for O'Brien. Gardner and Stahl scored on Collins' two base hit to left, on which Devore made an error playing the ball poorly off the fence. Hooper fouled out to Meyers. Two runs, two hits, one error.
New York: Collins went in the box in place of O'Brien. Marquard hit to Stahl. Devore struck out. Doyle hit to Speaker. No runs, no hits, no errors.
Third Inning.
Boston: Yerkes singled to center. Speaker hit out to Snodgrass. Lewis sent a long foul to Meyers, which was in time. Gardner hit to Murray, it in the air. Hooper singled. No runs, one hit, no errors.
New York: Snodgrass hit to Herzog. Murray singled to right but was thrown out attempting to stretch it into a double play by Hooper to Yerkes. Merkle got an infield hit along the third base line. Merkle was out stealing, only to Wagner. No runs, two hits, no errors.
Fourth Inning.
Boston: Lewis scratched an infield hit third. Snodgrass took Wagner's long fly. It was a brilliant catch, cutting off a possible home run. Only singled to center. Stahl taking third. Fletcher took Collins' grounder and threw to Doyle, catching Cady at second and completing a double play by throwing out Collins at first. No runs, two hits, no errors.
New York: Herzog hit out to Speaker. Meyers drove a long smash to the center field fence for three bases. Fletcher hit to Speaker, Meyers blurted for home but when he saw Speaker's perfect throw he hurried back to third. Yerkes threw out Marquard. No runs, one hit, no errors.
Fifth Inning.
Boston: Collins flied to Herzog. No hits. No runs. No errors.
New York: Devore singled to center. Doyle flied to Wagner. Snodgrass flied to Hooper who threw to Stahl, doubling Devore. No runs. One hit. No errors.
Sixth Inning.
Boston: Lewis fouled out to Meyers. Collins struck out, Stahl struck out. Marquard's speed was bewildering and his curves broke sharply. No runs. No hits. No errors.
New York: Murray flied to Hooper, who came in and took the fall book of Yerkes. Merkle popped to Stahl. Merkle tried to get out of the way of the ball but it hit his bat and flew high enough for Stahl to reach it. Cady dropped Herzog's hit full. Herzog flied to Yerkes. No runs. No hits. One error.
Seventh Inning.
Boston: Wagner out to Merkle. Cady drove a long fly to Snodgrass. Collins flied to Murray. No runs. No hits. No errors.
New York: Meyers out. Collins 19 pitcher flied to Speaker. No runs. No hits. No errors.

WILSON'S FRIENDS

HACK WITH
TWO HUNDRED
THOUSAND

Comfortable Little Sum Spent
on Democratic Candidate's
Pre-Convention Campaign
This Year.
Chairman McCombs
BEFORE COMMITTEE
Mr. McCombs to tell trial of contributions
Washington, Oct. 14. - William F. McCombs of New York, chairman of the national Democratic committee, told the Clapp committee investigating campaign funds today that $218,000 had been contributed to the fund this year in behalf of Governor Wilson's nomination.
Mr. McCombs produced a list of contributors to the Wilson fund. Following were the principal contributions:
Frederick P. Penfield, $11,000; William McAdoo, $11,000; Charles N. Stillman, $10,000; Charles T. Crane, $10,000; H. A. Bartlett, $10,000; F. N. Hubbard, $10,000; George F. Baker, $10,000; H. M. Flagler, $10,000; Abraham I. Pheil, $12,000; Henry Morgenthau, $20,000; Cleveland H. Dodge and Princeton friends, $10,000; Irving T. Bush, $1,000; Joseph F. Gaffey, a Princeton friend of William F. McCombs, $1,000; Samuel Untermyer, $7,000; collected through William O. McAdoo, $3,100, of which amount Jacob H. Schiff gave $1,000.
Mr. McCombs testified that the $12,000 credited to Frederick P. Penfield was all of the money that contributor had given. Senator Dixon of the Roosevelt forces had testified he understood Mr. Penfield had made "huge contributions."
While Mr. McCombs' prepared statement told only $218,000 Mr. McCombs said in total expense for the campaign had amounted to $208,181. He said that represented all the money expended and that no other fund had been collected and disbursed to his knowledge.
Thomas Fortune Ryan was mentioned indirectly as a contributor to two Democratic pre-convention campaign funds before the Senate campaign contributions investigating committee.
Lieutenant Governor Hugh L. McLean of Ohio said Mr. Ryan gave $7,000 to Governor Wilson's fund and Senator Underwood credited Mr. Ryan with $10,000 contributed to the Underwood fund.
Alton B. Parker, Democratic presidential candidate of 1904, witnessed annual expenditures of that campaign. He said he had no knowledge of contributions to the Democratic fund but had given instructions that nothing was to be accepted from corporations.
Mr. Parker said he had only hearsay evidence about Republican contributions of 1904 and had based his charges of that year on that evidence.
Johnson Again Invades Ohio.
Springfield, Ohio, Oct. 14. Governor Johnson today opened his third Ohio invasion with a speech to a crowd, one-third of whose members were women and Progressive leaders.
"Men count for little in this campaign," the governor said, "They are important only in the sense that they have the power to carry out the progressive legislation that the people are demanding and in their records of past performance.
"And that is why I say little about men in my address, I love to dwell upon the cause."
Gardner flied to Speaker. No runs. No hits. No errors.
Eighth Inning.
Boston: Hooper hit to Snodgrass, Yerkes got a single over which Doyle could only reach with his bare hand. Speaker hit to Murray, Lewis flied to Murray. No runs, one hit, no errors.
New York: Devore was out. Collins to Stahl, Doyle caught a high foul to Cady. Snodgrass got an infield hit, his roller to Yerkes being too slow to field. Snodgrass was out stealing, Cady to Wagner. No runs, one hit, no errors.
Ninth Inning.
Boston: Gardner flied to Snodgrass. Stahl sent out a long fly to Murray. Wagner out, Herzog to Merkle. No runs, no hits, no errors.
DECIDING GAME TO
BE PLAYED IN BOSTON
Polo Grounds, New York, Oct. 14,
After the game was over the managers of the clubs tossed a coin to determine in which city the deciding game should be played in the event that New York won tomorrow in Boston. Manager Stahl called tails and it fell tails, and the deciding game will be played in Boston.
New York Cotton.
New York, Oct. 14, Cotton spot closed quiet; middling uplands, 10.90; middling gulf 10.10, Bales, 100,000.

TURKEY DEFIES
CHRISTIAN
Mussulman Troops to Invade
Servia; Minister Notified to
Leave Constantinople Upon Short
Notice
PROFFERED MEDIATION
OF POWERS DECLINED
Montenegrin Troops in Bloody
Encounter With Sultan's
Forces; Four Hundred Dead
and Wounded.
By Leased Wire to Evening Herald
Constantinople, Oct. 14. - Turkey today took up the gauntlet thrown down in the Balkan states and events in the Near East culminated in what is believed to be the inevitable general outbreak.
The sultan's ultimatum for the introduction of reforms in Macedonia and conditionally suspended the offensive itself, humiliating Servia.
Servia's reply, in Christian simple, is W. H. Ill. or leave it. Minister of his government in Constantinople was notified by his government today to prepare to leave on the sultan's notice.
The participation of Greece in the conflict was almost assured in the Athens government's deliverance of an ultimatum demanding the release of Greek ships seized at Constantinople.
More success has followed the determined advance of the Montenegrin armies under King Nicholas and Prince Danilo.
The Montenegrins lost 100 killed and wounded in their attack on the town of Bijelopolje in the San Jak of Novipazar, says an official report received by the Montenegrin consul general here, and the Turks who fled under the battle to Scutari are said to have suffered heavily.
General Matkovitch's advance guard encountered a body of Turkish troops from Tarakoch and inflicted a loss of 100 killed and wounded in the battle while the Montenegrin casualties totaled 100.
ITALIAN LINES
IN PERIL
By Leased Wire to Evening Herald
Ish guverniiiment declines to allow the powers to intervene in the Italian question. Its reply in the representatives of the powers is awaited in the Austro-Hungarian embassy here. It is understood.
STIR ON SERBIAN
FRONTIER PHOYLKM
Belgrade, Servia, Oct. 14 - A body of Turkish troops crossed the Serbian frontier at Istovax, near Vranje, at 7 o'clock this morning and attacked the Serbian garrison there.
Panic went on immediately to
Vranje, 100 miles,
A dispatch from the frontier says the Serbians were surprised but succeeded in repulsing the Turkish attack.
MONTENEGRIN ADVANCE
PUSHES INTO TURKEY
Podgorica, Oct. 14. The Montenegrin troops yesterday occupied another strong point closer to the town of Cimilev, according to the official report of General Vukotic, the commander of that division of the Montenegrin army. The Turks offered stubborn resistance and suffered heavy losses, according to the general.
The Montenegrins also occupied yesterday two other Turkish positions commanding Cimilev.
MACHINISTS JOIN IN
SYMPATHETIC STRIKE
By Leased Wire to Evening Herald
Millville, N.J., Oct. 14. - Mother machinists in handling non-union ore from Bingham, the machinists and firemen at the United Copper mills at Cliffside walked out this morning, bringing the number of strikers at the mills and the American smelter to about 600. The smelter is operating with its reduced force.
Slow Progress With Due.
By Leased Wire to Evening Herald
Ely, Nev., Oct. 14. One hundred men were put to work at Copper Flat this morning by the Nevada Consolidated Mining company, whose employees are on strike. There have been no hostile demonstrations.
Government steam shovel men have been engaged to go to work but the shovels were not started this morning. This action may cause a walk out at the mill and smelter at McGill, as the union men there adopted resolutions to remain at work only while an attempt was made to break the strike at the mines.
MILLIONS OF
NEAR EAST

HAM DOLLARS

MONTHLY

PAID

SECRETARY
Bookkeeper in Ironworkers'
Headquarters Identifies
Checks With Which Wrecking Crew Was Paid.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
SUPPLIED MURDER FUND
By Leased Wire to Evening Herald
Hamilton, Ohio, Oct. 14. Checks by which the government charged the International Association of Ironworkers and Structural Ironworkers allowed J. J. McNally, $1,000 a month to be expended were identified by Mrs. A. J. Hull of Hamilton at the dynamite conspiracy trial today. Mrs. Hull, who was a bookkeeper for McNally at the Ironworkers' headquarters in Hamilton when explosives about the country were fired, testified "I knew of the checks" in which "emergency fund" was written.
Frank A. Clancy, San Francisco; H. H. Hall, Philadelphia; Cole and Millman H. P. Healy are alleged to have paid $1,000 to McNally's fund.
CENSOR OF PUBLIC
CHARGED
Los Angeles Prosecutor Faints
When Warrant Is Served
for Alleged Indiscretion
With Negro Girl.
By Leased Wire to Evening Herald
Los Angeles, Oct. 14. - Henry F. Plead, city prosecutor and official censor of morals, was served with a second warrant today, charging him with having contributed in the compilation, "Alum Jones," aged 16, is an illiterate Negro girl. The warrant was made public upon him.
MINERS CAUGHT IN
Rescue Work Desperate
to Save Eighty Men Impounded in Tasmanian Colliery.
By Leased Wire to Evening Herald
Hobart, Tasmania, Oct. 14. Hundreds of rescuers are battling against flames and smoke to save eighty-six men impounded in the North Mount Lyell mine. The fire started through the blowing out of a motor fuse last Saturday. In a few minutes dense black clouds of smoke began to pour from the mouth of the mine tunnel where 150 men are known to have been working.
Tottering and exhausted, seventy-six men who had been working at the 700 foot level, succeeded in reaching the surface through the smoke that time and again threatened to suffocate them. One died after he got out.
LID ON TIGHT DURING
DENVER CARNIVAL WEEK
By Leased Wire to Evening Herald
Denver, Oct. 14. Notwithstanding the recent decision of the state supreme court in granting a writ of supersedeas in the so-called Honor cases, President A. A. Hakeley of the fire and police board announced today that the laws governing the sale of liquor in cafes and hotels on Sunday and after midnight will be enforced. Mayor Hakeley holds that the police must enforce the law while it is on the statute books. This is taken to mean that the lid will be on tight during carnival week.
TWO MORTALLY HURT
IN AUTOMOBILE WRECK
By Leased Wire to Evening Herald
Chicago, Oct. 14. An automobile containing five men ran at full speed early today against the brick wall surrounding Howard park. The collision fractured the skulls of two of the men, broke several ribs of another and splintered the left leg of a fourth passenger. The fifth man received many cuts about the face and soul.
Henry Fsolionbing and Frank Hurley who were the most severely injured, are expected to die.

MORALS

WITHM

CONDUCT

FLAMING

DETAILS OF PLOT
TO ASSASSINATE
ROSENTHAL
Bloodthirsty Threats Alleged
to Have Been Uttered by
Lieutenant Becker Repeated to Court.
OFFICER WANTED TO CUT
OUT VICTIM'S TONGUE
By Leased Wire to Evening Herald
New York, Oct. 14. William J. Shea, secretary of Police Commissioner Waldo, was the first witness called by the prosecution today when the trial of former Police Lieutenant Becker was resumed.
Shea, who is a former newspaper man, was asked to identify his signature on a document handed to him by Assistant District Attorney Moss.
The document was a communication addressed to Becker and attached thereto were letters indicated by the witness as having been in his opinion written by Becker. Shea said he had signed the document at the direction of Commissioner Waldo.
In the plea that the witness had given only his "opinion" as to the authenticity of Becker's signature, the defense objected to the introduction of the papers.
Judge DeCoff refused to allow the papers to be admitted and "Mr. Big" Webber was called.
He said his real name was Louis but he was a gambler.
He had known Herman Rosenthal for 12 years and Jack Rose the same time. Becker, he had known for two years, having first met him in Jack Rose's place and the next time in the rear of his (Webber's) poker rooms.
Did you ever have a conversation with Becker about Rosenthal?
"Yes, with Harry Vallon and Jack Rose, the latter part of June. Becker said 'the d-- is trying to do me in every way. He's trying to see Waldo, the commissioner, and now he's going to get to Whitman. That d-- has got to be stopped; he's got to be croaked before he gets to Whitman.'
I said, 'Charley, that's a pretty dangerous thing to do, to murder a man.'
That's all right,' said Becker; 'he's got to be stopped.' "
Webber told of a subsequent meeting with Becker.
"What are you doing about that Rosenthal?" Becker said to me, Webber testified. "He's doing me. He's got to be croaked."
"I said, 'Charley, he's going to be taken rule of. You're liable to see it in the papers any day.' "
Webber which then told of meeting Rose and telling him of Becker's intention that "the job" be done.
Webber described the inception of the murder plot. Rose had agreed to get the firearm together at his poker rooms on the night of June 16th. On that night he (Webber) saw Becker and Jack Sullivan at a prize fight, left them and went to his poker rooms. "Lolly Louie," Jack Rose, Harry Vallon, "Hyp the Blood," Sam Schepps and "Dago Frank" appeared on the scene, Webber said.
Rose asked me if I knew where Rosenthal was," Webber testified.
"I went to the Metropolitan and saw Rosenthal there. I came back to my place and said, 'Rosenthal is in the Metropolitan.' Then they all went out but Rose. I stayed five minutes and then left."
Webber said he was not at the scene of the murder until after Rosenthal had been shot.
"I saw the body on the sidewalk," he testified. He met Becker after the murder near his poker rooms with Jack Rose and Jack Sullivan.
"I congratulate you, Jack; a good job," said Becker, Webber testified. "This is terrible, Charley," said Rose. "They've got the number of the machine."
"Never mind," said Becker; "I'll take care of you and the gang."
Webber testified he heard Becker say at the time:
"I just saw him (Rosenthal) laying there in the police station, and I'd like to have taken my knife and cut out his tongue as a warning for future squealers."
"Then Becker said," Iho witness continued, "I passed the Cadillac about 1:30 in my machine and told the chauffeur to go slow so that if I see that Rosenthal up against the wall there I could have taken a shot at him."
Webber next corroborated Rose's story as to paying him $1,000 to get the murder crew out of town and was turned over to the defense.
"Were you ever ruled?" asked Attorney McIntyre.
"Yes."
The witness told of half a dozen raids on various gambling places he had conducted.
"You've been a gambler all your life, haven't you?"
"Yes."
The witness admitted that his place was an opium joint, but insisted that he never had taken opium or morphine himself though he had sold opium to others for two years.
Roosevelt Left for Home.
Chicago, Oct. 14. Colonel Theodore Roosevelt refrained from speech making today in order to save his voice and rest the muscles of his throat which developed, according to yesterday's report.

WEBER

no man alive

uiiiuLa psshs KlH

n m mm isaiHHHHWHfsisai. h wm bmshm mm mmmt

II UUUL.1J illlllftai $

MURDEROUS
WYOMING:
GONVICIS:

F 1
Two Men Dead; Several At$
Wounded and Score of Harsh
Criminals at Large
As Result of Prison Out
break.
SEARCHERS ORDERED
TO SHOOT TO KILL
Warden Compelled to Take t
Bed With Badly Broken
Leg Received When Escaped
Falls During Chase.
By Leased Wire to Evening Herald
Laramie, Wyo., Oct. 14. Two
dead. 0t
CHARLES BROSSNER, barber shot by convicts.
ANTONIO PAZO, leader of raiding convicts, shot by deputy sheriff, wounded: 1
Bert Talbert, liveryman, stabbed
bed by Antonio Pazo. 1
Convict, shot by Marshal T.
Hayes. 1
Two more convicts reported
shot by posses. 2
Heavily armed posses from Rawlins, Hartville and Bassett started out this morning to rocky hills between here and the Colorado line and kill the escaped convicts from the Wyoming penitentiary who are at large.
Wyoming searchers have been ordered to shoot to kill on sight, several men have been wounded and no quarter is expected on either side.
A report reached here this morning that another convict had been shot five miles south of town, but this has not been verified.
Warden Alston, who was in the hills hunting for the convicts who escaped yesterday, learned of yesterday's outbreak when he returned to town at 6 o'clock this morning. He immediately took charge of the search, leading the new posse which left Laramie at daybreak. Deputy Sheriff Taylor is in command of the men from Rawlins.
No report has been received from the posse which last night surrounded six convicts in a canyon south of Laramie.
The men in hiding are among the dozen or more convicts who escaped from the state penitentiary here yesterday afternoon after they had overpowered the guards within the prison, took their weapons from them and fled down the main streets and through yards of private homes, terrifying men, women and children.
The convicts paused in their mad dash for freedom when they came upon a livery barn, secured horses and sped toward the hills before citizens could arm and give chase.
Antonio Pazo, a Mexican herdsman, is leader of the convicts in the break for liberty, was shot to death by Deputy Sheriff Bush Flomer, who hit the Mexican as he started on horseback for the hills, after having slashed Bert Talbert across the leg and head with a butcher knife. Talbert is the owner of the livery barn.
Charles Brossner, a barber, was shot to death while walking along the street.
Five of the convicts who escaped yesterday were captured last night. They were: Convict Elliott, Frank Stewart, Hurko and Allmore.
Desperate fighting was reported in the prison between convicts and guards, following the outbreak, but reports that several men, both guards and convicts were killed before quiet was restored late at night, are unconfirmed.
Eleven of the twenty convicts who broke out of the penitentiary Saturday afternoon after overpowering the cell house keeper and securing keys, are still at large.
Reports received here at noon state that Sheriff McCourt of Sweetwater county and five deputies close on the trail of convicts Heard and Murke, sentenced for murder, and Convict Backstrom, a short man in the hills several miles southeast of Laramie. Backstrom is wounded, but able to ride. The convicts, mounted and armed, are said to be.
Convicts Bert Dalton, Mrs. Mitchell said to have crossed the railroad about three miles southwest of Laramie and headed for the Colorado line.
```