L

ALBUQUERQUE MORNING JOURNAL
August 28, 1921.
Mr. Goodell Gives Notable Dinner-Dance; Many Visitors Here;
Pre-nuptial Affairs for Miss Asselin Occupy the Society Girls

THE gayest week in society for many months has just passed with a profusion of dinners, bridal luncheons, bridge parties, dances, and receptions for out-of-town visitors. There has been something going on every day of the week in honor of the popular September brides and a number of evening affairs. It really required an extra long nap this morning to catch up from it all, didn't it?

The real social season which we have been anticipating for so long is almost on. We can tell, because clubs of several varieties which are really the basis of dozens of convivial little annual events are beginning to organize for the winter. Dining members are coming up from their summer vacations to take their places in the ranks of bridge devotees and many new clubs are now in the process of being organized.

Another indication, the stags are beginning to worry about whether the dance is to be formal or not. That's understood in the primmer circles in Albuquerque. And formal dances with all their delightful observances are beginning to take a prominent place in the social program. The really big reception is the next stage in the progress toward the formal entertainment season.

J. F. GOODELL ENTERTAINS

One of the most elaborate formal parties of the early social season was the dinner-dance given on Saturday night at the Country Club by J. F. Goodell in honor of his friends, the three Hilton brothers of Socorro. Senator and Mrs. Holm O. Bursum of Socorro were also guests of honor.

The affair was the occasion of a rare visit of the three brothers in New Mexico at the same time. Connie Hilton, who is well known here but who now lives in Dallas, Tex., Lieutenant Carl Hilton of the U. S. navy, and August Hilton of Socorro.

A seven-course dinner was served at 7:30 o'clock. An electric lighted fountain in a bed of asparagus ferns with pink and white asters formed the centerpiece of the table with trailing ferns the length of the table and deep pink candles lighted at intervals. Table favors for the ladies were premium pink and white roses. The room was decorated with baskets of asters, dahlias and ferns.

Dancing followed the dinner, the festivity coming to the climax with the opening of a large surprise ball in the center of the room which contained carnival favors that were immediately appropriated by the guests. Horns, confetti, bobbing balloons, clown hats and serpentines to vie with syncopations of the orchestra, and all that makes a very gay affair.

The guests were Senator and Mrs. Bursum, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Gray Gwinnup of Tulsa, Okla., Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Cooper, Mr. and Mrs. George C. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Bisk, Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Keleher, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. White, Mr. and Mrs. Henry G. Coors, Jr., Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Lasseter, Minnie Claire Bursum, Miss Katherine McMillen, Miss Alexandra Vaughey, Miss Susan Cuni of Socorro, Miss Evangeline Perry, Miss Sara Bowden of Thomson, Ga., Miss Maybelle Lovelace, and Messrs. C. H. Hilton, Lieut. Carl Hilton, August Hilton, Charles Lembke, Lyman Putney, Ernest Landolfi, Arthur Prager, Frank Westerfeld, Louis Hesselden, Grover Divine and Walter Bisque.

RECEPTION FOR WIFE OF SENATOR BURSUM.

An afternoon reception that was full of both social and political interest was that given yesterday afternoon at the home of Mrs. G. J. Breece on West Copper avenue by the women of the Albuquerque Bursum club. The guest of honor was Mrs. Holm O. Bursum, who is a visitor in Albuquerque for the first time since her husband was appointed to the senate.

The reception was not an invitation affair, any woman who desired to meet the wife of the senator being welcomed. Many women during the afternoon to pay compliment to Mrs. Bursum and her daughter, Miss Claire Bursum, who was here with her. The fact that the wife of the senator is a very delightful woman is of course not to be taken into consideration at the polls, but no one can deny that she is an argument in favor of his re-election to such a high position of honor which she is well qualified to carry off.

The reception was preceded by luncheon at the Alvarado hotel at noon in honor of Mrs. Bursum. Those present were Mrs. Bursum, Miss Susan Fitch, her guest from Socorro, Mrs. A. A. Kellam, Mrs. A. R. Stroup, Mrs. F. R. Coon, Mrs. H. B. Hening, Mrs. Guy Rogers, Mrs. Henry R. Brown, Mrs. W. C. Reid, and Mrs. R. P. Barnes.

RECEPTION TO INTRODUCE VISITING FIANCEE.

An afternoon reception to introduce to the younger set of Albuquerque Miss Frances Spencer of Colorado Springs, whose engagement to Donald Wilson has been announced, was given on Thursday by Mrs. John W. Wilson at her home on South High street. About 60 guests called during the afternoon to meet the young woman who will later come here to make her home.

Miss Spencer was a student at the University of Colorado when she first met Mr. Wilson. She attended Colorado College at Colorado Springs for a year and later went to Boulder where she lived at the Pi Beta Phi chapter house as a member of the sorority. She is spending the month of August here as a guest in the Wilson home.

Violin and vocal music was furnished during the afternoon by Mrs. J. D. Clark, who played several violin numbers and by Mrs. Elizabeth Bradford, who sang several selections. Both were accompanied by Mrs. George Everett. The friends of Mrs. Wilson assisted her in entertaining. Mrs. A. H. Conner and Mrs. T. F. Gladding presided at the table in the dining room, and Miss Margaret Chadwick, Mrs. J. W. Van, Mrs. H. F. Robinson, Dr. Margaret Cartwright, Mrs. Charles Kiech and Mrs. Temperance Winn were assisting in the parlor. Miss Vera Kiech presided at the punch bowl.

The reception room was decorated in dahlias of rich varieties and a color scheme of yellow and white was carried out in the dining room. Among the guests were several out-of-town visitors: Miss Clare Bursum of Socorro, who is the house guest of Miss Margaret Lee; Miss Alle Atkinson of Roswell, who is visiting Miss Eleanor Anderman, and Miss Bebe Son of Georgia, who is the guest of Mrs. B. T. Lasseter.

BUSY WEEK FOR FRIENDS OF BRIDE-ELECT.

Miss Laurene Asselin as the next September bride is the charming excuse for daily succession of social events given by her girl friends. Dinner parties, luncheons, dances, bridge parties and teas have been showered on her in an almost bewildering profusion.

The first and most formal event of the week in honor of Miss Asselin and her fiancé, Joe McCanna, was a dinner-dance given on Monday night by Dr. and Mrs. R. Fred Pettit at their home. The young people who are the most intimate friends of the honorees were invited, some of them attending the dinner and a larger crowd coming in to dance later in the evening.

The dinner guests were Miss Asselin, Miss Grace Stortz, Miss Bernice Hesselden, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Gray Gwinnup, Joe McCanna, Ray McCanna, Louis Hesselden. The dancers were Miss Pearl, Miss Nell Fly, Miss Hortense Switzer, Miss Ruth Tompkins, Miss Irene Herkenhoff, Miss Julia Keleher and Miss Genevieve Tierney; Arthur Prager, Carson Peck, R. C. Lenihan, William McDonald, Charles Lembke, Sam Pollock and Mr. Donahue.

On Wednesday Miss Julia Keleher entertained at luncheon at the Alvarado for Miss Asselin. Bridge was played at the Country Club in the afternoon. Miss Keleher's guests were: Miss Asselin, Mrs. P. F. McCanna, Mrs. Ralph Keleher, Mrs. Herbert Asselin, Mrs. Harry Gray Gwinnup, Miss Genevieve Tierney, Miss Bernice Hesselden, Miss Grace Stortz, Miss Virginia Carr, Miss Irene Herkenhoff and Miss Katherine Keleher.

Mrs. Earl L. Knight entertained informally at bridge on Tuesday for Miss Asselin, and Miss Grace Stortz gave a beautiful luncheon for the bride-elect on Thursday at her home on West Gold avenue. Sixteen guests sat about a big round table which was decorated in yellow and white dahlias and bridal wreath. The various items on the delicious menu also carried out the yellow and white color scheme.

Pre-nuptial affairs for the coming week are a bridge-tea to be given by Miss Bernice Hesselden on Monday afternoon and a small bridge party at which Mrs. George Farr will be hostess on Tuesday.

MISS ELIZABETH KERR IS ENTERTAINED.

Miss Elizabeth Kerr of Kansas City, who is the house guest of Mrs. G. A. Schumaker, on East Central avenue, is being entertained extensively during her visit here. A number of parties have been given in her honor during the past week.

A morning bridal luncheon for Miss Kerr was given on Friday at the home of Mrs. Schumaker. The guests came to play bridge in the cool of the morning and were served with a delicious three-course luncheon about 1 o'clock. Garden flowers were used in table decoration and a small corsage bouquet of roses was presented as a favor to each guest.

The guests at the luncheon party were Miss Kerr, Mrs. Roy Graham, Mrs. R. F. Pettit, Mrs. B. F. Copp, Mrs. Vers Lane, Mrs. D. F. Nolting, Mrs. Thomas Benton, Mrs. Thomas Danahy, Mrs. Frank Blersmith, Mrs. Carl Mulky, Mrs. Jack Roberts, Mrs. T. B. Mitchell.

Mrs. Vers Lane entertained at a delightful breakfast ride Thursday morning in honor of Miss Kerr. The party took an early morning ride about the city, returning to the home for breakfast, which was daintily served. There were six in the party.

Mrs. Jack Roberts gave a luncheon for the visitor and her hostess on Saturday and an automobile party of the Schumakers and their friends will visit Isleta pueblo today. Miss Kerr will return to her home in Kansas City on Thursday.

EXHIBITION OF ARTIST'S WORK WEDNESDAY.

Miss Elizabeth Clark Hesselden, who is an art student at Columbia University in New York, will hold an exhibition and sale at her home at 1100 West Central avenue on Wednesday afternoon. She will show some attractive and artistic trays, linens in Indian designs, dainty glassware and a number of other novelties which are acceptable as gifts. She expects to return to New York in the middle of September.

Mrs. V. P. Edle, a former resident of the city, but now living in Los Angeles, is here for a visit with relatives.

PRETTY FROCK FOR FIRST FALL PARTY

FASHION NEWS.

The gowns for the parties and dances of early fall are now being shown and they are very simple and attractive, particularly those for the debutantes and younger matrons. Here is a pretty dance frock which recommends itself for its simplicity for its smartness. It is fashioned of orange-colored chiffon worn over a flesh slip. The bodice is a simple affair cut with a V in the front and back. There are pleats in the frock. The skirt is one of the new type featuring an uneven bottom. Large scallops of color and brown satin are placed between the points of the skirt, forming the uneven frock. A frock like this may be worn on any formal occasion and makes a charming little costume for the country club dinner or early season reception.

What about skirts, anyway? French women are going slowly and American women will go even more slowly. However, the very short skirt is gone. For some women who never did take up the very short skirt and there were a very great many even among the smartly dressed who did not, this means to stand pat so far as it is concerned. The skirt that touches or nearly touches the toes will be extreme for many months, as it surely is now.

Sleeves are better established than the very long skirt. For the most part sleeves are either very short or very long, although the three-quarter sleeve has received the approval of two or three French dressmakers.

The sleeve that is long and tight seems to be sidetracked for the present. American women seem to have taken to the low heel, built on a sole which has a high arch and a medium rounded toe, for street and sport wear rather more than the Parisian. The latter clings more to the very short, round vamped shoe, which, while making the foot look diminished as to length, broadens it proportionately. And also, she likes the very high heel.

The extreme sandal cut, low at the sides, is much desired by some. Quotations from the French on fall hats:

"Turbans with sectional crowns, and with elaborately worked cuff brims, are featured in leather, in duvetyn, or in combinations of velvet and metal cloth, or cire silk and panne."

"Cleft brims are featured both in large picture shapes as well as in medium sized toques. Tricornes are again being featured, and are shown in many novel forms."

"Hats in colored felt and in black felt are strongly emphasized, not only for sport, but for dressy occasions. Black is favored for dressy hats and large picture shapes are shown covered with black satin and trimmed with black or with colored ostrich plumes. This because of the coming vogue for black in suits, coats and frocks."

DANCES.

An informal dancing party in honor of Miss Frances Spencer of Colorado Springs, who is a guest at the home of Mr. and Mrs. John Wilson, was given last night by Miss Margaret Chadwick at her home at 801 West Tijeras avenue. About ten couples were present.

The High School-Varsity bunch gave one of its informal summer dances at the Woman's Club on Friday evening. Music was furnished by a three-piece orchestra.

With the approach of the winter social season the Knights of Columbus are beginning their series of entertainments, one to be given each month at St. Mary's hall. The first was held on last Tuesday evening beginning at 8 o'clock. A program of musical numbers was given during the evening. Miss Hortense Switzer and William McDonald sang a duet. Miss Eleanor Lynch played a violin solo and William McDonald sang a well solo. Miss Irene Herkenhoff acted as accompanist for all of the numbers. Dancing and cards were the order of the evening. About 78 couples were present. The committee in charge of the party was:

WEDDINGS.

Greenfield-Kamers.

University friends of Miss Cora Lee Greenfield of Roswell were interested in the announcement of her marriage to Archibald Kamers at Roswell on Wednesday. The couple passed through Albuquerque on their way to Bishop's Lodge, where they will spend their honeymoon. They will make their home in California, where Mr. Kamers will be employed by the National Exploration company. Mrs. Kamers attended the university several years ago and has visited the city frequently since. She is a member of Phi Mu fraternity.

Menke-Flournoy.

Announcement of the marriage of Miss Rose Menke and Eldridge D. Flournoy of this city in Denver on August 10 has been received by friends here. The bride spent several months here last winter, making her home with a married sister. She was employed as chief clerk in the Santa Fe law office. Her home is in Nebraska, and she attended the State university there. Mr. Flournoy is employed by the Springer Transfer company here. The couple will return to Albuquerque to make their home.

Gibson-Smith.

Miss Mabel Gibson and Stanley Q. Smith, both of Deering, Maine, were married on Tuesday by the Rev. S. Alonzo Bright.

ADD ORGANIZATIONS SOCIETY'S G

The Sunshine Circle of the Rebekahs held a meeting on Wednesday afternoon at the home of Mrs. G. W. Walter at 507 North First street. Mrs. Johnson, Mrs. Wenbourne and Miss Griffin assisted in entertaining. A large crowd of Rebekahs was present.

Hanley-Harrison.

Cards are out announcing the marriage of Marian G. Hanley, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. P. Hanley of 228 North Walter street, to John Harvard Harrison at Santa Barbara, Calif., on August 28. The groom is a well-known oil man of Los Angeles and vicinity. The couple will make their home in California.

Frankenberger-Braslin.

The ninth wedding to be celebrated from the Western School for Private Secretaries in its rather brief but highly successful second year as a matrimonial bureau will be held tomorrow night in Espanola, N. M. Clarence Brasher, a federal vocational student at the school, will be married to Miss Gertrude Belt Frankenberger of Espanola, who is a member of a well-known family in this state. Mr. Brasher was formerly connected with the U. S. Indian service at Espanola. The school takes a great delight in this "match," but cannot claim any responsibility for it, since the bride was not a student.

An elopement of a couple of students at the "Keleher school" has become a common occurrence.

ENGAGEMENTS.

Herkenhoff-McDonald.

Announcement of the date of the coming marriage of Miss Irene Herkenhoff and William McDonald on September 12 has been made to their friends. The ceremony will be performed at the 8 o'clock mass at the Church of the Immaculate Conception. Miss Herkenhoff will be attended by her sister, Miss Viola Herkenhoff, and Mr. McDonald will have Hiram Herkenhoff as best man. The couple will take a honeymoon trip to California.

Valasiadys-Mageen.

The marriage of Miss Anna Valasiadys and Tony Mageen of Vinita, Okla., will take place on September 8 at the Masonic temple. Mr. Mageen has recently arrived in the city from Vinita, where he is a well-known business man and a Shriner. The bride-elect is a sister of Mrs. Alex Janos, wife of the proprietor of the De Luxe cafe and a sister of Gus Valasiadys, one of the proprietors of the "Five and Ten Cent" cafe. The ceremony will be performed in the hall of the Masonic temple by an orthodox priest from a Greek church in Denver.

COUNTRY CLUB DANCE FOR GEORGIA VISITOR.

Miss Sara Bowden of Thomson, Ga., who is a guest at the home of Dr. and Mrs. E. T. Lasseter, was honored at an informal dancing party at the Country Club Thursday evening. The hostesses were Mrs. Lasseter and her sister, Miss Maybelle Lovelace. The guests included about twenty couples of the young society folks who are still to be paired miscellaneously and congenially at dances. In other words, the affair was distinctly not a gathering of the young married set of the city, although one of the hostesses has recently become what is usually called a "young society matron." The evening was spent in informal dancing with a supper to top off the festivities.

Miss Bowden, a cousin of Dr. Lasseter's, arrived last Sunday to spend two weeks or so in the city. She has been entertained informally at bridge and tea a number of times during the week, and is a charming special guest at the larger social affairs of the season.

LEROY YOTT

Violinist

Private or Class Instruction.

Phone 2412-R-2.

P. O. BOX 107, City

DON'T LET YOUR KIDDIES GROW UP without having a good picture of them. It will mean much to you in the years to come.

THE MILNERS

WALTON STUDIO

515 West Central

Phone 928

PARTIES

Miss Alle Atkinson of Roswell, who is visiting sorority friends here, was honoree at a pretty bridge party given on Friday afternoon by Miss Betty Arnot, Miss Eleanor Anderman and Mrs. Geo. Anderman at the Anderman home on North High street. Seven tables of bridge were played during the afternoon, and a dozen or so friends dropped in at tea time. Decorations in the autumn yellows and browns were used about the rooms. The young girls who assisted the hostesses in serving were Miss Bertie Arnot, Miss Josephine Milner and Miss Margaret Bunn.

Miss Atkinson is on her way to Tucumcari, where she will teach domestic science this winter. She is an alumna of the State university. Mrs. Carl Mulky entertained at bridge on Thursday afternoon at her home at 1008 Forrester avenue. Golden rods were the motif of the decorations. A two-course luncheon was served after the games. Her guests were Mrs. Russell Mead, Mrs. Frank Roberts, Mrs. Harry Strong, Mrs. Harry Asplinwall, Mrs. C. W. Potter, Mrs. B. W. Wiles, Mrs. James Gladding, Mrs. T. W. Telfer, Mrs. Kenneth Baldridge, Mrs. J. H. Bowers, Mrs. Eva Hyre, Mrs. Homer Spitzmesser, Mrs. Claude Spitzmesser, Mrs. S. M. Lyons, Mrs. D. W. Eubank, Mrs. Claude Schumaker, Miss Elizabeth Kerr, Mrs. Roy Graham and Mrs. L. H. Chamberlain.

Sidney P. Heath entertained at a 6 o'clock dinner at his home in the Highlands on Thursday evening. His guests were Miss Catherine Hill, Miss Juliet White, Mrs. Carrie Purcell and John C. Terry.

Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Harrison of 814 North Second street entertained a number of friends on Thursday evening in honor of Mrs. C. S. Collister, who is visiting here from Murphysboro, Ill. Mrs. Collister will return home next week. The guests at the affair were Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Bowdich, Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Kuhn, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Votaw, Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Scott, Mr. and Mrs. Joe Bowdich, Mr. and Mrs. John Venable, Mr. and Mrs. T. Brodell, Mrs. William Bowdich, Mrs. Nellie Rowe, Mrs. Cecil Collister, Miss Mary Nolan, Miss Grace Scott, Miss Margaret Leslie, Miss Mary Scott, Miss Josephine Harrison, Miss Stella Brodell, W. S. Arp, A. A. Barton, Roscoe Votaw, Alex Bowdich, John Venable and Howard Collister.

Mrs. G. W. Bond entertained at an afternoon affair on Wednesday in honor of two out-of-town visitors. Miss Dorothy Dean, who is the house guest of Miss Mary MacArthur, and Miss Sarah Bowden, who is a guest at the home of Dr. and Mrs. E. T. Lasseter. About 25 guests were present. Ferns and summer garden flowers were used in decoration of the rooms. Entertainment was furnished during the afternoon by Mrs. E. B. Garcia and Mrs. Roy Graham, who gave a pianologue, and Miss Susie and Miss Georgia Davenport, who gave some vocal duets. The hostesses were assisted in serving by Mrs. H. J. David and Miss Manuel Paltenghe.

Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Keleher, Jr., entertained at a dinner party on Thursday evening to celebrate the birthday of Mrs. Harry McAvoy. Fourteen guests were present.

A camping party at Bear Canyon was held during the past week by seven girls, who camped out from Monday to Friday in the mountains. They spent their days hiking and playing games and their evenings around the campfire, where they toasted marshmallows and read stories. The campers were Miss Erma Dotson, Miss Thelma Dotson, Miss May Lynch, Miss Nellie Lynch, Miss Bessie Lynch, Miss Lorna Shelton, Miss Henrietta Shelton and Mrs. Bendry, their chaperone.

About thirty-five students of the Western School for Private Secretaries enjoyed an automobile picnic at Tijeras Canyon last night. A number of stunts were staged about the campfire after supper. Miss Margaret Keleher of the school was the official chaperone.

Miss Barbara Walt and her sister, Miss Marjorie Walt, entertained at two tables of bridge on Wednesday afternoon at their studio on West Central avenue.

BRIDGE PARTIES GIVEN FOR SOLDIERS.

A number of small afternoon bridge parties of two tables or so are being given by friends of Mrs. J. F. Mullen in honor of her sister, Mrs. Keaton, who is visiting here from Alabama. Mrs. Mullen has given a series of informal parties at her country home north of the city, the last of these being on Thursday. Mrs. R. W. D. Bryan had two tables of bridge for Mrs. Keaton on last Saturday afternoon and Mrs. Sam T. Vann entertained for her on Friday. Mrs. J. W. Elder entertained at bridge Wednesday afternoon of this week for Mrs. Keaton also.

One of the smart affairs of the week was a small bridge tea given Friday afternoon by Mrs. John F. Pearce in honor of Mrs. Keaton and her sister, Mrs. Mullen. Several tables of bridge were played during the afternoon and a number of guests came in for tea. Decorations were huge bouquets of beautiful dahlias.

CLUBS.

This is the time of year when new clubs are forming as the nucleus for the indoor social life of the winter. The newest, smallest and youngest bridge club in the city has just been organized and held its second meeting this week. It is composed of four young high school girls who are conscientiously poring over Hoyle or Elwell or the latest authority. The members of this club are Miss Margaret Bunn, Miss Ernestine Hunning, Miss Tinsley Burton and Miss Elizabeth Cooper.

There is also another new club of girls which sprang up overnight. This organization is called the "Dandy Dozen," which name leaves one much in the dark as to the objects and nature of the club. Meetings are to be held each Monday evening, the first one being at the home of Miss Mollie Ehadel on West Lead avenue this week. The evening was spent in organizing and planning the year's program, which still remains a mystery as far as the outsiders are concerned. The club will meet this week with Miss Julia Slaughter at 224 South Sixth street. Other members are Miss Margaret John, Miss Mary Webster, Miss Irma Wolking, Miss Lulu Kendrick, Miss Margaret Hartzel, Miss Dorothy Mann and Miss Florence Reynolds.

ALBUQUERQUEANS MEET ON FIFTH AVENUE.

Albuquerque is not badly represented in New York this summer. Strolling down Fifth avenue one day last week Miss Sydney Wilson of Philadelphia, and formerly of Albuquerque, where her father, Joseph R. Wilson, still has offices, and Mrs. Alida F. Sims, also of this city, dropped in to Mary Elizabeth's famous candy shop for a cup of chocolate.

"Well, there's Bob," they exclaimed, and dashed up to find "Bob" buying chocolates for his aunts. The three sauntered down Fifth avenue to the Waldorf, where Mrs. Zollers, Mrs. Bucher and Miss Anne Bucher, El Pasoans who are well known in Albuquerque, have been spending the summer. Mrs. Bucher and Mrs. Zollers are sisters of Mrs. W. S. Hopwell. The party lunched at the Waldorf, and then Miss Wilson, Mrs. Sims and Mr. Hopwell ran out to Forest Hills, L. I., where the French Lenglen met so dramatic a defeat Tuesday in the world's women's tennis tournament, and called upon Miss Virginia Herely and Teddy Herely, former Albuquerqueans, who are staying there.

The Herelys have spent a year in the tropics since leaving New Mexico, and have been in Cuba, Panama and Costa Rica, where Mr. Herely is interested in oil. Virginia and Ted were popular members of the younger set in Albuquerque. "Bish" Hewdeh was expected to arrive at the Forest Hills hotel the next day, and Miss Angelica Howden had left the day before to join the family at their summer place on Long Island after a short visit with Miss Herely.

The opening of the play season is in full swing. Probably a number of the musical comedies and musical dramas will be seen in Albuquerque this winter. Nothing new on the roof garden dance floors of the big hotels, nor at the dance halls has been seen in dancing so far. There is in fact less cheek dancing and suggestion of world shimmy movements in public places than at the Albuquerque affairs.

Clothes, clothes, are everywhere. Visitors to New York or to fashionable places about New York have an idea that nothing they have will do and they must get some very new and smart things. A well-dressed woman in Albuquerque, or in Roswell, is well dressed in New York. The same with a poorly dressed woman. Many fascinatingly chic girls on the street are not at all suitably dressed for the street. And what we are going to do now that clothes are growing longer is undoubtedly occupying a large part of the combined mind of femininity, and I daresay of masculinity, too! No longer will Fifth avenue and Broadway afford the most in

MORE OF SPECIALLY

PRICED HOME NECESSITIES

Cotton Filled Comforts, extra large size, best quality silkoline covered, regularly $5.00. Sale Price, $4.00.

CLUBS.

This is the time of year when new clubs are forming as the nucleus for the indoor social life of the winter. The newest, smallest and youngest bridge club in the city has just been organized and held its second meeting this week. It is composed of four young high school girls who are conscientiously poring over Hoyle or Elwell or the latest authority. The members of this club are Miss Margaret Bunn, Miss Ernestine Hunning, Miss Tinsley Burton and Miss Elizabeth Cooper.

There is also another new club of girls which sprang up overnight. This organization is called the "Dandy Dozen," which name leaves one much in the dark as to the objects and nature of the club. Meetings are to be held each Monday evening, the first one being at the home of Miss Mollie Ehadel on West Lead avenue this week. The evening was spent in organizing and planning the year's program, which still remains a mystery as far as the outsiders are concerned. The club will meet this week with Miss Julia Slaughter at 224 South Sixth street. Other members are Miss Margaret John, Miss Mary Webster, Miss Irma Wolking, Miss Lulu Kendrick, Miss Margaret Hartzel, Miss Dorothy Mann and Miss Florence Reynolds.

ALBUQUERQUEANS MEET ON FIFTH AVENUE.

Albuquerque is not badly represented in New York this summer. Strolling down Fifth avenue one day last week Miss Sydney Wilson of Philadelphia, and formerly of Albuquerque, where her father, Joseph R. Wilson, still has offices, and Mrs. Alida F. Sims, also of this city, dropped in to Mary Elizabeth's famous candy shop for a cup of chocolate.

"Well, there's Bob," they exclaimed, and dashed up to find "Bob" buying chocolates for his aunts. The three sauntered down Fifth avenue to the Waldorf, where Mrs. Zollers, Mrs. Bucher and Miss Anne Bucher, El Pasoans who are well known in Albuquerque, have been spending the summer. Mrs. Bucher and Mrs. Zollers are sisters of Mrs. W. S. Hopwell. The party lunched at the Waldorf, and then Miss Wilson, Mrs. Sims and Mr. Hopwell ran out to Forest Hills, L. I., where the French Lenglen met so dramatic a defeat Tuesday in the world's women's tennis tournament, and called upon Miss Virginia Herely and Teddy Herely, former Albuquerqueans, who are staying there.

The Herelys have spent a year in the tropics since leaving New Mexico, and have been in Cuba, Panama and Costa Rica, where Mr. Herely is interested in oil. Virginia and Ted were popular members of the younger set in Albuquerque. "Bish" Hewdeh was expected to arrive at the Forest Hills hotel the next day, and Miss Angelica Howden had left the day before to join the family at their summer place on Long Island after a short visit with Miss Herely.

The opening of the play season is in full swing. Probably a number of the musical comedies and musical dramas will be seen in Albuquerque this winter. Nothing new on the roof garden dance floors of the big hotels, nor at the dance halls has been seen in dancing so far. There is in fact less cheek dancing and suggestion of world shimmy movements in public places than at the Albuquerque affairs.

Clothes, clothes, are everywhere. Visitors to New York or to fashionable places about New York have an idea that nothing they have will do and they must get some very new and smart things. A well-dressed woman in Albuquerque, or in Roswell, is well dressed in New York. The same with a poorly dressed woman. Many fascinatingly chic girls on the street are not at all suitably dressed for the street. And what we are going to do now that clothes are growing longer is undoubtedly occupying a large part of the combined mind of femininity, and I daresay of masculinity, too! No longer will Fifth avenue and Broadway afford the most in

THREE DAYS OF OUR MONTH END SALE

Like all other good things, our most successful Month-End Sale must come to a close, and the end comes on Wednesday, August 31. But between now and then you have got a practically complete selection in Linens, Bedding, Waists, Hosiery, and Ready-to-Wear, at our very special Month-End Sale prices. They cannot be continued after this sale closes.

A FEW SUGGESTIONS FROM THE

CQ Self Pattern Cloths, all linen Irish weave, 72x72 inches, regularly $8.00. Sale Price, each $6.00.

CQ Mercerized Cloths, of the finest Irish weave, size 70x70 inches, regularly $6.00. Sale Price, $3.75.

CQ Table Damask, all linen, Irish quality; bleached, 70 inches wide, regularly $2.50. Sale Price, yard, $2.00.

CQ The Beacon Brand, of fancy wool finished Blankets, size 66x70 inches, regularly $9.00. Sale Price, pair $6.50.

"The Growing Store!"

Phone 283.

Snail Shells-Are Only Trimming on This Hat

This French model hat, shown in a recent exhibition in New York city, is a decided novelty. It is trimmed lavishly with nothing but snail shells.

Mrs. W. P. Combs' private school will open its sixth term Sept. 12th, 9 a. m. Kindergarten, first and second grades. Transportation can be arranged for a limited number.

418 W. Silver. Phone 1389-W

GREAT ARRAY

CQ Hemmed Cotton Sheets, extra fine, best quality, seamless, size 81x90 inches. Sale Price, $1.15.

CQ The same quality Sheet in 72x90 inch size. Sale Price, $1.05.

CQ Pepperell Sheeting, bleached, 81 inches wide. Sale Price, per yard, 60c.

CQ Unbleached Sheeting, 81 inches wide. Sale Price, per yard, 47c.

CQ Ladies Silk Hosiery, Gordon make in black, brown, and white. Regularly $1.75. Sale Price, pair $1.25.

CQ Japanese Cloths, fast colors, in blue and white, 48x48 size. Sale Price $1.50.

Same in 60x60 inch size. Sale Price, $1.50.