SIX

Albuquerque Morning Journal, Saturday, April 17, 1920.

Albuquerque Morning Journal
ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS
Published by
Journal Printing Company.
CARL C. MAGEE, President. Y. A. MACPHERSON, Secretary.

CARL C. MAGEE . . .
J. A. MACPHERSON
C. T. ANTHONY
RALPH H. MULLIGAN

Entered as second-class matter at the post office of Albuquerque,
N. M. under act of Congress of March 3, 1879.

TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION
Daily, by carrier or by mail, one month, 50 cents; yearly, in advance, $9.00.

"The Morning Journal has a higher circulation rating than is
accorded to any other paper in New Mexico." The American News
paper Directory. The only paper in New Mexico issued every day
in the year.
MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use, for re
publication of all news credited to it or not otherwise credited in this
paper and also the local news published herein.

SATURDAY

WOMEN IN POLITICS.
A new factor has been introduced into American politics with the
enfranchisement of women, now a practical certainty. The party
leader who thinks this means merely an added number of voters of
the same kind and character as the male vote is, we feel, reckoning
badly. If he bases party policy upon such a calculation he is riding
for a fall.
Women are the natural protectors of childhood. For ages the
child has received not only his physical care but his moral training
and protection from the women.
Instinct has led the mother to follow the child beyond the home
and to give protection to his moral surroundings in his natural environ
ment. She knows, without formulating it into words, that men break
down and make a failure of life more often at the moral point than
at the mental. In other words, that lack of character and bad habits
more often make him a failure in life than lack of ability to handle
his business affairs.
The inevitable corollary is that women have become, constitutionally
and temperamentally, the guardians of the morals of the state and
nation.
Party titles will mean less to them than to men who have had it
beaten into them that party loyalty is a practical necessity.
In the face of a moral issue no party will be able to hold the party
loyalty of a majority of the women.
Party leaders are also due for a disillusionment in the matter of
their ability to determine in advance by the old expedients of polling
the voters, and other "practical" means, what election results will be.
For ages women have been repressed and dominated by their self
constituted lords. Physically the weaker, for ages without property
rights, almost until this day without a voice in government, woman has
been compelled to protect herself by her diplomacy, her arts and fre
quently by the concealment of her real purposes. Her husband may
wish to gamble a little, drink a little, play practical politics for per
sonal gain at the expense of the public, a little. He is a "loyal wife,"
wishing he would not do these things, but loving him still and desiring
harmony at home she will often be silent when he preaches to her
about the course they should pursue in an election. She will often
seem to agree, but in the secrecy of the voting booth, with only God
looking on, she will generally do what she deems right for the public
good and what she feels will put restraints upon the weaknesses of
husband or son and remove his temptations.
All of which should be a warning to Republican leaders in New
Mexico that a great, forward-looking, constructive program for the
advancement of the well-being of the state which can command moral
respect must be adopted if in the on-coming campaign it is to receive
the support of the woman voter. Let no aspirant for party honors
overlook this new factor.

SENATOR FALL AND THE STATE CONVENTION.

Echoes are still heard of the recent state convention at Santa Fe.
One may hear anything which it will please him to hear about the in
side workings of that body.
That Wood received an instructed delegation and that Senator
Fall refused to accept a place in the delegation if instructed in favor of any candidate, are about the only two facts concerning which there
are not conflicting rumors.
Some insist upon interpreting the outcome as a defeat for Senator
Fall. If by that is meant a personal defeat, an evidence of waning
popularity, the conclusion is hardly warranted by the facts.
That the judgment of Senator Fall, that it would be the wiser
course not to instruct the delegation at all, was not the judgment of the
convention is doubtless true.
Much could be said pro and con upon that subject. But it is hardly
worth saying in view of the fact that the convention has already acted
and the status is fixed.
What the result might have been had Senator Fall been present
in person and had regarded the matter of sufficient importance to
justify bringing his magnificent fighting qualities and personal magnet
ism into play, is pure conjecture. The judgment of the convention
might have been reversed.
Nobody was opposing General Wood. Other considerations were,
no doubt, influencing the senator in his judgment.
The man, friend or opponent, who concludes that the result was
significant, as far as it personally concerned Senator Fall's political
fortunes, is putting an interpretation upon the net of the convention
which will mislead him. It was without personal significance.
The convention so understood and regretted his positive declina
tion to be one of an instructed delegation.

BLACK TROOPS IN THE

The federal grand jury at Santa Fe went on record for the removal
of the colored infantry from Columbus on account of smuggling of
narcotics and liquor by the troops, or for their use. The Deming Graphic
says that as the regiment has been located at Columbus three years its
members can vote in the November election. So the Republicans are
viewing with alarm the proposed shift of several thousand black voters
whose presence caused uneasy feeling among the Democrats of Luna
county.
Opportunity is hammering at the door, for the black boys would
be welcomed on the Sonora border, where Americans will soon need
more guards against neighbors. The colored troops would like nothing
better than to get into action and a transfer until after November
might help to accomplish what an Indian told President Wilson the
big war was for "to make the whole dam world safe for the Demo
cratic party."

BOOSTERS.

The word may not be in the
dictionary but the species exists in numbers in
New Mexico.
A booster is one who boosts, of course. But he doesn't boost a
schooner or a private snap. He boosts his home town, his home en
terprises and his home state. He is an optimist. He believes he lives
in the best town of its size in the world, in the very best state in the
union, and that both are going to double in population in a short time.

A booster goes every day on every coming enterprise prize. He boosts a
needed hotel; he boosts digging drainage ditches; he boosts laying
pavement; he boosts good schools twenty-four hours every day. And,
if there are enough of him, he soon gets concrete results.
Money doesn't build cities. Men and women do that. Money is a
lifeless, inert thing. It can do nothing by itself. But boosters do
things. Among the things which they do is to draw money to their
town as it is drawn to a magnet. The money does not walk to their
town, but kindred spirits, with money in their clothes, ride to the town
and stay there. Like attracts like and so boosters draw boosters.
Nobody loves a dead one. Energy, push, get-up-and-go are as
attractive as the first flower of spring. "It's a live town, I like it," is
trite talk in the booster's town. Everybody says it.
The booster understands teamwork. He doesn't try star playing.
He hits the line hard with his elbow touching his teammate,
New Mexico has traditions, climate, undeveloped resources, every
thing necessary to make her a great state in population and wealth.

Editor
Manager

BUSINESS

INDEPENDENT AGENTS
Monroe Building, Chicago, Ill.
48 East Forty-Second Street, New York

April 12,
WOOD PILE.
dictionary but potentially, at
Albuquerque and every other
town at least,
Your town has the possibilities of infinite, substantial expansion. It
merely needs men and women with the spirit of crusaders,
You have your Chamber of Commerce and other civic organi
zations. They supply the vehicles to carry your united efforts. It isn't
the other fellow's club it is yours. Your energy, your faith your
services can speed it up. It is accomplishing things
the more boosters in it. Never
you do not like. If he is for your town recruit him
the booster game.
A stale federation of commercial clubs would
Mexico's choicest assets. It builds state spirit. The
to supplement, each other. It
your ally, not your antagonist.
Join the boosters and boost,
enjoy the job.

Both the telegraph companies have voluntarily reduced rates 20
per cent since Congress took the lines away from Surleson, who raised
rates. Nor has the pay of operators been cut. Maybe an increase by
Surleson was necessary. It seems to cost the government more to
operate utilities than it does for private enterprise.

"As the People View It"

A change in ownership of the Albuquerque Morning Journal last
week is an important and welcome
piece of news to thousands of the
paper's readers and advertising
patrons. We say welcome news not
because the paper has hitherto
failed to satisfy its readers, but
principally because the new owner,
Carl C. Magee, in declaring the
principles and future policy of his
newly acquired and valuable pos
sessions will meet with wholesome
approval and support of all the
paper's old patrons and augment
their number with a clientele of new
ones and as a natural consequence,
maintain its high and permanent
standing as the best daily publica
tion between Denver and Los An
geles. In speaking thus of the Al
buquerque Morning Journal we do
so as a matter of personal pride in
what was once our first love in
journalism in New Mexico. Many
a day and night of hard work and
solicitude was our lot from 1913
to 1917 to keep the wolf from the
door, the devil wielding the ink
roller, and the want of sufficient
funds when the ghost was sup
posed to take his weekly roam
made. It is the trials and tribula
tions that attend the establishment
of a daily newspaper. But we can
now take consolation in the com
forting fact that after all, good has
come out of our arduous toil, the
Morning Journal is now a fixed and
prosperous institution. An essential
part of a successfully conducted busi
ness is the minute, careful attention and
officience at the business end of a concern and
the Morning Journal has been par
ticularly fortunate in having the
services of Mr. J. A. Macpherson
as business manager of the paper.
For over nineteen years the zealous
care and attention to box office re-

THE JUNIOR JOURNAL

Junior Journal, Junior Journal, Junior Journal
Newspaper run by boys

CHARLES RICE, age 12, and RUSSELL HEW,
Pressmen and Typists.

WOMAN LOOPS THE LOOP
TIMES.
A French woman performed a
daring feat before the aerial club
of Paris. She looped the loop in
an airplane 27 times. She was at
a great height when she did this
stunt. This performance broke
all previous records. She was the
first woman to receive an aviation
license since the war.
SOME THINGS WE SHOULD KNOW.
Indians made use of crude oil
before white man began to drill
for it or even knew what it was.
Lemuel Wood is showing great
progress in his drive for the
presidential nomination.
JOKES.
One day a little boy was on the
top of a barn and suddenly his foot
slipped and he started sliding
down the shingle and he said, "Oh Lord
save me" just before he reached
the edge of the roof he caught
on a nail and said, "Never mind
Lord I caught on a nail."
Now see it this way.
When a person comes in contact
with electricity and it catches
their clothes on fire, don't throw
water on them for if you do the
electricity will go up the water
and kill the person throwing it.
In case of fire on your clothing
don't run for that will make the
flames burn faster, but lay down
and roll over and over and if a
rug or blanket is handy take that
and roll up in it and that will
smother the flames.
Everybody remember these
rules.
HEAR TRACKS.
Chapter four.
When Tom reached the farm he
was very tired but the owner of
the farm was waiting for him
because he expected him home
and would have had all the cow
boys go and look for him if he
did not show up. He went up to
Tom to ask him how he got
along on this trip. Tom said that
he got along all right and found
the stray cattle. The owner was
very glad at that news. Then he
asked Tom if he saw any bears
Tom was very lily at this
question but told him to leap
into the wagon. He saw the huge
bear and below Tom was telling
the truth when he said that
he had killed it.
The man went in the house and
called the cowboys that were
eating supper what had hap
pened they all rushed out and shook
hands with him. And said he
TODAY'S EVENTS
Today is the 100th anniversary
of the birth of Martin Dickerson,
governor of New Jersey and sec
retary of the navy under Jackson
and Van Buren.
General John J. Pershing has
accepted an invitation to speak to
the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation of Providence, R. I.
The Massachusetts state conven-

tion will assemble at Fitch
burg today and continue in session
until Tuesday.
In Washington, D. C., will take
place the marriage today of Miss
Mabel Christie, daughter of Mrs.
Peter Christie Stevens of that city
and Frederick C. Hicks, represen
tative in congress of the First New
York district.
Irvine L. Lenroot, United States
senator from Wisconsin, is to be
the principal speaker at a dinner
to be given in Houston tonight by

NOTA
Bene
I had a fearful dream last night,
I dreamed all I had on was a red
blanket, and I dreamed I was out
in the street taking a walk in it,
and I looked around and who was
walking right in back of me but
Mary Watkins and Loretta Min
cer, me thinking, "Oh, I hope noth
ing happens to this blanket."
And suddenly all of a sudden a
fearsome wind started to blow in ev
ery direction at once, and the
more I tried to hold the blanket on,
the more it kept blowing off, me
thinking, "Holy smokes, this is
fearsome!" And I said, "Why don't you 2
girls walk somewhere else, this is
no place for 2 girls."
Why ain't it? said Mary Watkins,
and Loretta Mincer said, "You tend
to your own business and we'll tend
to ours." And I kept on walking
thinking, "Oh wiz, they ought to have
sense enough to realize I only got a
blanket on."
Just then 2 men came up
with big badges on their chests,
one saying, "I see one now," and the
other one saying, "Let's have a look
at that blanket, young fellow."
Who said so? I said, and the first
man said, "We said so, we're blanket
inspectors, don't you see our badges."
And they looked at the blanket and
the first man said, "Just as I thought,
it belongs to the government," and
the second man said, "Take it off, young
fellow."
It's all I got, I said, and the man
said, "Well, it's all we want." And
Mary Watkins and Loretta Mincer
was still standing back there look
ing, and the 2 men grabbed a hold
of the blanket and started to pull,
and I yelled like everything and
woke up just in time. And just
then pop looked in my room in his
pajamas, saying, "What's all the
hollering about?"
Was I hollering? I said, and pop
said, "I'll say you were."
And I went to sleep again and
dreamed I was an angel.
the Swedish-American Republican
club of Massachusetts.
Today is the date set for a hearing in the federal court in San
Francisco of Jack Dempsey, the
champion heavyweight pugilist,
and his manager, Jack Kearns,
both of whom are charged with
conspiracy to avoid the draft.
In the Day's News."
General De Goutte, who is in
command of the French forces oc
cupying the east side of the Rhine,
as a counter measure against Ger
man invasion of the Ruhr region
is one of the most able and brilli
ant of the young French generals.
To the people of the United States
he is best known as the com
mander who led the American and French
troops to victory at Chateau
Thierry. General De Goutte made
his first military reputation in the
French colonial campaigns in Tunis
from 1881 to 1883; in Madagascar
from 1883 to 1885; in China in
1899, and in Morocco from 1911
to 1912. At the beginning of the
world war he held the rank of
colonel. His greatest distinction
came to him with the battle of
Ailette, in November, 1917, when
with his army corps he captured
several thousand prisoners, 400
cannon and machine guns, and a
vast quantity of munitions in a
few hours.
Today's Anniversaries.
1699 Marquise de Sevigne, famous
French letter writer, died.
Born in Paris, Feb. 6, 1626.
1790 Benjamin Franklin died in
Philadelphia. Born in Bos
ton, Jan. 17, 1706.
1813 Susan Fenimore Cooper, au
thor and philanthropist,
daughter of James Fen
imore Cooper, born at Scars
dale, N. Y. Died, at Coopers
town, N. Y., Dec. 31, 1894.
The trial of the Cato street
conspirators was begun in
London.
1822
1878 Beginning of great strike of
10,000 cotton operatives in
Lancashire.
1880 Brazil suppressed religious
instructions in the public
schools.
1890 A squadron of warships was
designated to represent the
United States at the opening
of the Panama ship canal.
1918 Director General of Rail
roads McAdoo took over the
operation of the Erie canal.
One Year Ago Today.
French chamber of deputies
passed an eight-hour day bill.
Peace council reported to have
adopted Nansen plan to feed Rus
sia.
Herman troops seized Libau and
overthrew Lettish provisional re
gime.
Today's Birthdays.
William R. Day, associate justice
of the supreme court of the United
States, born at Ravenna, O., 71
years ago today.
Rear Admiral Mark L. Bristol,
in command of the United States
naval forces in Turkey, born at
Glassboro, N. J., 62 years ago to
day. Scott Perry, pitcher of the Phil
adelphia American league baseball
team, born at Corsicana, Texas, 28
years ago today.
Jacob E. Daubert, first baseman
of the Cincinnati National league
baseball team, born at Shamokin,
Pa., 35 years ago today.
AN OLD STORY.
Said Lotta Talk, "No man for me
who has not cash in quantity
a wealthy groom I'll surely wed or
go without a groom instead!"
And so it was that Lotta Talk
would circulate her youthful
squawk, while others prophesied
and guessed that she would fall
like all the rest.
The years have flown and Lotta
raises and peels potatoes, darns and
knits; her husband captures five
a day and she is busy, fat and gay.
Though Lotta used to talk a lot
of what she'd do and what she'd
not, she changed the tenor of her
song when Mr. Rightman came
along.
N. A. Lufburrow.
Copyright, 1920, by The McClure
Newspaper Syndicate.

IS IT YOUR TYPE?
By Marie in Rio.
Copyright, 1920, by McClure
Newspaper Syndicate.
White or pink cheeks and pale.

While among English writers
the rosy cheek is usually regarded
as the more beautiful there are not
a few striking characters in the
great English novels who were
strikingly pale. Take Jane Eyre,
for instance. She says of herself
in Charlotte Bronte's book that
bears that name: "I sometimes
regretted that I was not handsomer; I sometimes wished, to have
rosy cheeks, a straight nose and a
small cherry mouth; I desired to
be tall, stately, and divinely devel
oped in figure; I felt it a misfor-
tune that I was so little, pale, and
had features so irregular and, so
marked." Needless to say, how
ever, it is this pale little Jane rath
er than her more rosy-cheeked
rival who wins the heart of Mr.
Rochester.
It is surprising how much rouge
does continue to be used in spite
of the fact that the really fascinat
ing woman has so frequently been
pale and has allowed herself to
remain pale. There was Madame
de Maintenon, for instance. Her
complexion was ordinarily pale,
with only a very slight tone of
pink, which by the way was never
of the artificial sort, although the
other women of the French court
at that time fairly plastered them
selves with pink and carmine. In
cidentally Madame de Maintenon
was forty-four when she finally
married King Louis XIV, though
it was agreed that she appeared
hardly thirty.
Sir Walter Scott delights to de
pict pale heroines, and of Amy
Robsart in "Kenilworth," he once
says, "the exercise she had just
taken, her excited expectation and
gratified vanity, spread a glow
over her fine features, which had
been sometimes censured for being
rather too pale."
Santa Teresa, one of the most
magnetic women of sixteenth cen-try
Italy, who was quite a beauty as
well as a saint, was another of
those women who possessed a
healthy pallor. Her whole body is
described as being large and white,
with the color of her face pure
white with just a suspicion of red.
An entirely different type of pale
skin is that which is combined with
a tendency to olive. Some of the
most beautiful of Italians possess
this pale olive which does not
seem in any way to betoken a lack
of robustness which is frequently
the case with paleness among the
more florid races.
In Dumas' "Beatrix" he describes
the charming woman for whom the
book is named as possessing what
he calls the "Italian complexion"
"pale olive by day and white un
der artificial light." Needless to
say the woman possessing this type
of complexion would be worse than
foolish to add the "touch of color"
that so many women think is nec
essary when they are to appear in
artificial light. Yet there are many
women who would ignore the

X$m r-9? W

9 The Most Savvy Men Talk

From the records of operation
costs, it is readily seen that the
Paige is a truck of remarkably low
upkeep. The per-mile cost of Paige
transportation is noticeably small.
And, in stamina also, the Paige is
exceptional. Throughout its long
life of uninterrupted usefulness, it

PAIGE-DETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANY,
Manufacturers of Motor Cars and Motor

Phone 321.

I charm of their Italian complexion

and spoil it with rouge.
Sarrazin describes his beloved
Orizel as being of the pale brunette
type. "She was tall and graceful,"
he says, "and very dark. The sun
made her merry, but she looked
more noble when it had set. Then
her color shone with a soft radiant
light, as though the mystery and
sadness and serenity of the moon
were in it. The full beauty of
Orizel came out only at night, like
the stars."
Diana of Poitiers, who was a
brunette, in other respects was very
fair of skin and is described as
"beautiful with a peculiar, white,
smooth beauty." Her complexion
was spoken of as "the clearest and
the most beautiful that was ever
seen." and was apparently none
the less admired by her contempo
raries because it lacked the lingo
of rouge. To imagine that this su
perb creature would have used
rouge or paint would be as absurd
as to suspect such a thing of the
Queen of hunting herself, for
whom Diana was named.
NEW MEXICO NEWS
Another Drilling Well.
Doming Graphic: Another oil
well will be sunk east of the city,
the work to begin by May 20 ac
cording to the terms of the con
tract closed by S. W. Almy and
Clarence Morgan with the Angelus
Oil company of Los Angeles last
week. The company has put up
a $3,000 forfeit to fulfill its part of
the contract. The well to be drilled
by the Angelus company is to be
located on the tract that stretches
in an irregular way from Mesilla
station on the Southern Pacific
tracks south fourteen miles.
Lambs Fat and Frisky.
Magdalena News: Frank Hubbell
and John Y. Otero came in from
Albuquerque last Friday in charge
of a large number of "lambers."
taking them out to the ranches
Saturday. Dave Parr also was tak
ing men out Saturday and Sunday.
Our sheepmen are feeling enthusi
astic over the lambing and expect
this to be the best season for some
time. Some early lambing has al
ready been had and all report bet
ter than an average lamb crop. As
the weather is moderating and
grass coming in it is expected
that lambs this season will be
greater in number than ever be
fore. State Senator Tully Will Retire.
Capitan Mountaineer: Senator J.
V. Tully was in town on his way to
Carrizozo. Mr. Tully says that he
will not be a candidate for reelec
tion, that someone else can have
the senatorial job for the next four
years.
May Abandon King Hospital.
De Baca Graphic: Col. J. R.
Deveraux, M. C. V. S. A., inspected
the local P. H. S. hospital last
week. It is said that he reported

KEEP STRONG

One bottle of pure, emulsified
now, may do you more good
hence. It's more economical
resistance to disease is broken
Scott's

OF PURE NORWEGIAN COD-LIVER OIL

goes a long way in sustaining strength and keeping up re
sistance. Resolve that you will buy a bottle of Scott's

Emulsion at your

home, and start protecting your strength.
The exclusive process of cod-liver oil used in Scott's Emulsion is the famous
"G. & B." Process, made in Norway and refilled in our own American
Laboratory. It is a guarantee of purity and palatability assured.

Scott

Our 2-ton Paige truck is taking 2 tons daily, 40 miles
to Caddo oil fields and returning empty, and using less
than 10 gallons gas for the entire trip. Take it from me,
there is not another make in this field that makes the
trip in less than 18 gallons. Walters & McCracken
Mineral Wells, Texas

daily proves itself equal to the
severest tasks of truck service.
Such considerations as these make
the Paige a most desirable invest
ment. It is a truck that can be
relied upon as both economical and
dependable. No better value can be
found on the truck market today.

C. M. BARBER
Wholesale Automobiles

favorably on the climate and sit

uation, but recommended that the
hospital be abandoned on account
of the state of the buildings
in which the patients are.
Dr. B. C. Huffman and J. A. Mo
loney are in Washington now with
the purpose of informing the pub
lic health service on conditions
surrounding the local hospital and,
if possible, inducing the service to
make permanent improvements.
Romero Raids Gamblers.
Chief of Police H. W. Cornett
yesterday afternoon raided a gam
bling house in the alley behind the
Jaffa-Prager building and when all
was over seven suspects were in
the net. They were all taken im
mediately to police court and the
five pleaded guilty to gambling and
two to vagrancy.
Those who pleaded guilty to so
gambling were: Cruz Lujan, who
because he was an old offender
was given a fine of $50.00 and the
costs. The others were Roberto
Pietro, L. Garcia, M. M. Miranda,
Juan Mirabal, and Severa Pino
were given a fine of $25.00 and the
costs, but $20 of the fine was re
moved. Lawrence Bradley, the
seventh member, was dismissed on
payment of the costs.
384,960 ACRES STATE
LAND SOLD AT AUCTION
(Brief Communication to The Journal)
Roswell, N. M., April 16. At the
Roswell auction of land leases
384,960 acres of state lands were
sold to two bidders, the National
Exploration company and Holm O
Brien of Socorro. The National
Exploration company secured 316,
551.14 acres of land situated in
Chaves county and Mr. O'Brien
secured 68,409.74. Practically all
of the land secured by Mr. O'Brien
lies northwest of the city and that
secured by the National Exploration
company is scattered all
over the county. The bids were
5 cents per acre.
According to the terms of the
lease on this state land the 5 cents
an acre pays for the first year and
the rental for the next nine years
is 10 cents a year per acre. The
leases run for ten years from the
date of the sale, the prior lease be
ing cancelled by the state. The
leases will become perpetual pro
vided that oil or gas in commercial
quantities is discovered within
the life of the lease. If not, all the
lands revert back to the state of
New Mexico.
Under the terms of the lease
contract the state retains a one
eighth royalty in all oil or gas dis
covered or produced.
The National Exploration com
pany bought at public auction this
lease on 14,000 acres of state land
in Lincoln county for 5 cents per
acre.
The National Exploration com
pany bought the lease on all the
state land in De Baca county, Lin
coln county, a large part of Chavo
county and of Eddy county.
Oilman Wants Urgent Results
Norwegian cod liver oil taken
than a dozen taken a month
to give your body help before
down. A very little
Emulsion
druggist's on your way
home. B. Bloomfield, N.J. 1-tl
DETROIT, Michigan
Truck?
414 West Copper