July 28, 1921

ALBUQUERQUE MORNING JOURNAL
Page Three

CUT WILL SEEK

UD'S
Gladding Instructed to Confer With Santa Fe Officials
On Permanent Structure
Over Coal Avenue.
At a meeting of the city commissioners last evening, City Manager James N. Gladding was instructed to confer with officials of the Santa Fe railroad over the possibility of the company's entrance into an agreement with the city relative to the construction of a permanent viaduct over the railroad tracks at Coal Avenue, the viaduct to be strong enough to carry trucks and heavy fire apparatus. This action was taken upon motion of Commissioner J. M. Raynolds. It was unanimously supported by members of the commission.
If the preliminary conference with Santa Fe officials is satisfactory, the city manager will be empowered to draw up a plan of procedure to show what the improvement would cost.
At the meeting last night, the commissioners considered a request from W. C. Reid, solicitor for the Santa Fe railroad, that the recent ordinance requiring the railroad company to keep a flagman at Tierras Avenue crossing be rescinded. Mr. Reid stated in his communication that the company intended to keep the watchman there whether the ordinance was kept on the books or not.
Thomas Hughes objected to the rescinding of the ordinance, since it had proved effective and had achieved what the city had been trying to force the railroad company to do for a long time. The petition was referred to City Attorney W. A. Kelcher with instructions to report to Captain Reid that his request was too late.
A petition was read from the people on South Edith Street asking that the City Electric be required to lower its tracks. The city manager was instructed to supply the company with a grade for its tracks and require the company to keep its tracks at that grade all along the street.
The residents along East Street protested to the amount of water which had been collected along the street during recent rains. The city manager was instructed to proceed with the necessary drainage work to relieve the situation.
A number of requests for additional street lights were received. The commissioners will have a survey of the city before them at the next meeting and may take some action then with reference to added lights, although the finances of the city will not permit much extension, if any.
Upon motion of Commissioner Tysvold, $50 was added to the budget for the band concerts in order that additional players may be added.
It is probable that the commissioners will meet every night during the remainder of the week to listen to the reading of the electric wiring and plumbing licenses.
RECEIVERSHIP TO BE
ASKED FOR MICHIGAN
AVENUE TRUST FIRM
(By The Associated Press.)
Chicago, July 27. A receivership will be asked for the Michigan Avenue Trust Company, it was announced today shortly after it became known that the grand jury had returned indictments against Warren C. Spurling, missing president of the institution. A depositors' protective committee has been formed and when power of attorney is obtained from depositors, action toward having the bank's affairs administered by a receiver will be taken, it is understood.
DEATHS AND FUNERALS
LUCERO The funeral of Navorita Lucero will be held this afternoon from the family residence. The body will be taken to Sandoval for burial, accompanied by her son. Crollott will be in charge.
Cigarettes
The 4 leaf blend
J Crimped
(ao paste).

TRAUC

Do you know
that it is
full of In-
vigorating
Vigorously Minded
V Give SPUR its
Full Ample

CO-OPERATIVE DAIRY OPENS
FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION AT

NORTH SECOND STREET PLANT

Dairymen of Valley to Hold Formal Opening
Today of New $46,000 Plant for Pasteurizing

Milk and Making
Butter, Cheese and Ice
Cream; Public Is Invited.

The new Albuquerque cooperative dairy, which has been in operation at its new up-to-date plant at 321 North Second Street, since July 1, will be thrown open today to the public between the hours of 2 and 9 o'clock in the evening. Visitors will be welcomed to inspect the $46,000 creamery which has been developed by the dairymen of the valley. Dairy products will be served to guests.
The dairy, equipped to handle 4,000 gallons of milk a day, and to make butter, cottage cheese, ice cream and other dairy products for wholesale and retail distribution, is one of the most modern plants in the southwest. The most improved type of equipment and machinery of all sorts has been installed, and the most sanitary methods are used in handling the milk. All milk distributed by the dairy is pasteurized. All milk which is received into the plant from the stockholders and other dairymen is required to be pure and to measure up to the city standards of butterfat content.
Each lot of milk received is tested for butterfat at the plant in large improved Babcock centrifugal tester. The dairymen are paid according to their average test each month.
The milk is pumped first through a large clarifying machine which takes out any foreign matter into a 300-gallon vat where the butterfat content is standardized to 4 percent. It is then pumped through the many steam-surrounded coils of the pasteurizer where it is brought to a temperature of 145 degrees. This temperature is maintained for 25 minutes in a large tank. The milk then falls in a sheet over coils containing brine which brings the temperature down to 45 degrees, into an automatic bottler and capper, which handles 45 quarts a minute. It is then stored in the refrigerator room until time for distribution.
The refrigerator room, which has a capacity of 3,500 gallons of milk, is cooled to 40 degrees by an enormous brine tank overhead. Adjoining it is the "zero room," where ice cream is placed to harden. It is always between four and ten degrees below zero in this storage place. Ice cream is stored here in cans and cartons without being packed. The room has a capacity of 1,000 gallons.
The brine for freezing the ice and cooling the milk and keeping the low temperature of the refrigerator rooms is made with ammonia in a compressor. The brine is pumped in pipes from the compressor to all parts of the building where it is needed. The refrigeration plant for the dairy was installed at a cost of $7,000.
Ice cream is made in a 60-quart Davis-Watkins brine freezer. It will freeze its capacity in from 14 to 20 minutes. The dasher is a complicated affair of many paddles weighing a hundred pounds. Near the horizontal freezer is a 50-gallon vat for mixing the liquid to be frozen. A. B. Shepard, the "ice cream man," is a veteran, about whom the governor of California once remarked: "If you make your ice cream a bit better you'll ruin it."
In the back part of the building are the cottage cheese machine and the power churns in which butter is made. Mr. Easton is in charge of the butter-making, and Roy Fitz, a dairy expert, is in charge of the floor. J. A. Bezemek is general manager of the plant.
A steam bottle-washing machine, in the back part of the plant, assures the thorough washing and sterilization of every bottle. A stream of hot water and steam is forced into each bottle as it goes through the machine. Each piece of machinery is thoroughly cleaned and sterilized by steam twice a day after each delivery of milk. A 15 horsepower boiler furnishes steam for the whole plant.
In the back part of the plant is the distributing department, where the bottles are loaded on delivery wagons. The plant is already running four wagons to its customers. The horses and wagons are kept on the grounds. The entrance where the raw milk is delivered from the dairies is on the side street.
The officers of the cooperative dairy are: J. L. Phillips, president; J. Y. Jacobson, vice president; T. S. Willey, treasurer, and W. D. Little, secretary. In the business office is G. H. Miller, bookkeeper and route man.
The plant will open all this afternoon. It will be running at full blast between 8 and 9 o'clock, pasteurizing and bottling this afternoon's milk supply for distribution in the morning. Cottage cheese milk and ice cream will be served to all visitors at the plant today.
S BELIEF
Clues Found Which May Soon
Lead To the Recovery of
the Body of J. J. Knight,
of Dallas.
(By The Associated Press.)
Phoenix, Ariz., July 27. Clues which may soon lead to the finding of the body of J. J. Knight, wealthy business man of Dallas, Tex., whose abandoned automobile was found on the desert 60 miles northwest of here a week ago last Sunday, were found today by sheriff's posses which have been searching for Knight. This information was contained in a telephone message received here tonight from Sheriff John Montgomery, who is leading the search. He indicated that the clue tended to show that Knight had wandered away from his automobile and perished on the desert, rather than that he had been murdered. The sheriff did not make public the clues.
The searchers today also found a suitcase which contained Knight's clothing, in an irrigation canal, eight miles from where Knight's automobile was found. The sheriff's forces did not attach a great deal of importance to this find, however, as the suitcase was in the car when it was first found, but had disappeared before the automobile was towed into Buckeye, five days later.
KIWANIS CLUB HEARS
PRESIDENT HILL AND
J. H. COONS YESTERDAY
Dr. David S. Hill, president of the state university, and J. H. Coons, of the Mutual Life, were speakers at the Kiwanis club meeting yesterday noon. Their talks were both along educational lines.
President Hill gave some impressions of his recent trip through the east. He particularly boosted Albuquerque's climate, which he claims excels any other variety he encountered in his travels. In speaking of the future of the university, Dr. Hill stated that applications for registration at this time were six times greater than at the same period last year. Mr. Coons' subject was "What Kiwanis Means to Men."
The attendance prize of $50 worth of printing, given by F. J. Baser, of the Commercial Printing Company, was won by Guy Lauderbaugh. Louis Hesselden was elected a member of the club. The club voted to send flowers to Mrs. Pearce Rodey and Mrs. W. P. McDowell by way of felicitation to the son and daughter born to Kiwanis the past week.
FLOOD TOLL REACHES 71.
Pueblo, Colo., July 27. Pueblo's flood toll reached 71 dead today, with the finding of the body of an unidentified man apparently about 70 years old. The body was found when debris was cleaned from the streets in the vicinity of the Union depot.
SPECIAL SALE
On Lawn Mowers: See them today. J. Korber & Co., 208 to 220 North Second Street.

TEXAS PER

ON THE DESERT

STATE'S INCOME

IN FL
State Paid $83,935 Income
Tax in 1916, and $774,
470 in 1919, Says Gov
ernment Statistical Report
Citizens of New Mexico paid almost nine times as much tax to the United States in 1919 as in 1916, according to a compilation of statistics concerning the income tax returns for 1919 received yesterday by B. C. Hernandez, collector of Internal Revenue here. From $83,935 in 1916, the tax paid by the people of this state rose to $774,470 in 1919, and is still increasing, say revenue officials here.
The report shows that the number of personal income returns filed in this state jumped from 813 in 1916 to 10,757 in 1919, an increase of 1,320 percent. A large proportion of this increase, however, is due to the fact that in 1916 only incomes in excess of $3,000 were reported, while in 1919 not incomes of more than $1,000 were required to be filed.
The increase aside from this change is known to be large, however. New Mexico's showing throughout the entire report is good, in the opinion of officials. In almost every classification of returns, including total returns, tax per capita, average income per return, average amount of tax return, net income per capita, New Mexico has shown a marked increase over the state's report in the same classification for previous years. The relative position of New Mexico and other states has also improved, New Mexico appearing well up towards the middle of the list in the tabulation of average income and tax per capita.
Income tax returns for 1920 and 1921 have far surpassed the returns for 1919, it was stated by Robert L. Thornton, chief of the Income Tax Division of the Internal Revenue Office here, when the report for the fiscal year of 1920-1921 was made out at the first of the month. Exact figures on the increase will not be available for some time, but the total will certainly be much greater than in previous years.
POSSIBLE MASSACRE
OF BRITISH TROOPS
IN ERIN DISCUSSED
(By The Associated Press.)
London, July 27. (By the Associated Press.) The possible massacre of British troops in Ireland should peace negotiations fail was the subject of a question addressed to Premier Lloyd-George by Colonel Archer-Shee, in the House of Commons today.
He asked whether arrangements had been made in the truce terms providing for due notice being given of the termination of the truce in the event of the negotiations breaking down, so that the crown forces may not be surprised while unarmed and massacred?
He also asked whether the premier was aware that "plans to carry out such a massacre by surprise are known to exist in a certain area."
Austin Chamberlain, government leader, replying to the questions, said that the government did not propose to confirm or correct the result of Colonel Archer-Shee's researches, but, he added, the government would not overlook safety of the troops.
FARMINGTON MAN IS
SAID TO HAVE FLED
WHILE UNDER BOND
(By The Associated Press.)
Durango, Colo., July 27. Charged with assault upon Frank Allen, near Kirtland, N. M., Saturday night, Garvin Cooker was arrested here today after he is alleged to have fled from Farmington, N. M., Monday, where he was arraigned and held under $1,000 bond.
Allen was struck in the head with a rock, thrown by an unknown assailant late Saturday night while returning to his home at Farmington from a dance. He is in a hospital here in a serious condition, suffering from concussion of the brain. New Mexico officers notified authorities here they would arrive tomorrow to return Cooker to Aztec, where he will be held in jail until his trial.
NEW YORK CENTRAL
PASSENGER TRAIN IS
REPORTED DERAILED
(By The Associated Press.)
South Bend, Ind., July 28. A New York Central passenger train, leaving Chicago at 11:15 o'clock last night, was derailed at New Carlisle, Ind., at 1 o'clock this morning when it struck a heavy truck driven by a farmer from Indiana Harbor, Ind. The engine and every coach was derailed. The engineer, A. F. Johnson, and D. L. Flynn, fireman, are believed to be fatally injured. All passengers of the dozen coaches were considerably bruised.
S SENTENCED TO JAIL
FOR BEATING DAUGHTER
(By The Associated Press.)
Fort Collins, Colo., July 27. Sixty days in jail was the sentence given Charles Armento, who pleaded guilty here today to beating his 14-year-old daughter Mary. The sentence was suspended on Armento's promise to the court not to whip his daughter again. The complaint was made by another daughter.
GIRLS! WHITEN SKIN
WITH LEMON JUICE
Squeeze the juice of two lemons into a bottle containing three ounces of Orchard White, which any drug store will supply for a few cents, shake well, and you have a quarter pint of harmless and delightful lemon bleach. Massage this sweetly fragrant lotion into the face, neck, arms and hands each day, then shortly note the beauty and whiteness of your skin. Famous stage beauties use this lemon lotion to bleach and bring that soft, clear, rosy-white complexion, also as a freckle, sunburn, and tan bleach because it doesn't irritate.

UUPSK

1 YEARS

WAS IT ARABIC,
HINDUSTANI OR
PLAIN CHINESE?

Officials at the Santa Fe station have been congratulating themselves on the excellence of their linguistic department. They felt almost certain that no traveler from any part of the civilized world could fail to receive a reply in his own language to a question regarding tickets or tourist accommodations. Their pride was only the forerunner to a fall, however, as was proven a few days ago. The fall was not a hard one, but rather disconcerting to the linguistic department. It all started when a well-dressed man and woman of foreign aspect stepped off of Santa Fe train No. 1, and after glancing anxiously about the station attempted to engage the station master in a one-sided conversation.
The station master called the porter, the porter listened and summoned a Pullman conductor; the Pullman conductor looked puzzled and called a passing ticket agent; no one recognized the language. The members of the station's linguistic department were called in. They listened, conferred, and listened again. They had never heard the language before. It was decided by the linguists that the language was an obscure dialect of Arabic, for it was reasoned, if it were any other language one member or another of the linguistic staff would recognize it.
Just at the moment that the staff had definitely decided that the language of the distressed traveler was Arabic, a young man came running down the platform and greeted the supposed Arabians volubly. The linguistic staff stood back perplexed.
"Say, what is that language?" one of them finally asked the young man.
"German," was the reply.
"Don't any of you fellows know it?" The linguistic department feels that it failed, though not utterly. German, they say, is not as common as Arabic out here anyway.
ARREST OF 5 PERSONS
HALTS HONEYMOON TRIP
(By The Associated Press.)
Salt Lake City, Utah, July 27. A desert joy ride, a sudden marriage and the arrest of five persons, said to have been traveling in a stolen automobile bearing Maryland and Iowa license numbers, are reported in a message received by the police today from St. George, Utah. The party, including four men and a woman, passed through Salt Lake a few days ago. The police were later informed by Maryland authorities that the car had been stolen and the sheriff at St. George was advised with the result that the arrests followed as the party was en route to California.
Victor M. Dougherty, 23, and Viola Agnes Sweeney, 22, were married just before the arrest, it is said. Other members of the party gave the names of Milton A. Erlonson, E. B. Carson and Gordon Ayre. Carson, the police allege, has a police record in Baltimore and is alleged to have issued bad checks on the journey. Ayre, who is believed to have been an aviator in the Canadian forces, claims that he joined the party at Clinton, Ia.
A WEALTHY PORTLAND
MILLER PASSES AWAY
(By The Associated Press.)
Portland, Ore., July 27. J. Henry Albers, retired millionaire miller of Portland, whose conviction on the charge of violation of the espionage act was set aside recently by the United States Supreme Court and a retrial of the case ordered, died today of paralysis.
Albers was tried in the federal district court, Portland, found guilty and sentenced to three years imprisonment and a fine of $10,003 for alleged disloyal utterances during the war.
A few weeks ago counsel for the Department of Justice confessed error in the case, which was pending before the United States Supreme Court and the court ordered a retrial, which was postponed on account of the defendant's illness.
STEAMSHIP LINE MAY
TEST VOLSTEAD LAW
(By The Associated Press.)
New York, July 27. The Anchor Line, desirous to test whether the Volstead act can prevent liquor from one wet country going through dry United States to another wet country brought 18,000 cases of Scotch whisky today to New York aboard the steamer Cameronia from Glasgow. The liquor was in transit to Bermuda.
Obtaining a temporary injunction, five cases were unloaded and held by the federal marshal's office pending arguments. The case may not be disposed of for some time, however, and there was speculation as to what would happen to the unloaded whisky. If landed it is liable to seizure by customs officials.
MAN IS KILLED WHEN
TRAIN STRIKES AUTO
(By The Associated Press.)
Pueblo, Colo., July 27. B. J. Wallace, 50 years old, was killed here this afternoon when an automobile truck he was driving was struck by a Santa Fe passenger train. Wallace's address is unknown. A letter in his pocket was addressed to S. W. Glacer of Florence, Colo., but he is not known there, according to information received here tonight.
$500 DAMAGES ASKED
FOR DEATH OF A DOG
(By The Associated Press.)
Fort Collins, Colo., July 27. Suit for $500 damages for the death of a dog was begun in the county court here. Frank Hollowell of Loveland, the plaintiff in the action, alleges that Harold McKelson of Francis McKie, a rancher living near Loveland, maliciously ran over his dog, killing it. He asks $100 actual and $400 exemplary damages.
20 AUTOMOBILES ARE
DESTROYED BY FIRE
(By The Associated Press.)
Pueblo, Colo., July 17. Twenty automobiles were destroyed by fire tonight which resulted in a damage estimated at $20,000 at the Henderson Automobile Company. The loss is partially covered by insurance.
A short circuit in the ignition system of an automobile is believed to have caused the fire.

IS REALIZED BY
S
L
Town of 500 Had Courses in
Manual Training, Domestic
Science, Agriculture
and Printing.
(By The Associated Press.)
Kincaid, Kan., July 27. Eight years ago when a fine ten-room school house supplanted the old weather-beaten building that served this community for many decades, the following motto was adopted:
"Learning to do,
Doing to earn,
Earning to live,
Living to serve."
It became known as: "The little school with the big ambition."
With this school as a nucleus, the community center idea has been carried out so successfully that the home folks now are a unit in the belief that the school has well realized its "big ambition."
In the course of these years the population of Kincaid has not greatly increased. It is a little town of about 500. The old school had a staff of five teachers, two in the high school, three in the grade. The high school had an enrollment of eighteen. This was the school that M. L. Smith stepped into as superintendent in 1913. It was here he began working out his ideas on broadening the usefulness and educational facilities of a small town school. Mr. Smith now is head of the department of school consolidation in the Kansas State Normal School at Emporia, a department largely created by himself through his efforts in popularizing the consolidated school district now being adopted throughout the state.
Smith's First Move.
Mr. Smith's first move was to persuade the Kincaid board to build a new school house. He then reorganized the school to fit the needs of the community. Extra teachers were employed and a junior high school was organized. Normal training, domestic science, manual training, agriculture and printing were added to the curriculum. The library was enlarged and additional laboratory equipment provided; the playground cleaned and equipped for the employment of children.
Here is what has happened since then:
In eight years there have been 73 graduates of the high school. Of this number 46, or about 63 percent, have gone to college. In the nine years previous to 1913, there had been 46 graduates of whom 21, or 45.6 percent, went to college.
The high school normal training department has kept the two districts adjoining Kincaid supplied with teachers.
Girls of the domestic science department serve formal and community dinners, and daily lunches for the school children.
The manual training department made tables for the domestic science department; tables and bookcases for the library; playground apparatus and tables and cabinets for the physics laboratory.
The print shop has been put on a commercial basis and paid for itself. It prints the school paper, "The Tattler," and the high school annual, school programs, stationery, commencement invitations and the like. This work is done on a twelve by fourteen job press.
From the printing department, twelve graduates are now working their way through college at the printing trade and two are employed regularly as printers.
Operates a Moving Show.
The agricultural department has sent many to the State Agricultural College, and many to farms. The department tests seeds for local farmers, scores stock, and operates cream separators.
The high school owns and operates the only motion picture show in the town. It is well patronized. The proceeds are turned to school equipment, having paid for the show apparatus, a piano, talking machine, a 1000-set of stereographs and stereoscopes, and additional books to the library.
The school manages a lecture and entertainment course for the entire community. Two literary societies give frequent community entertainments.
Twenty-two students from the high school are attending the Kansas State Normal summer school. Many others are students at the State University, Agricultural College and Pittsburg Normal.
HEAVY FALL OF RAIN
REPORTED AT PUEBLO
(By The Associated Press.)
Pueblo, Colo., July 27. One and forty-nine hundredths inches rain fell here this afternoon, the heaviest rainfall since July 4, bringing the month's total precipitation to 5.26 inches.
Some property damage was done in the lower sections of the city, when gutters clogged and water poured into cellars.
The storm was not confined to Pueblo, heavy precipitation being recorded west and north. Roads to Canon City and Colorado Springs were made impassable by damage to bridges.
BURNS ARE FATAL TO
HEROIC U. S. SEAMAN
(By The Associated Press.)
Honolulu, T. H., July 27. Henry A. Gaddis, seaman of Sherman, Ill., died today of burns received yesterday in an heroic effort to extinguish a fire aboard the U. S. submarine tender Rainbow. Gaddis, who discovered the fire, assisted several others to escape and then turned his attention to fighting it. The ship was only slightly damaged.
Almost
Unbelievable
You can hardly realize the wonderful improvement to your skin and complexion your mirror will reveal to you after using Gouraud's Oriental Cream for the first time.
Stand 15c for Trial Size
FERD. T. HOPKINS & SON
New York

Golden Rule
STORE

Pictorial
Review
First and Central.

JULY

29

FRIDAY
DOLLAR DAY
Prompt at 8:30 the doors will swing wide and we will welcome you with a galaxy of values absolutely unmatchable anywhere.
SEE
WINDOW
DISPLAY

MRS FROM

EGTONS

M GOME HERE

New Mexico Issue of The
Earth Causes Many In
quiries at C. of C. Regarding
Rio Grande Valley.
Farmers from other states and Canada are becoming interested in Rio Grande valley lands through the story which appeared in the July issue of that magazine. The Earth is the official industrial journal of the Santa Fe Railway and the July issue was devoted to New Mexico farming, stock and mining opportunities. The editor spent several days here gathering the data and pictures for the issue.
These were supplied by the chamber of commerce and the local newspapers.
The Earth is sent to almost every section of the United States. It apparently made a great appeal to farmers, especially, and dozens of letters inquiring about farm and land possibilities here have been received at the chamber. Additional information has been mailed to the inquirers, and three farmers from the middle west will arrive here next week for the purpose of looking the land over personally and possibly purchase acreage in the Rio Grande valley near here. Officials of the local chamber believe that chambers of commerce in other New Mexico cities are probably having the same type of inquiries as a result of the issue and expect that a number of families will settle here within the next few months.
N. Y. C. DELEGATION
OF KNIGHTS PASSED
THROUGH YESTERDAY
A delegation of Knights of Columbus and their ladies from New York City and vicinity were greeted at the station platform yesterday morning by a number of local citizens and members of the Albuquerque council. The New York party was the third and last to pass through the city on their way to the international convention in San Francisco.
Several old friends from "back in New York state" were met at the train by George S. Klock, O. N. Marron and Walter M. Connell and others. Souvenirs of the Old Town church and pamphlets regarding Albuquerque were given to the visiting delegates.
Although no member of the Albuquerque council of the Knights of Columbus will be present at the convention, several New Mexico officials will be there. George Herman, of Las Vegas, state deputy, B. P. Davies, of Santa Fe, past state deputy, and A. M. Bergere, of Santa Fe, expect to attend the convention.
BANKERS TO MEET.
Durango, Colo., July 27. With approximately 100 bankers of the five southwestern counties of the state in attendance, the annual meeting of group four of the Colorado bankers' association will open here tomorrow. A number of Denver bankers are also here to attend the convention.

AN INVITATION
Is extended to the people of Albuquerque to attend our formal opening
Today, Friday and Saturday
(July 28-29-30) 2 to 9 p.m.
Visitors received at any above hour, but the plant will be in full operation from 8 to 9 each evening.
It will be well worth your time to come and make this inspection. Nothing will be offered for sale between these hours.
We Will Serve To All Guests Free.
Ice Cream, Milk, Butter, Milk, Butter and Cottage Cheese.
Come eat and drink with us.
ALBUQUERQUE DAIRY ASSN.

Store Hours:
8:30 a.m. to
5:30 p.m.
Saturdays to
9 p.m.

Albuquerque. Phone 541
Itched and Burned. Face a
Sight. Cuticura Heals.
"My face broke out with red pimples and began to itch and burn. The pimples would fester and peel off, and became very sore when I'd scratch and dig at them. My face looked a sight, and I was ashamed to go out or meet my friends.
"The trouble lasted for nearly three months. I read an advertisement for Cuticura Soap and Ointment and tried them, and after using one cake of Cuticura Soap and one box of Cuticura Ointment I was completely healed." (Signed) Miss E. Wood, R. F. D. 3, Box 185, Lents, Oregon, Aug. 26, 1920.
Use Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Talcum for all toilet purposes. It stops itching, heals eruptions. Address: Cuticura Laboratories, Dept. H, Mtida 41, N. Y. Sold everywhere. Soap 26c. Ointment 22c and 60c. Talcum 15c. Cuticura Soap acts with the first rub.
EXECUTIVE CLEMENCY
GRANTED EL PASO MAN
BY PRESIDENT HARDING
(By The Associated Press.)
Washington, July 27. Executive clemency was granted Dr. J. C. Dysart of El Paso, Tex., today by President Harding. The pardon was conditioned upon payment of a fine of $500.
Dr. Dysart was convicted several months ago of selling morphine and sentenced to three years' imprisonment in Leavenworth penitentiary and to the payment of a fine of $1,000.
EXPLOSION KILLS THREE.
Vandalia, Mo., July 27. Three men were killed and three injured at Middleton today when a threshing machine they were operating exploded.
Owing to the vast tracts of snowy land in Russia, cows grazing there in spring frequently are fitted with colored kokirles to save their eyes from the glare.
Resinol
Does
Stop
Itching
That itching, burning skin trouble which makes you scratch, no matter where you are, is a source of annoyance to others as well as torment to yourself. Get rid of it with Resinol Ointment.
The first application stops the itching and in most cases it heals eruptions promptly.
At all druggists.
Send for free trial.
Das. S-I, Bausch, Baicimora, Ill.