pvt. i: tu' o.

THE ALBUQUERQUE MORNING JOURNAL,
Monday, January 20, 1905.

" ' I I-' - ..I.I II .11 I l I., ...I 111 I

The national program is the next matter on the national program. It is interesting to see that two of the strongest of the administration supporters in the recent senate debate were Bailey and Clay, two of the southern senators. Their advocacy of the administration measure is a strong indication of party alignment on the final vote.

SENATE TIME INVESTIGATE THE BOYCOTT

(Continued from Page 1, Column 6.)
At any time, a rule can be brought in and adopted which will put an end to the fun. This, however, would rule only when it became apparent that the dangerous amendments were threatened. There will be no restriction as to speech making."

Monday District Day.
Monday under the rule is district day and then are six bills on the calendar relating to the District of Columbia, which will be considered should they remain. It is not unlikely that the pension appropriation bill will be put through. This bill is ready for action; it is a short measure and there is a disposition to get it through to the senate speedily.

FRENCH KING'S DISHESS OF NORTH P.M. OWNERS IN DARING ORIGINAL FLACK LONDON'S "SEA WOLF."

Victoria, B.C., Jan. 28. A big bulk believed to be the Admiral Courbet is in distress off the Vancouver Island coast near Tofino. The lighthouse keeper reported at 6 o'clock p.m. that the bulk was within a mile of the shore with a big swell setting in, and tugs have been dispatched to her aid. The weather is calm but a heavy swell is carrying the bark shoreward. The Admiral Courbet is a French vessel of 1,400 tons and bound for Tahiti from San Francisco, whence she sailed January 17.

Captain Alexander McLean, who was interested in the ownership of the vessel, was a sealer who has been as a result of sealing recent illicit sealing.

Old Constellation Has Narrow Escape From Fire Demon
Naval Station at Newport Destroyed. Apprentices Rescued in Nick of Time.

Newport, R.I., Jan. 28. Several buildings connected with the United States naval training station at Coasters Harbor Island, in this city, were destroyed by fire tonight, causing an estimated loss of $100,000.

One of the burned buildings contained all of the small boats and cutters used for practice purposes. All were destroyed.

Several apprentices in single irons were confined in the detention building at the time the fire broke out. Physical Instructor Joseph Kirby liberated them by heroic efforts. When he reached the detention building he could not see the young prisoners on account of the smoke, but they answered his call. Followed by a line of men, Kirby made his way to the smoke when the boys were in confinement and passed them back one by one to the men behind him and so out on to the sea wall. In passing over the sea wall two of the manacled boys fell overboard, but were rescued.

For a time the famous old frigate Constellation, which is used as a practice ship at the station, was in danger of destruction but prompt work on the part of the firemen saved the ship.

This is the first for moon in Washington. Jan. 28. The critical point in the Franco-Venezuelan situation which seemed imminent has passed for the moment, as France has announced that she will await "a propitious time" for such action against Venezuela as she has decided upon. It is intimated her desire is to await the conclusion of the Algeciras conference before involving herself with Venezuela.

Norwegian Cabinet Minister Out.
Christiania, Norway, Jan. 28. Dean Knudsen, minister of ecclesiastical affairs, resigned today in consequence of differences with the other members of the cabinet concerning the appointment of a non-Lutheran professor of theology in the university of Christiania. This is the first cabinet difficulty he has experienced by King Haakon.

Burglars Loot Postoffice.
Vandalia, Ill., Jan. 28. Burglars blew open the safe in the postoffice at Brownstown, this county, and secured postage stamps amounting to $400 and a small amount of currency.

MONTEZUMA TRUST COMPANY
ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO
Capital and Surplus, $100,000.00.

INTEREST ALLOWED ON SAVINGS DEPOSITS

This is the second time this office has been robbed in two years.

OIL CROSSES ISTHMUS THE CLIMATE

24,000 BARRELS A DAY THROUGH BIG PIPE LINE

come notorious
radical and the

nils. to H. H. Ring's in the schooner
Cartenclta.
Jack London, novelist, stated McLean was the foundation for the character of Larsen, "the sea wolf," of his novel of that name and he has since a
The Sea Wolf:
with his brother, Dan McLean,
who died some years ago, was engaged in sealing on the Pacific coast for many years and on one occasion was last by the Russian cruiser Aleut, when sealing off the Copper Island with the American schooner Janes Hamilton Lewis, and he then most daringly tried to disable the cruiser by throwing a cable about her propeller. The attempt did not succeed and he and his crew were imprisoned. He is responsible for a number of sealing raids, the last being in August of 1914, when he tried to raid Copper Island and was driven off by the shore guards, two of his men being shot. It was in consequence of this raid that the United States secret service is now started work and orders were given for McLean's arrest. When he was absent on his voyage last year with a crew of thirty-one men from San Francisco, the owners at San Francisco were indicted and are out on bail and a warrant was issued for McLean, which was never served.

UNPARALLELED WEATHER DUE TO STRANGE INLAND SEA

To Protect Policy Holders.
Paris, Jan. 18. Decrees dealing with governmental control of French insurance companies, in order to safeguard the interests of policy holders, appear in the Official Journal today. No mention is made of the foreign companies doing business here.

Plot to Kill Viceroy.
Peking, Jan. 28. It is reported that a plot has been discovered to assassinate the American consul at Canton, J. G. Lay, and the viceroy of Kwangtung province. No confirmation of the report can be had here.

Only Churches Standing.
Herlin, Jan. 28. The governor of Samoa reports that a volcanic eruption on the Island of Savaii has destroyed all the plantations and buildings except two churches.

SHAKE IT OFF.
Hide Yourself of Unnecessary Burdens.
An Albuquerque citizen shows that a load back are unnecessary. Don't hear of unnecessary burdens. Get rid of them. Doan's Kidney Pills cure bad backs; cure lame, weak and aching backs; cure every form of kidney ills. Lots of local endorsement to prove this.

C. A. Hall, a machinist in the roundhouse of the Santa Fe shops, residence 201 Atlantic avenue, says: "I have had attacks of pain just across that part of my back immediately over the kidneys, some of which lasted an entire week. When they occurred there was no let up to the aching, and naturally I was on the lookout for something to check the trouble, if not radically dispose of it. The last medicine I tried was Doan's Kidney Pills. To say that they are worth recommending feebly expresses my opinion of them. They quickly removed the trouble."

For sale by all dealers, price 50 cents. Poster-Millburn Co., Buffalo, N.Y., sole agents for the United States.

Remember the name Doan's and take no other.

OF THE-

First National Bank

Albuquerque, New Mexico
AT THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS, NOVEMBER 9, 1905

RESOURCES
Loans and Discounts $1,350,056.00
Bonds, Stocks, Real Estate 62,332.00
Banking House and Furniture 38,500.00
United States Bonds $309,000.00
Cash and Exchange 1,370,300.21
TOTAL $3,130,784.81

LIABILITIES

Capital and Profits 208,105.58
Circulation 200,000.00
Deposits 2,632,580.23
TOTAL $3,130,784.81

DEPOSITORY OF THE A.T. & S.F. RAILWAY SYSTEM

NEW MEXICO MEAT MARKET
Andres Homero, Prop.
Fresh & Salt Meats
11 West Gold Avenue, Albuquerque

GAME IN SEASON.

W. L. Trimble Co.
Livery, Feed and Transfer

First Class Turnouts at Reasonable Rates.
New Phone 125. Old Number 2

McSpadden, the exchange man, 300 South Broadway.

L. C. Avery has a few road cows that he will sell out at a bargain. Call and see them at stable on Copper avenue, near O.W. Wrong's.

IF YOU
Telephone Us
For your Drug Supplies
you will be surprised and pleased to see how promptly you will receive the goods. Use Either Phone
B. H. Briggs & Co.

Furns. Alvarado Pharmacy
First St. and Gold Av.

O. N. Man-on, President J. B. Herndon, Cashier
THE STATE NATIONAL BANK
of Albuquerque, New Mexico
Capital $100,000.00
Surplus and Undivided Profits 15,000.00
The State National Bank solicits a share of your business upon the basis of sound progressive banking, liberal and accurate treatment. Correspondence or a personal interview solicited.

WITH AMPLE MEANS AND UNSURPASSED EFFICIENCIES
THE BANK OF COMMERCE ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.
EXTENDS TO DEPOSITORS EVERY PROPER ACCOMMODATION AND SOLICITS NEW ACCOUNTS.

CAPITAL, $150,000.00

Officers and Directors:
SOLOMON LUNA, President.
S. BRUCKLER, Vice-President and Cashier. W. J. JOHNSON, Assistant Cashier.
WILLIAM MONTGOMERY, GEORGE ARNOLD.
O. RALDRIDGE, A. M. BLACKWELL, O. E. CROMWELL.

Morning Journal
"Wants Ads"
Are Dollar Makers

Boston Typo's Win Go Out. Earthquake in Pipe Main - Resolutions of

Boston, Jan. 18. The strike in the typesetting and job printing shops of Boston and vicinity, beginning February 1st, was voted today by Boston Typo- graphical Union No. 11. The strike will affect all shops in which the eight-hour day is not established and it is expected soon printers will be supplied with pipe invigoration shows that the force of the earthquake had broken the pipe line and extensive repairs will have to be made. The reservoir, however, contains plenty of water to supply the town for several days.

Albuquerque
Foundry and Machine Works
H. P. Ball, Proprietor
Iron and Brass Castings, Ore, Coal, and Lumber Cars, Pulleys, Grate Bars, Babbitt Metal, Columns and Iron Fronts for Buildings, Repairs on Mining and Mill Machinery in Our Specialty

O. & R. G. SYSTEM
Santa Fe Branch Effective December 10, 1905.

Eastbound Stations
11:00 a.m. Lv Santa Fe
1:36 p.m. Lv Española
2:11 p.m. Lv Embudo
3:00 p.m. Lv Baranca
4:02 p.m. Lv Servilleta

4:32 p.m. Lv Tres Piedras
5:45 p.m. Lv Antonito
8:30 p.m. Lv Alamosa
3:00 a.m. Lv Pueblo
4:35 a.m. Lv Colorado Springs
7:30 a.m. Ar Denver

Westbound
3:30 p.m. Ar Denver
1:20 p.m. Lv Colorado Springs
12:26 p.m. Lv Pueblo
11:36 p.m. Lv Alamosa
10:29 p.m. Lv Antonito
10:00 p.m. Lv Tres Piedras
8:10 p.m. Lv Embudo
6:40 a.m. Ar Española
11:05 p.m. Lv Baranca
9:40 p.m. Lv Servilleta
7:00 p.m. Ar Santa Fe

Trains stop at Embudo for dinner where good meals are served.
CONNECTIONS
At Antonito for Durango, Silverton and intermediate points.
At Alamosa for Denver, Pueblo and intermediate points via either the standard gauge line via La Veta Pass or the narrow gauge via Salida, making the entire trip in daylight and passing through the Famous Royal Gorge, also for all points on Creede branch.

K. HOOPER, Q.P.A., Santa Fe, N.M.

Denver, Colo. Agent

Fighting in
Hispaniola.

Jan. 28. It is reported from Port-au-Prince, in Hispaniola, that serious encounters have taken place there between the revolutionists and troops, in which several of the latter were killed. The arrival of General Alikanoff with troops from Tilsit brought about the restoration of order, the revolutionists taking flight.

St. Petersburg, Jan. 28. The city today received a telegram from General Lilevich reporting all quiet with the Manchurian armies. The moral also reports that order prevails at Vladivostok, where the mutinous sailors have been disarmed.

Still Buying in China.
Victoria, B.C., Jan. 28. Organized parties are making every effort to secure all the bodies of the victims of the Valencia disaster that can be found. Nineteen were recovered today and with calmer sea attempts will be made to land near the scene of the wreck and take the bodies on shore.

More on Than Loud Claims.
When Hiram Maxim, the famous inventor, plotted his gun before a committee of judges, he stated its carrying power to be considerably below what he felt the gun would accomplish. The result of the trial was therefore a surprise instead of disappointment as it might have been if he had overstated his gun's efficiency.

Claim regarding Newbro's Helmet is based on actual scientific facts.

If a living germ is causing your hair to fall out, it is the most sensible thing to kill that germ.

Newbro's Helmet does this quickly and effectually. Destroy the cause and you remove the effect.

Send 1c. in stamps for sample to The Herald Co., Detroit, Mich.

Your Old Friends Back East Ought to Move Southwest

Send us the names and addresses of any persons you think would be interested in the Southwest, and we will mail them interesting land booklets and a copy of our Immigration Journal, "The Earth." You send the list and we will send the descriptive matter.

Address
Gen. Colonization
Agt., A.T. & S.F. Ry.

Railway Exchange
Chicago

THE INGLEWOOD
MRS. J. BOCIJEN, Prop.
Auto. Phone 204
Corner Second Street and Copper Av.
All-American New Mexico

Scott's Sawdust capsules

A POSITIVE CURE
Of Influenza, Catarrh, and
Ills of the Head, Throat, and Chest.
H. H. COVINGTON, M.D. PAT. 411,412
Quickening and penetrating the
warmth of the human body
and a natural destroyer of colds
and catarrh. A harmless remedy.
Sold by druggists.

The Santal-Pepsin Co.

Bellefontaine, Ohio

V.V.P.P.E. Ask for Advertisement

M. FRENCH FEMALE

UPILLS.

A new and original remedy for the cure of female complaints, menstrual disorders, and all female troubles. It is a safe and reliable remedy for all female troubles. Sold in Albuquerque by the O'Holly Company.

J. H.

Communication Made Easy

Between the Official Booth and Kansas City, St. Louis, Chicago, and all points West and East by the El Paso Southwestern System, Rock Island System.

Shortest, Quickest, therefore the Best. The Only way with two through trains daily. Offering Klandmark and Tourist Sleepers, Observation Dinning Cars, Chair Cars and Coaches. For any trip, anywhere, anytime - TAKE THE SOUTHWESTERN.

For Full Particulars see any Agent or Address
GARNETT KING V. R., STILES
General Agent Q.P.A. Ascot

K. PASU, J. LAHN