ALBUQUERQUE MORNING JOURNAL,

CITY
EDITION

CITY
EDITION
THIRTY-EIGHTH YEAR.
VOL. XXXV. No. 82.
Ten Pages
-Albuquerque Morning Journal, Thursday, June 21, 1917.
Ten Pages
by Carrier or Man, 700 a month.
Single Copies, 5c.

REPORTED TO BE
British Take Important Positions East of Arras. While
the Germans Make Gains in
the Champagne Region,
CANADIANS OPEN WAY
TO THE CITY OF LENS
They Carry, by Assault, Ground
Held by the Enemy; Italians
Renew Offensive on the
Asiago Plateau,
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
The weekly report of losses to British
shipping sunk by submarines or
mines has again reached alarming
proportions. It shows an increase
over the reports of the last six weeks
of tonnage destroyed. The latest fig
ures, twenty-seven vessels of over
1,600 tons, and five under 1,600 tons,
place the losses in the first category
higher, except during the weeks ending April 21 and April 28, than during any similar periods since Germany's intensified submarine campaign began. During the latter weeks forty and thirty-eight merchantmen, respectively, were sent to the bottom. On the fighting front in France, the
British forces have recaptured important positions from the Germans
east of Arras, while the Germans in
the Champagne region have gained a
foothold in French first line trenches.
The British gain was made east of
Money le Preux, where Monday the
Germans under cover of a violent
bombardment drove back the British
and occupied their trenches. Between
the Ailette river and Moulin de Laffaux the Germans in a strong attack
in which huge effectives were used,
captured a section of trench held by
the French. The attack was delivered
over a front of about two-thirds
of a mile and followed a violent bombardment of the French line.
Germans Are Limited.
Near Lens the Canadians, in an
assault upon a position held by the
Germans, which was barring the way
to the coal city, routed the defenders
and captured the trenches and incorporated them into the British line.
The Germans in vicious attacks endeavored to regain the lost terrain,
but were beaten off.
In the Austro-Italian theater the
Italians on the Asiago plateau, month
east of Trentino, are again developing the offensive which last week
gave them considerable terrain, but
which was stopped by weather conditions. The Home War Office reports
the taking of formidable positions on
the plateau and the capture of more
than a thousand officers and men, besides inflicting heavy casualties on
the Austrians, who strenuously resisted the advance.
The expected general engagement
along the Macedonian front has not
developed, but on various sectors,
notably in the Cerna Bend and north
of Monastir the artillery activity again
has increased.
In Greece steps are being taken to
rid the country of German propagandists. Thirty-one of them, including former premiers and other ministers and officers of the Greek general staff and the reservists have
been ordered expelled from the country, while others will be placed under
surveillance.
MAX CHANGING PHASES
ON THE WESTERN FRONT
British Headquarters in France,
June 20. The western front nowadays is marked by many changing
phases. East of bloody Monchy-le-Preux,
on the Arras battlefield, and
west of Warneton, on the Messines battlefield, trench lines have been for
saken and fighting is being carried on
day and night between large bodies
of opposing troops in lying out in the
shell holes. Some of these holes,
blown by heavy calibered guns, are
really enormous craters, in which two
score of men can establish and fortify
themselves.
Shell holes lend themselves to quick
conversion into machine gun emplacements, and those ghastly weapons
form the chief means of defense. The
offensive weapons in shell hole warfare generally are hand grenades.
Shell holes are not easy targets for
artillery, whereas fixed trenches can
easily be photographed from airplanes
and the heavy guns can be registered
on them without great difficulty.
The Germans are showing a particular desire to cling to the shell
holes as long as possible before retiring to their lines in their rear. This
is quite a change from their ordinary
habits, for heretofore they have loved
their deep dugouts in the trenches
with a love that seldom brooks separation. Some prisoners taken from
shell holes recently pulled bodily out
in nocturnal raids have frankly declared, however, that it is discipline
and not desire that keeps them out in
the open.
The Germans recently turned a hurricane of annihilating artillery fire on
trenches they had lost to the British
on Infantry Hill, east of Monchy, but
the British troops suffered little from
the lavish Teutonic expenditure of
high explosives.
The manner of utilizing shell craters is little short of marvelous.
Thousands of men can take cover in
these craters, yet from even the most
forward observation posts the battlefield looks apparently empty. A
considerable attack from shell hole
positions can be withstood without the
realization that the desperate fighting is in progress. Always there is
noise from exploding grenades, but
these missiles are so small that they
cannot be seen in the air from a distance of 300 yards.
From time to time a small group
of men will leap from one hole to another, dragging machine guns with
them and disappearing so quickly in
the new shelter that the earth seems
to have opened and swallowed them.
Ability to take advantage of any
available cover is an art the American troops will have to study
thoroughly when they come to take
their place on the fighting front.
The carrying of supplies to shell
holes and bringing back the wounded
is very difficult during the mid-summer short nights. The battlefields
have been enwrapped in a great heat
wave, but are relieved temporarily
now and then by violent thunder
storms. Not having yet forgiven the
British for driving them some six or
seven miles away from Arras, the
centimeter guns well back of their
slowly retreating lines and shell that
cathedral city with enormous missiles that sing like a storm wind and
explode with great crash of thunder.
The firing is only desultory, however,
for these guns only four centimeters
smaller than the famous 42s are
very expensive weapons, and all recently captured German artillery orders speak of the necessity of economizing ammunition to the utmost.
LIQUOR ADVERTISING
OFFENSE IN ARIZONA
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
Phoenix, Ariz., June 20. Copies of
a humorous weekly publication of international circulation were received
by newsdealers here today, containing
liquor advertisements, which is contrary to an act of the Arizona legislature, which recently went into effect. Attorney General Wiley E.
Jones, when the matter was brought
to his attention, notified the sheriffs
throughout the state to arrest any
newsdealer selling a copy of the publication. No arrests have yet been
made and some of the largest dealers
in the city have the publication on
sale.
WHITE SLAVERS
BE ROUNDED UP
Sensational Charges Regarding
Disappearance of Young
Girls Spur Police Commissioner to Take Action,
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
New York, June 20. Sensational
allegations of a widespread traffic in
girls in this city resulted in Police
Commissioner Wood's ordering a rigid
investigation of the charges today.
His action followed the announcement that between 700 and 800 girls
have disappeared from their homes
here since January 1. This was the
most important result thus far of the
belated discovery by a woman lawyer
and a private detective of the murder
of Ruth Cruger, 18-year-old high
school student, months after the police had ended a superficial search
for her.
"Spare no one," was the order given
by Commissioner Wood to Inspector J.
A. Faurot, who was placed in charge of the inquiry which is expected to
shake the police department from top
to bottom. Faurot was directed to
sift thoroughly the avowal of Mrs.
Grace Humiston, the lawyer in the
Cruger case, that white slaver leaders
are responsible for the heavy toll of
missing girls and to place responsibility on those in the police department whose duty it was to find Miss
Cruger's body.
Mrs. Humiston today emphasized
the importance of having Alfredo
Cocchi, who is formally charged with
Miss Cruger's murder, brought back
from Italy, where he fled after Miss
Cruger disappeared. She declared
that if the authorities can get a statement from him "he will involve so
many important people that the case
will be one of the most sensational
ever exposed in this country."
Search for possible victims who
may have shared a fate similar to that
of Miss Cruger was begun by the police today in every shop or cellar occupied by Cocchi since he came to
this country. For two hours today
Mrs. Marie Cocchi, wife of the fugitive, was questioned at the district attorney's office. She insisted she knew
nothing that could throw light on
Miss Cruger's disappearance or murder. She was not in his shop on
February 23, the day the young woman
disappeared, she said, and because of
coolness between her husband and
herself she did not visit his shop from
September 8, 1916, until two days
after Miss Cruger was reported missing and after her husband had fled.
THINGS LOOK DARK FOR
BULGARIA, RULER THINKS
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
Geneva, June 20 (via Paris). The
semi-official Balkan news agency
says King Ferdinand of Bulgaria has
been impressed deeply with the abdication of King Constantine and considers it certain that former Premier
Venizelos will take office and that
Greece will enter the war against
Bulgaria. King Ferdinand therefore
intends to go shortly to German great
headquarters to demand assistance.
IN NEW YORK TO
FOOD EXPECTED
Public Sentiment Is Beginning
to Make Itself Felt Among
Opponents of the Measure,
Is Indication Now,
WILL BE LAW WITHIN
THREE WEEKS, BELIEF
Senator Kenyon Champions
the Measure, While Gore,
Reed and Vardaman Are the
Main Ones to Oppose It,
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
Washington, June 20. Administration leaders in Congress said tonight public sentiment was beginning
to make itself felt among opponents
of the food control bill, and predicted
enactment of the measure within two
or three weeks.
Debate continued in both branches
today with the house again sitting until late tonight to close debates with
a view to proceeding under the five
minute speech rule tomorrow and taking a final vote by Saturday. In the
senate there was serious discussion
with larger attendance. The amending stage probably will be reached
there next week after the measure
as it passes the house is substituted
for the senate draft.
Despite the continued opposition
and certainty of some amendments,
ultimate enactment of the legislation
in some form is conceded even by its
opponents. Senator Chamberlain said
tonight it was possible that the bill
would be finally enacted by July 1,
as desired by the president, but few
shared his optimism, the general opinion expressed being for two more
weeks at least of senate debate.
Kenyon Supports Bill.
Senator Kenyon, republican, occupied most of the day in the senate in
support of the bill. He emphasized
the necessity for broad government
control of foodstuffs as a war measure, defended the bill's constitutionality and flayed speculators whom he
characterized as "highwaymen and
allies of the kaiser."
"If this thing is going on the cornering of food and fuel," he said, "we
are going to have hunger and bread
riots in this country, or something
worse."
Senators Gore, Reed and Vardaman,
democrats, continued as the principal opponents of the bill. They were
joined by Senator Borah, republican,
who questioned the bill's constitutionality and said it was "full of glittering generalities" which would "bewilder the business world and paralyze initiative of the country."
He advocated, however, regulation
of speculation and governmental purchasing of food supplies.
Gore Insists.
Senator Gore insisted that the bill
would force the farmer's price down,
cause famine next year from under
production and loss this year of $750,-
000,000 to producers.
Senator Kenyon said he believed
under the bill the president could
take over factories such as packing
houses. Senator Brandegee suggested that to make such commandeering
efficient, commandeering of workmen in such factories also should be provided for.
"If we can conscript men's lives,
replied Senator Kenyon, "surely we
can conscript workmen to feed those
men.
Senator Lewis asked if food prices
would not be affected if the government were empowered to seize food
and distribute it without delay. Senator Kenyon said it would, adding
that a similar law exists in England,
but so far there never has been occasion to enforce it.
Senator King suggested that since
there will not be enough wheat to fill
requirements of the allies and demands of home consumption, except
through rigid economy, the United
States government could requisition
all the wheat, apportion a part to the
allies and sell the rest to the people
of this country at cost.
Senator Kenyon said if it would
go out to the country that the government was going to buy all the
wheat from the farmers at a fixed
price it would hurt production, which
must not be interfered with. Production, he asserted, was stimulated
in the bill by making a minimum
guarantee price to the farmers.
Meeker Leads House Fight.
In the house Representative Meeker of Missouri, republican, assailed
the bill and questioned the ability of
Mr. Hoover, the food administrator,
while Representative Lenroot of Wisconsin, republican, opposed the broad
powers the measure would confer
upon the executive.
Criticisms of Mr. Hoover drew a
speech in his defense from Representative Kahn of California, republican, who paid a tribute to his work
in Belgium.
The galleries applauded in the
house tonight when Representative
London of New York, socialist, twitted
the house over its refusal last December to consider his resolution for a
food survey.
"I am compelled to support this
bill," Mr. London said, "because I
think some of the principles of it will
become the permanent law of this
country. It is inevitable. This opens
a new road upon which national legislatures will be compelled to travel."
Two Men Killed at Hurley.
Santa Fe, June 20. Two killings
are reported from the mining camp
of Hurley. Ignacio Velarde was shot
and killed by Special Officer Oscar
Rainville in self-defense, after he had
arrested Velarde for drunkenness.
Guadalupe Munis was shot and killed just after he had drawn his pay
with the intention of leaving for
Mexico.
DILL TO ONTARIO
TO GO THROUGH
'IN QUICK TIME
PEOPLE
ARE GRATEFUL TO
STATES
FOR AID GIVEN
Baron Moncheur, Head of the
War Mission, Expresses
Kingdom's Gratitude for As
sistance and Sympathy,
PAYS HIGH TRIBUTE TO
THE ABILITY OF HOOVER
His Great Work of Feeding the
Starving Citizens of Devastated Country Is Touchingly
Referred To,
Washington, June 20. Baron Mon
cheur, head of the Belgian war mission, today expressed to the American
people through the Washington correspondents Belgium's deep gratitude
for America's "generous outpouring
of material assistance and sympathy."
He paid an especial tribute to Herbert C. Hoover for his Belgian relief
work.
"The purpose of our visit to this
country," said the baron, "is to express to your government and people
the heartfelt gratitude of Belgium for
the generous outpouring of material
assistance and sympathy which have
gone so far to save my stricken countrymen from the horrors of famine
and to maintain their unshaken courage in this hour of trial.
"Our warm gratitude to you for
this help will never cool, but you are
now adding still more to our gratitude. Our people saved from famine
still groan under the yoke of a merciless invader. Your entry into the
war not only brings to us the satisfaction of finding in an old friend a
new ally but fires us with complete
confidence in an early and victorious
issue of the great struggle which has
brought to my country so much of
misery and suffering.
"In voicing my country's gratitude
I am happy to be able to pay a tribute
of admiration and affection to Mr.
Hoover, under whose able and untiring direction the great work of feeding Belgium was carried on. We now
rejoice for you that a man so eminently fitted by ability and experience
should be at your service in handling
the great food problems that now
front you."
SLAV MISSION
TO U.S. READY
FOR BUSINESS
Russians Complete Their Calls
of Courtesy, Clearing the
Way for Conferences With
American Officials,
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
Washington, June 20. Russia's
diplomatic mission completed its official calls of courtesy today and
cleared the way for conferences with
American officials.
The mission went shortly after noon
to the state department, where a large
number of employees gathered to greet
and applaud the visitors. Special Ambassador Bakhmeteff was escorted to
Secretary Lansing's office and formally presented by Charge d'Affaires
Onou, of the Russian embassy. Diplomatic Secretary Soukine was presented to Counsellor Polk.
While Lieutenant General Roop,
military member of the mission, was
paying the respects of the Russian
army to Secretary Baker, Secretary
Lansing escorted Ambassador Bakhmeteff to the White House and presented him to President Wilson. The
Russian diplomat expressed his pleasure at being in Washington and the
president replied briefly. Later the
ambassador paid his respects to Vice
President Marshall.
Most of the members of the mission took occasion today to tour the capital and see as much as possible of the
city before the formal conferences
began. Tomorrow they will dine at
the White House.
SWEDISH SCULPTOR
GIVEN LIFE PENSION
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
Stockholm, June 20. The rigsdag
has granted to Sven Anderson, a
Swedish sculptor, a yearly pension
for life of $450 "for a cultural work
of enduring value." The mover of
the resolution in the rigsdag said:
"By his series of portraits of prominent men in public life, and particularly of members of the rigsdag, he
has left to coming generations an inheritance which ought to be treasured
by them."
ZEPPELIN TRIPS TO U.S.,
REGARDED AS POSSIBILITY
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
Copenhagen, June 20 (via London).
A German technical weekly calculates that regular Zeppelin trips to
America are a possibility of the not
distant future. The paper says that
only a moderate increase in size over
the present type would give the necessary lifting capacity for an airship
making a trip in four days.
BELGIAN
UNITED
DALFOUR
GIVES
COUNTRYMEN AN
ACCOUNT
OF
MISSION TO U.S.
British Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs Tells of Trip
at a Luncheon Given in His
Honor,
AMERICA PULLING FOR
THE ALLIES TO WIN
In Such a Victory, He Says,
Is Bound Up the Whole Future of Civilization; Willing
to Sacrifice,
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
London, June 20. Arthur J. Balfour, secretary of state for foreign affairs, gave an accounting of his stewardship in connection with his mission to the United States to the members of the house of commons today
in a luncheon arranged in his honor
by the Empire Parliamentary association. The guests were members of
parliament and cabinet ministers, with
the American ambassador, Walter
Hines Page, and a few colonial representatives as the only outsiders.
Ex-Premier Herbert Asquith presided as a token of the non-political
character of the association, with Mr.
Balfour on his right and Ambassador
Page and Premier Lloyd George on
his left. The other members of the
cabinet sat at a central table. After
a cordial welcome home, voiced by
Mr. Asquith, Mr. Balfour said:
Much Good Done.
"I undertook the headship of the
American mission with some reluctance and diffidence; I felt it so easy
to do harm and perhaps not so easy
to do good. But, looking back, I feel
that no harm has been done and much
good.
"The success of the mission was
not due to the personal qualifications of your representatives, but to
far deeper and more permanent
causes, which must give us all great
cause for gratification. I say nothing of the hospitality of the United
States, which is proverbial. I need not
dwell on the boundless kindness
shown us, which so obviously came
from the heart. The American people would
have given us that same hospitality
under any circumstances.
"What moves me, and all of Britain,
and France, too, is something deeper,
namely, the tremendous and spontaneous enthusiasm of America for our
common cause and the deep feeling of
sympathy which manifestly animates
the entire American community.
"It was not in the power of any
mission or any group of individuals to
create that feeling. Our mission was
merely the occasion for its manifestation; it gave the Americans a welcome chance to show what they felt
in the cause of world freedom.
Lasting Cooperation.
"Thus the mission has been the occasion of the most beneficent development of international relations in
the history of the world. Most alliances in past history have been
based on temporary agreements between nations for the pursuit of certain aims and ambitions, and there
fore passed with the passing occasion. But the cooperation between
England and America, based on a
deep congruity of ideals, will endure
as long as the two nations are content to pursue those ideals, which, I
pray God, may be forever.
"Our alliance is based on a great
moral consideration. We alike do not
wish to use war as an instrument of
expansion, and so we here may be
certain that the United States will not
leave us until our great ends are accomplished. The Americans have carefully
studied the origin and aims of the
war and have come irrevocably to the
conclusion that with the victory of the
allies is bound up the whole future
of civilization. They will not refuse
any sacrifices or effort which may
bring a happy termination on which
they are convinced depends the whole
trend of civilization."
GEN. MURGUIA IS GOING
TO CATCH VILLA AGAIN
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
El Paso, Tex., June 20. Gen. Francisco Murguia, commander-in-chief of
the northeastern military zone in
Mexico, has returned from a trip to
Zacatecas and has prepared another
offensive against Villa's followers in
the southwestern part of Chihuahua,
according to reports received by government agents here tonight. While
he has been absent from Chihuahua,
Villa has taken and held temporarily
Santa, Rosalia, Jimenez, Ortiz and
Meoqui and now has a formidable
force in the vicinity of Pilar de Concho. Villa is said to be awaiting the
arrival of Canuto Reyes and Manelo
Caraveo before moving toward Torreon.
EMMELINE PANKHURST
CONFERS WITH ROOT
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
Petrograd, June 20. Mrs. Emmeline Pankhurst, the British suffragette leader, arrived unexpectedly in
Petrograd yesterday. Mrs. Pankhurst conferred with Elihu Root and
Charles Edward Russell, at the winter palace, regarding ways to assist
Russia in the struggle with the common foe.
Mrs. Pankhurst said that she has
come to Russia to explain to the men
and women of the new republic the
attitude of the British democracy toward the war.
MINING ENGINEER NOT
GUILTY OF EMBEZZLEMENT
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
San Francisco, Calif., June 20.
William Noyes, a mining engineer employed by the Presidio Mining company of Texas, was found not guilty
of embezzlement on an instructed
verdict here today. Noyes had been
charged with appropriating $10,000 of
the company's funds by a stockholder.
Directors of the company testified
that the money had been voted to
Noyes for services.
EL VADO, N.M.
DESTROYED BY
A FOREST FIRE
Small Town in the Northwestern
Part of the State Reduced to Ashes; Loss Said
to Exceed $500,000,
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
Durango, Colo., June 20. The town
of El Vado, in northwestern New
Mexico, has been destroyed by a forest fire, according to an unconfirmed
report received here tonight.
According to the report received
here, the forest fires attacked the lumber mill and yards of the McPhee
& McGinnity Co. of Denver, and
spread to other buildings, virtually
every structure in the town being destroyed. The loss is said to be in
excess of $500,000. It is not known
whether there was any loss of life.
The town is fifty miles from a railroad and wire communication has
been severed by the forest fire.
McPHEE & McGINNITY CO.
PROPERTY DESTROYED
It was received here tonight by the McPhee
& McGinnity Co. that their properties
at El Vado, lumber yards and mills,
have been destroyed by the forest fire.
No particulars were received nor would the
company venture an estimate of the
damage done.
FEUDAL
BOARD OUTLINES
WAY TO HANDLE
OUTPUT OF COAL
Government Pools of Production and Distribution Recommended as Only Way to
Avoid Serious Shortage,
NEED LAWS AT ONCE
TO REMEDY MATTER
Want President Authorized to
Designate Priority Shipments; Injudicious Distribution of Cars Claimed,
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
Washington, June 20. Government
pools of coal production and distribution and of rail and water transportation were recommended to Congress
today by the federal trade commission as the only means of avoiding a
disastrous coal shortage next winter.
"The commission believes," says
the report, submitted after many
months of investigation ordered by
Congress, "that the coal industry is
paralyzing the industries of the
country and that the coal industry
itself is paralyzed by the factor of
transportation. There are enough
coal cars in the country, but not
enough are delivered to the mines
and these cars are not moved to the
point of consumption with the greatest expedition nor are they promptly
discharged.
In view of these conditions, the
commission recommends:
"First That the production and
distribution of coal and coke be conducted through a pool in the hands
of a government agency; that the
producers of various grades of fuel
be paid their full cost of production
plus a uniform profit per ton (with
due allowance for quality of product
and efficiency of service).
"Second That the transportation
agencies of the United States, both
rail and water, be similarly pooled
and operated on government account,
under the direction of the president
and that all such means of transportation be operated as a unit, the owning corporation being paid a just and
fair compensation which would cover
normal net profit, upkeep and betterments."
These recommendations are approved by Commissioners Davies,
Colver and Fort. Chairman Harris
dissents on the plan for transportation pool, except as a last resort and
suggests instead, "that during the
war the president be authorized to
order rail and water transportation
agencies to give preference to shipment of coal, coke and other commodities in the order of their importance to the public welfare."
An urgent necessity exists for immediate legislation to correct conditions says the report, because the
usual spring and summer accumulation of coal stocks at points distant
from producing districts "is not now
taking place, but it must be made
during what remains of the summer
unless the country is to face next
winter a most serious and an irreparable situation."
Present production of bituminous,
or "soft" coal is forty per cent under
the possible maximum, principally because of the soft coal shortage,
the report declares. Consequently,
the extra large production of anthracite coal this spring, one-fourth
greater than usual, has been diverted
to industrial markets ordinarily filled
by bituminous coal and coke.
Anthracite mines have been given
ample car supply, the commission
observes, "by reason of the close corporate relation between rail transportation and anthracite production."
Bituminous mines, however, are
compelled by the car shortage to operate only part time and many millers are going into other work.
Contributory factors to the failure
of organization of coal transportation are the high barge rates from New
York to Newport News and to Boston
and the practice of lake ships to make
trips to the northwest in water ballast rather than carry coal.
NEED GAS AND OIL FOR
BIG AIRPLANE FLEET
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
Washington, June 20. Edward L.
Doheny of Los Angeles, an oil producer, reminded the senate lands
committee today that the great airplane fleet, for which an appropriation of $600,000,000 is to be asked,
would be powerless without gasoline
and lubricants and recommended commandeering of oil by the government in case of emergency. The
hearing was in connection with Senator Walsh's bill to permit the government to lease coal and oil lands.
MAN WITH MANY NAMES
HELD BY ARMY OFFICERS
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LIAISON WIRE
El Paso, Tex., June 20. Charged
with being an alien enemy, Wilhelm
Hascher, alias William Hander, alias
Henry Bell, a German mechanic, was
arrested today by United States officers following his detention by
United States army officers. He was
employed as a mechanic in the United States quartermaster machine
shops at Fort Bliss, coming here from
Tyrone, N.M., on May 3. He was
interned at Fort Bliss.
Declares Hid Dividend.
New York, June 20. The Westinghouse Electric company today announced a special Red Cross dividend of one-half of one per cent common and preferred stock. This is
expected to amount to about $187,000.

If You Can't Fight, Give!
Today you must face the first real test of your patriotism. The Red Cross has sent a call for $50,000 for the national fund. This amount must be subscribed within three
days by the men, women and children of Bernalillo county, who cannot fight.
Part of this amount must come from you who are now
reading this. It is your opportunity to demonstrate in a
way more substantial than words or flag waving, how
genuine is your loyalty to your country, how sincere is
your appreciation of the sacrifice of millions of your fellow countrymen who are offering their lives in the nation's
cause.
You, who are not asked for the supreme gift, who enjoy the security, which the valor of our soldiers guarantees
to you, can give dollars.
Every high conception of patriotism, of mercy, of
Christianity, summons you to the support of the Red Cross,
which succors the wounded and dying on the battlefield,
and feeds the starving thousands of non-combatants. It
responds to every need for mercy.
This is not an appeal to your generosity. An organization of the dignity and importance of the Red Cross
does not need to beg of self-respecting Americans in this
national crisis. This, instead, is a warning to you to be
ready with your share, to give not what you can "afford,"
but more than you can afford.
Your country is ready to enter a death grapple with
the most relentless, the most deadly military despotism the
world has ever known.
If you can't fight, give!