THE ALBUQUERQUE MORNING JOURNAL, FRIDAY, JUNE 2, 1911.

ROMANCE OF THE

HAMPSHIRE HILLS

CONSUMMATED

Marriage of Miss Eva Hilton at
Socorro Notable Social Event
of Year In Lower Valley.

(From Our Special Correspondent)
SOCORRO, N. M., June 1. — At 3
this afternoon, at the home of the bride,
Mrs. Caroline Hilton, eldest
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. H.
Hilton, was united in marriage to Arthur
L. Lewis of Springfield, Mass. Rev.
Arthur Peltier, the parish priest of
Socorro, performed the ceremony. A reception followed the ceremony at the Knights of Pythias hall,
refreshments being served to the
large number of congratulatory guests
while the Socorro city orchestra, composed of Mrs. Joseph Smith, Mr.
Fireman, Prof. P. A. Marcellino and
Mr. Lovelace, furnished excellent music. Mr. and Mrs. Lewis boarded the
Southbound train for El Paso and will
go directly to Galveston, Texas, where they will be guests of Mr. Thilen L.
Stone, vice president of the Mallory
McCammon company on his
personal yacht which will convey
them to New York. Mr. Thilen is an
old friend.
Miss Louise Fitzgerald of Pekin, Ill.,
was bridesmaid while Connie H. Milton, brother of the bride, was best
man. Miss Annie and Felice Hilton, cousins of the bride, and little
Miss Helen Hilton were flower girls.
The ushers were Dr. C. C. Clark and
Henry T. Drown. Quite a number of
friends of the bride were present from
Santa Fe, Carthage, Magdalena
and Las Maravillas, beside the many Socorro friends of the contracting parties. The bride is a native of Santa Fe, N. M., where her father, A. H.
Hilton, has been in the mercantile
business for a third of a century, being former owner of the Carthage
coal mines and one of the best known
pioneers of Socorro county. The bride
was educated at the Ursuline convent in
Santa Fe and at Notre Dame, Ind.
Her father being a great lover of
music, early determined to give his
daughter the best possible musical
education. She began playing the
violin at the early age of seven and
showed great talent, which developed
rapidly while she was at Notre Dame
university and during the four years
she studied under Prof. Muscat of Los
Angeles, formerly first violinist in the
Thornia orchestra. She completed
her musical studies with four years at
the New England Conservatory of
Music at Boston, Mass.
It was while attending the conservatory that the romance budded which
ended in the wedding of today. The
groom is the only son of Orrin L.
Lewis of Lakeport, New Hampshire, a
New England farmer and owner of
the Hear Island Inn at Lake Winnipesaukee, New Hampshire, one of the
prettiest summer resorts in the White
Mountains of America. The lake, which
has 150 miles of shore line, is often
compared to Lake Geneva and is dotted with over 200 charming islets. In
this beautiful spot, at Hear Island Inn,
the bride and groom will spend their
honeymoon.
Mr. Lewis is the Springfield correspondent of J. P. Hyde Co.,
bankers of Boston, one of the
largest banking firms in New England. This firm is known locally in
New Mexico, having financed the big
Chino Copper company. They have
recently purchased from the Moffitt
estate of Denver 35 per cent or a controlling interest in the First National
Bank of Denver, the largest financial
institution between the Missouri river
and the Pacific coast. Mr. Lewis is
a young man only 25 years of age and
rising rapidly in financial circles. The
bride is one of the best educated and thoroughly popular young
ladies in New Mexico and she will be
sadly missed by her hundreds of warm
friends.

He shot from the open and through
the window, which was distant not
less than ten feet from his object. The
empty cartridge shells were found the
next day, and are of .44 caliber. Mrs.
Rodriguez's husband, who was in bed, escaped
without injury.

Mrs. Rodriguez is now in the county
hospital, with symptoms of blood poisoning. Amputation of the arm, probably at the shoulder, it is believed,
will be necessary, and in addition the
wound in the lung is said to be
very serious one.
Albarez is a Yaqui Indian, and for
over two years had been living with
the woman at Korpaugh, where he
was employed as a section hand. His
mistress left him two weeks before,
and he followed her to Hillside
where he attempted to take her life,
shooting Mrs. Rodriguez.

MOVING PICTURES

OF GRAND CANYON

TO BE TAKEN

Three Daring Navigators to
Traverse Turmoil of Waters
In Great Chasm to Capture
It on Film.

A letter from a Druggist.
Pasadena, Cal., March 9, 1911.
Foley & Co., Gentlemen: We have
sold and recommended Foley's Honey
and Tar Compound for years. We
believe it to be one of the most efficient expectorants on the market
Containing no opiates or bromides it
can be given freely to children.
Enough of the remedy can be taken
to relieve a cold, as it has the most
rapid results, and does not interfere with
digestion. Yours very truly, C. H.
Ward & Hug Co., C. H. Persons, secretary and treasurer. (Let the original
Foley's Honey and Tar Compound in
the yellow package. J. H. Gillett.)

IT NEVER GETS HOT AT

SAN LUIS REY HOTEL

Your child's remedy.
How you may profit by it. Take
Foley Kidney Pills. Mrs. K. M. Whiting, 118 Willow street, Akron, O.
says: "For some time I had a very
troublesome case of kidney trouble and I
suffered with backaches and dull
headaches. I had specks floating before my eyes and I felt all tired out
and miserable. I saw Foley Kidney
Pills advertised and got a bottle and
took them according to directions and
results seemed almost too good to be
true. The pain and dull headaches left me, my eyes became clear and today I
can say I am a well woman, thanks to
Foley Kidney Pills." J. H. Gillett.

Try a Journal Want Ad. Results

The San Luis Rey Hotel at Oceanside,
Cal., owing to its situation, is a place
in summer that is never hot. Ocean
side on the broad Pacific never feels
the extreme heat of the desert nor
the hot winds that drive so many
during the summer months to the sea
shore.

The bathing here is unsurpassed; no
unfortunate accidents have ever taken
place along this magnificent beach
Children and young people are safe
here and there is not a more delightful
spot for the bather.
The Mission drives from Oceanside
are becoming famous the country
over. The famous San Luis Rey
Mission founded in 1798, is four miles
distant. Beyond this is the Pala Mission where the Warner Indians have
their headquarters.
The San Juan Capistrano Mission
which lies in wonderful ruins is directly to the north of Oceanside. This
is reached over the new $240,000
boulevard. To the south is the San
Diego Mission, the oldest of them all.
All these interesting Missions are
within easy reach of Oceanside.

Fishing, boating, tennis, dancing,
drives and the Hot Plunge are among
some of the amusements at the hotel.
Rates at San Luis Rey Hotel are
as follows: One in room, $3.10 per
day; one in room, $13.50 per day, by
the week; two in room, $14.50 per day,
by the week.

Three men in a boat, or rather
three men in three boats, will attempt
the unprecedented feat of navigating
the quarrelsome waterway of 1,400
miles which stretches from the head
quarters of the Green river in Wyoming down through the Titan of Chasms
to Needles, Cal.

K. C. Kolb of Bright Angle Trail,
Grand Canyon, Arizona, arrived in
Phoenix recently to complete arrangements for the trip, which will
be made the first of September. Kolb
his brother, E. L. Kolb, and Reese
Griffith of Fredonia, Arizona, will be
the men who will attempt the dangerous journey.

To realize the desperate nature of
the venture it is necessary to know
that since Major J. W. Powell made
the first trip down the Colorado in
1869, going through the Grand Canyon on an expedition of exploration
for the government, not more than
two or three others of the scores who
have ventured have succeeded, and
most of those who made the attempt
were claimed by the river.

The Kolb brothers have been photographers in the Grand Canyon for
the past ten years and have explored
it in quest of unusual pictures. Kolb
discovered one of the most beautiful
falls of the canyon, a stream of water
dropping 800 feet. This waterfall
never appeared upon the government
maps and was unknown until the
photographers came upon it.
Both brothers have had wild experiences with the river and they
know much of its dangers and how
to overcome them. It is for that reason that they hope their journey will
be successful.
"We intend to give to the world
moving pictures of the most dangerous water passage," said Kolb yesterday.
"I have never been in the moving
picture business and our work at the
canyon has been confined to art pictures, but we plan to get good motion
pictures of this trip and show the
people of the country the dangers of
the Colorado dangers they might
never see in any other way. Our moving picture apparatus is being prepared in New York, and our boats are
being made there.

"We expect to start September 1
Each man will have a separate
boat. I am having a steel boat made
for myself. Long study of the river's
whirlpools and rapids has taught me
to avoid the use of a keeled boat. We
will have boats that turn up at both
ends with an adjustable metal keel for
use in smooth waters. In taking pictures in dangerous waters, I expect
to get through first and then take
pictures of the others coming
through.

"The trip will require about three
months for completion. Our route
takes us through the Grand Canyon
and we will be in the canyon for 117
miles, 90 miles of which will be
through the granite gorge, where the
walls are perpendicular. There are
600 rapids in the Grand Canyon.

"One of the chief dangers of our
trip will be the character of the water. The Colorado is so full of sand
that a man cannot swim in it for
any length of time. The length of our
trip and the waters to be traversed
include a route that to my knowledge
has never been traversed."

WHERE SHALL I SPEND MY SUMMER OUTING?

The following Announcements of California's Most Celebrated Hotels, Health and Summer Resorts will solve the question
Literature and Additional Information will be furnished promptly at our Free Information Bureau or by writing direct.

YOU SHOULD
VISIT

'SANTA-

80 MILE CHASE FOR

0

Local Minister Has Strenuous
Experience When Animals
Stray Off During Night; Ele
phant Butte News.

German American

MOST CONVENIENT FOR THOSE WHO WILL

SUMMER IN LOS ANGELES
This state bank, with resources of seventeen million dollars,
offers every banking facility and the best of service to visitors in
Los Angeles. You'll find it most convenient to open one of our
limited liability savings accounts with check writing privileges.
These "special ordinary" accounts may be opened in sums of
$100 or more. Interest at three per cent is allowed and credited monthly. Your money is subject to check under moderate
restrictions. Other accounts at four and at three per cent
may be opened in small sums or large.

Jacobs with the Limited Service

7

ifiliu

Los Angeles Map Free
Latest City Maps mailed free
on request. Ask for our Booklet also if you want to bank by
mail. It gives full Information.

Spring Worth Six.

LOS ANGELES CAL

Mbm

ISLAND'S CORRESPONDENT TO THE MORNING JOURNAL)

Elephant Butte, N. M., June 1.
Rev. John Mordy, who has been conducting religious services here for
some time past, has gone to his home
in Albuquerque to rest up from a recent strenuous experience. Mr. Mordy
and his traveling companion traveled
overland with a camp outfit. They
started across the country the other
day, and night overtaking them, they
pitched camp for the night and while
they slumbered their horses got loose
and wandered away. For five days the
horses were followed in vain and after
they had traversed some eighty
miles of country they were finally
rounded up by a cowboy and handed
over to the owners. Mr. Mordy, who
has begun a good work here, will
leave the large tent in which he has
held services here for the benefit of
Rev. W. C. Knell of Mesilla Park, who
will continue the work here. He arrived Thursday morning last. A subscription to pay the pastor's salary is
being circulated.
Society of the Church.

The reclamation service is last moving the upper camp to the townsite
a mile below. A new corral is being
built near the town site and consequently all drivers and persons closely connected with this work will want
to live near their work and have the
pleasure of moving their tents to be
at the townsite.

THIS SUMMER
THERE ARE ALL THE PLEAS
URES FOR DELIGHT AND
RECREATION. YOU WILL

COME BACK WELL PRE
PARED FOR THE WORK OF
ANOTHER YEAR.
THE HOT SPRINGS VILLA AND TENT CITY
are beautifully built under mammoth
shady trees from numerous retreats.
Excellent water, fine stores, reasonable
prices, every home screened, every
thing sanitary; fine sewerage system. LIKE
THE FISHING, boating, mountain canyons.
bathing in Avabai bay, miniature launch
hike, tennis, fine golf links, hunting and
the famous NARROW GORGE seen through
the life of the deep through glass bottom
boats.
Write for HOT SPRINGS VILLA,
HANNAH (i)IPAY,
Pacific Electric Mining Co., L. S. Andrus, Cal.

IJf rXJl aP"H W"W J

w

AT IDEAL
LONG BEACH CALIF.
ALL SOBL TIXY VIHKPIKKJF.
HOTEL VIRGINIA,

inn large, cool, outside rooms. 350 with private
bath. Spacious verandas, private parlors and
luxurious bedrooms. Every modern convenience at hand.
The Virginia maintains private dressing rooms.
with attendants for guests who enjoy the excellent
salt bathing. Its sports are many. Tennis, golf,
fishing, boating. Vehicular travel,
neautiful drives and a climate that has no equal.

mw iur r?ionrner I'uiaer. v'AIll. rANLKi. SK.

V''l,

M

Buy Your Tickets
Direct to

r. ,, . I Si

If W ag"rf

f I ' ' EHZJI

y'AMiWMtink-il HAILS "
fi v"r thsse seeking health, rest, recreo- Xrr-i-
f ViEf jpSsVJ. -'M Hon, this fitntuus insiliutinii offers all

1 aeinitlftrslly given. Very fine electrical i9

ft wars efe.l. Write today. W. Ituy Simp- W"VtB!hr2r I

mi in 1st a i

mm.

For those seeking health, rest, recreation, this famous institution offers all
that is last and best. The world renowned Hamm, freek Sanitarium methods
are used and gives the same as at
Battle Creek. Milk diet and rest cure
Bi'imitively given. Very fine electrical
equipment. Heated weekly or monthly
rates to families. Hummer climate always
hot. Write today. W. Ituv Simp-
son, Manager.

100 OUTSIDE ROOMS. 50 PRIVATE
BATHS. ELEVATOR. " FREE PHONES
EVERY ROOM HOT AND COLD WATER
DUTCH CRILL. $1.00 up. special
RATES BY WEEK OR MONTH. c
III t. 3 J Sl far Mala 0.3 WATTS Mar;

The Westrada
630 So. Alvarado St., Los Angeles.
Newly-opened summer rates. Overlooking beautiful Westlake park Just opened, having
handsomely furnished two and three-room
apartments. Klimnt ball and card room.
also sun parlor. MUD. L. P. HART. Prop.

An Outing at

LONG BEACH, CALIFORNIA

"A HOTEL THAT IS DU'FEBBNT."
Says the hotel boasts only fireproof hotel. The
largest thought in hotel construction. Most
t.ainifui grounds in Mission City. Every
room is cool and outside with private bath.
Spacious, cool verandas and delightful, cool
roof gardens. Conducted on American plan.
At IDEAL SPOT FOR YOUR SUMMER
OUTING.
Punla Barbara has the most delightful,
cool summer climate, and offers thousands
of things to divert and amuse. SUBP BATH
beautiful boulevards for driving and
automobiling, good fishing, tennis, golf, hunting
A big bath house, pleasure pier, and is the
home of the picturesque OLD MISSION.
Write for booklet and special summer
rates to the host. HANKY D. CLARK.

ssmm

PERCIVAL-
HURLEY APARTMENTS
11145 S. MISSION STREET

COMPLETELY FURNISHED

APARTMENTS" EVERY MODERN
CONVENIENCE" VERY COOL
250 OUTSIDE ROOMS All
SPECIAL SUMMER RATES
WITH FOB RATES. CIRLRO G. LITT. MB

The finest beach in the world, will convince you of its ideal climatic conditions. The
beach par excellence on the Pacific. The salt beach on the Western Coast, only 30 minutes-
ride south of Los Angeles.
BAT II I Ml, BOATING, HIKING, SAILING, ENJOYMENT GALORE.
Write for full particulars pertaining to California's Celebrated Beach, Long Beach,

CAMP. Secretary Long Beach Chamber of Commerce.

4 l-M .

mm

Kafir ;

EL SAN LUIS REY HOTEL, Oceanside, Cal
The best beach. Finest and safest bathing. Never hot. Magnificent drives of sea
and mountains. Tennis, bathing, fishing, hiking. etc. rates very reasonable
L. H. BALDWIN, Prop.

SPECIAL SUMMER RATES.
HOTEL LAMAR
West 7th and Grand, Los Angeles, Cal.
European hotel and apartments. Located
in Westlake district; walking distance.
Superb car service. Beautiful palm garden
and spacious lobby. K. L. TAYLOR and L.
W. HOLKSTON, Prop.

HOTEL INGRAHAM

1015 Ingraham street. Los Angeles. Cal. First class family and tourist hotel Cool
shady place. High location. Walking distance to shopping district. Everything
modern. Big porch and lawn. Write for rates and booklet unlimiting-

1000 ROOM FURNISHED
J COTTAGES FOR RENT

at LA JOLLA ST. A NO. 118AOU. Cum

ineteily installed for four people; Kits

tree for living, heating and cooking
$12. WEEK-KM), $3. all week. $10 per

month.
Write A. H. GILTIS & Co.

1324 7th Street, San Diego, Cal.

cuntile building in the townsite.

The last session of the Ladies' Aid
society was held at the home of Mrs.
Daniel Taylor at the Lovenside. The
next meeting will be held at the home
of Mrs. Karl Phillips Tuesday afternoon.

A small child of Mr. and Mrs. William
Arthur is quite sick with whooping
cough and a complication of difficulties.

Mrs. Stanton, one of Luannie
Stanton, in company with her mother
Mrs. Crum, left for northern Ohio.
Her Mr. Stanton will join his wife
and go on a visit in the far east.

HOTEL SUMMIT
818 South Main, at Junction of Spring St. Los Angeles, Cal. Convenient to all places of business and a scenic spot. Hot and cold water. Elevator service. 137 rooms, with or without private baths. Summer rates
50c to $1.60 per day; $2.50 to $7 per week.

HOTEL SNOW.

6TH AND FLOWER ST.
Los Angeles.

New, Cool, Fireproof.
Special summer rates.
Write for booklet.

O An Ideal
m0M$L Spot for a
Iflff Summer
v 'v Outing
1KL MAIt, CAL.
Tin: rxigiK
STRATFORD INN

Willi its many cool outside
rooms and excellent cuisine and
delightful outdoor amusements,
with perfect surf bathing and at
$1,000 bath house OFFER THE
VACATION SEEKER everything that makes a summer
outing delightful.
Write for booklet.
A. L. AllOir.L. Mgr.

HOLLENBECK HOTEL
A. C. Dillick, Jr. and Mitchell.
Los Angeles, Cal. Now Mexico Headquarters.
Rates: 1 person, $1 to $1.60 a day; 2 persons, $1.60 to $3 per day.
With private bath: 1 person, $1.80 to $3; 2 persons, $2.70 to $5.

MODERN APARTMENTS
tVififwtt CheMt Way to l.tr
TO LET—Furnished complete for house keeping. Coolest, most homelike, lowest prices. Large
grounds, flowery. No car fare. $10 to $25 monthly
GOLDEN-PARK APTS. 1130 W. 8th Street
Highest class. Large cool rooms, luxuriously fur
nished. Elevator, lobby, roof garden, terrace, private
parlors. T. WIESENDANGER
207 SOUTH WESTERN, Los Angeles, Cal.

Hollywood Hotel
Los Angeles, located in beautiful Hollywood, half way between the city and
the sea. Paved boulevards. Picturesque walks and drives. Near Los Angeles Country Club. Fine car service to city and beaches. Low summer
rates. American plan. Write for particulars. Mrs. M. J. Anderson. Prop.

J. P. DELAXY OPTICIAN.
308 S. Spring St. Los Angeles, Cal.
Established Here 15 Years.
For Glasses Correctly Fitted.
Specialists in Artistic Fits.

Mrs. Swan T. Olson and children
returned Tuesday from a trip to Salt
Lake City, Utah, Denver, Colo., and
other points. Mrs. Olson and family
are now occupying the new home
erected for them by the reclamation
service.
V. M. Steele, the district engineer,
came out here from El Paso on
Wednesday to spend a brief period
here.

Before returning to his home in
Artesia, Mor. Henry Temple stopped off
here on his way home from the college at Mesilla Park and accepted a
position here in the mercantile Flore
Wrights beginning on the new mr-

Two Mexicans having had some
previous trouble over a love affair,
met a few evenings ago and both
armed, would have fought a duel if
officials had not interfered. After a
trial in the court of Justice of the
Peace William Snitches, was released
and Pedro Pitas was fined $15 or 90
days in jail. The first fine imposed
by the officials here for a certain offense, is usually sufficient to discourage other trouble of a similar nature.
F. S. Hixford, in New York 11.1. e
buildings, Kansas City, Mo., says: "I
had a severe attack of a cold with it
settled in my back and kidneys and I
was in great pain from my trouble. A
friend recommended Foley Kidney Pills and I used two bottles of them and they have done me a world of
good. J. H. Gillett.

San Diego - California

This summer you should spend
your vacation at the hotel's famous new hotel on Ideal highway
in the ideal summer climate. Cool
ocean breezes every day
Hotel Absolutely Fireproof.
, .. Luxurious rooms.
SUMMER RATES
Rooms from $1.50 day up. Special
monthly rates. Two large salt
plunges. Scientific massage. Hot
air baths. Palm court, $1,000 electric
fountain. Write for booklet
TAMS H. ROVINSS

SHOREHAM HOTEL
666 CARONDELET ST. LOS ANGELES
One block from beautiful Westlake park. Within fifteen minutes of
shopping center, theaters, etc. Newest and best appointed "and
tourist hotel in the fashionable Westlake district. American Plan For
rates and further particulars address W. C. Brode, Proprietor.

Open
Air
Bungalows

BEACH
HOTEL

Middle Class and Kerrly Prices,
Try Foley Kidney Pills for quick
and permanent results in all cases of
kidney and bladder troubles, and for
painful and annoying irritations.

TUBERCULOSIS
TUB OPEN AIR BUNGALOW LIFE GIVES NATURE A
CHANCE and costs much less than housekeeping. Altitude 1500 feet; 100 acres: an hour's ride from Los Angeles; resident physician: trained nurses; good table)
WRITE TODAY FOR BOOKLET and FULL SUMMER RATES to Los Angeles office. Suite 114' Coulter
It 1.1 ir Hillcrest Ave. ........ 7 . ' -

LA JOLLA STRAND HOTEL, for a quiet rest.
HOME COMFORTS. SAFE SEA BATHING.
RATES $2 per day. $10 per week.
A. B. CURTISS & CO., 324 D St., San Diego, Cal.

1:1 i;opi:.n
New Modern Fireproof.
HOTEL LEE

J. H. O'Dell,

Mills and Furniture.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.
M. L. Hines Prop.

Phones-

One of the best moderate-priced hotels in Los Angeles. Convenient, central location. Five minutes from
Broadway. Rates $2.00 per day and
up; with private bath, $3.00 and up.
Reduced rates from So. Pac., and
Southern Pacific cars from Santa Fe stations call at Hotel.

Home 10743. Sunset. Mun rtX5..

JTRY A MORNING JOURNAL WANT AD THEY GET RESULTS