THE ALBUQUERQUE MORNING JOURNAL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1910.

UNION PRESSMEN
GREAT CAMPAIGN
ON WHITE PLAGUE

Hundred Thousand Dollars to
Be Spent on Mammoth Institution for Treatment of Tuberculosis in America.
Some time on the members of the International Printing Pressmen and Assistants' Union were filled upon, at the result of the passage of the Referendum Vote, that the union up to that time, contribute one day's pay for the establishment of a home for union printing pressmen and assistants, to be located at Hale Springs, Tenn., on the main line of the Southern Railroad, 38 miles from Asheville, N. C.

The union's pay is also to be used in a national agitation against the spread of tuberculosis. In discussing this mammoth undertaking of their national organization, the local representatives of the International Printing Pressmen's and Assistants' Union had this to say, which reflects great credit on the organization for their progressive and humane principles:

"Though we appreciate the absolute necessity of establishing a sanatorium for the cure of tuberculosis," said the local officials, "at the same time we do not propose that the expenditure for the establishment of a sanatorium shall be purely for the purpose of domiciling our members affected with consumption. The project covers not only the establishment of a sanatorium for the cure of members affected with the disease, but the cornerstone has been laid on which the most practical home for superannuated and disabled members can be erected.

"The commissioners of the International organization on this subject and by authority of the referendum have purchased a tract of land 38 miles from Asheville, N. C., consisting of 519 acres, 210 odd in cultivation. On this site there has been in operation for a century past a health resort, which was made famous by its famous mineral waters, there being five different species, all of which will be most beneficial in consummating our complete project.

"The accessibility of the home to the great bulk of our membership will be better appreciated when we say that within a fourteen hours' ride two-thirds of our members will be able to enjoy the privileges of such an institute.

"We have in course of construction a complete practical farming system, through which every inch of the 519 acres will be brought into use, with full respect to the continuous production from the soil.

"The enormous influence of our members on the disease. It will be noted by the government statistics that out of five hundred occupations, the printing pressmen and assistants rank fourth as the most seriously affected.

"Our plan of campaign against the disease is summed up in three departments: First, the educational department; second, the sanitary workshop department; third, the sanatorium department.

"In explanation of these departments, we may say that in the educational feature we expect much substantial good, until continued instruction in the percentage of decrease. Our plan of education is carried on through lessons given to the membership through the subordinate unions and by local sub-commissioners, who are made part and parcel to this work, and have permanent existence as part of each local organization's official roster.

"Lectures or lessons are begun with the most simple and rudimentary phases of the work, and are advanced as rapidly as the organization grasps the full merit of the lesson. To be able to determine the interest taken, answers from the local sub-commissioners are insisted upon, and their analysis of the lecture and lesson in question. If it has been properly handled then another grade of instruction is immediately forwarded. This same process is carried on through the ladies' auxiliaries, which are subordinate to the International.

"As to the second department, we may say that the same commissioners referred to above are deputized to make minute study of the sanitary conditions of the workshop of each printing house in their respective city. The regulations in the office are insisted upon if the sanitary equipments are not existing.

"The points to be investigated by the sanitary sub-commission are:
1. The question of sunlight.
2. The question of more fresh air.
3. The question of clean, sanitary batting, or rags used in dusting, wiping or cleaning the machinery.
4. The question of clean drinking cups.
5. The question of the thorough cleansing of the floors regularly by the porter, or those given that duty, to the end that the dark corners and lavatories may be kept in such shape that will not permit the lodgment of tuberculosis bacilli.
6. The enforcement of the use of the spittoon by every person in the printing department coming under the jurisdiction of our organization.

"The value of this point should not be underestimated. Spittoons should be kept well supplied with water; should be emptied and sterilized regularly each day, or sooner if possible. Spitting on the floors should not be tolerated by anyone, for the entire responsibility of the disease upon the human family comes from the tuberculosis bacilli found in the sputum of every person affected with tuberculosis, the germs of which are innumerable, and, if lodged in a dark, damp place, through the spitting of unintentional or careless persons, germs will live for months and months, and when disturbed will fill the air and find nourishment upon the persons who breathe the air filled with them.

"The germs are also favored by damp, dark rags, which should be prohibited. In connection with the enforcement of the conditions, we would say that it has been determined upon by the board of directors of the International union to give the same consideration in the matter of regulating sanitary workshops as has been given in the regulation of our work day in the general—

Sketches of Jeffries

Who
When James J. Jeffries was born, thirty-five years ago April 15 last, a first-class fighting man was created. He was endowed with everything that goes to make up a fighter, right from the start. He did not need to train and school himself to any great extent; he had both the brain and the brawn, and all he lacked was the ambition to win fame as a fighter. When that ambition did come to him it required but two years for him to vanquish every fighter worthy of consideration, and make the championship title one of his personal assets. Once he secured it, the only way he could find of ridding himself of the burden it imposed was to give it away. That is what Jeff did with it. He looked over the field of worthy challengers with a view to adopting one of them as his heir. Eight years after his first fight he decided that Marvin Hart was the heir apparent, and added him in Hart's favor.

One of the striking things about Jeffries is the fact that it took a great deal of argument to convince him that he was a fighting man at all. Despite nature's generosity to him in the matter of size and strength, he had a strong suspicion all the time that he was intended to be a farmer. Through his early life he displayed a great fondness for getting close to nature via a fishing rod or a gun, and spent quite a bit of time among the mountains. He developed a decided fondness for country life, and when he resigned his high state as champion, having annexed enough money through purses, moving pictures and stage appearances to do what he pleased, he hastened to a farm in southern California with the intention of ending his days as a sort of country squire. Had John Arthur Johnson and the color question not interfered with his plans, he would, in all probability, have carried out that determination. Jeffries was born in Carroll, Ohio, in 1875, but his parents came to California so soon after his arrival that he is looked upon almost as a native of that state. Little is recorded of his doings prior to 1897 beyond the fact that he was a mighty hunter, a good horseman, and a rough and tumble fighter, with whom few cared to mix. He never was an amateur fighter. The first time he entered the ring he did so on the spur of the moment, accepting the challenge of a colored fighter named "Hank" Griffin, because of the money he would get by defeating the challenger. The fight occurred in Los Angeles, Cal., in 1897, and Jeff accomplished the defeat of the colored man in fourteen rounds, finishing up with an artistic knockout.

While this victory did not seem to arouse Jeff to any ambition as a fighter, it attracted the attention of fighters to him as a valuable training partner. He seconded a middleweight named Billy Callahan in San Francisco two years later, and Callahan got him a match in '99 with Dan Long of Denver. There was a $1,000 purse up, and Long went to sleep in the second round when Jeff's fist encountered his nose.

It was shortly after this that Jim Corbett began to prepare for his fight with Bob Fitzsimmons, which gave Jeff his first real boxing lessons, and he took them from a master of the art. Three weeks after Corbett's reign, Jeff was in the ring again on his own hook, doing away with the aspirations of two promising heavyweights in quick succession in 1899.

So much had Jeff benefited by Corbett's training that he was marked for an increase in our wages. This plan we believe will bring about the result desired.

"In reference to the third department, of sanatorium, we may say it is to be established on the tract of land referred to. And in the establishment of this sanatorium we believe that the most practical plan is found in the location that we have selected.

"The question of altitude and climate enters seriously in the matter of successful sanatorium. It has been found that the high and dry altitudes do not give the results that the more medium, less radical altitudes are capable of. Moreover, the permanency of cure is a point which the high, dry altitudes do not meet, for in the investigations made, it has been clearly proven that a very large percent of those cases assisted in the high, dry altitudes are affected by relapse when returned to their home, the difference being so great in altitude and climate that the cure is not of permanent nature.

"In the selection of the spot desired we have sufficient evidence as to the practicability of climate and altitude, because of the existence of many institutes, private and fraternal, which are located within a radius of one hundred miles, and successful cures are being regularly made by the institutes in that section of the country.

"We are of the opinion that the sanatorium is one of the links necessary to complete the chain against tuberculosis. The only practical way of curing it is in an institute for that purpose, where consistent attention will be enforced; for indeed, there is no disease quite as delicate as consumption, and to successfully arrest it and make permanent the cure, the patient must at all times be under the direct supervision as to diet, exercise, environment, etc., of a physician of knowledge and authority.

"As to the cost of this institute, we estimate that to complete the program in its entirety $100,000 will be expended. In the expenditure of this amount, however, we are firmly convinced that the maintenance fee will be materially reduced as a result of the farming system to be placed in operation. A maintenance fee of 10 cents per member when the Institute is on placed in operation, will meet the requirements as outlined."

Try a Morning Journal Want Ad

Will Decide Physical Supremacy of White and Black
...In Reno Arena on July Fourth...

As a coming lighter at once, and a match was arranged for him with this Kullin of Akron, Ohio, which was fought in San Francisco in 1904. The fight went twenty rounds to a draw.

In the same year Jeffries fought Joe Choynski a twenty-round draw. He recalls this fight particularly, he says, because Choynski landed on his jaw the hardest blow he ever received. It was a right hander, and had so much good will behind it that Jeffries never forgot it. That punch was one of the things that made Jeffries cut Choynski to his aid when he decided to return to the ring to fight Johnson.

During the next year Jeffries began to find out how strong he really was. He knocked out Joe Coddard of Australia, a hardy fighter with many victories to his credit, followed that up by knocking out old Peter Jackson in three rounds, and making Mexican Pete Everett quit in less than three. A twenty-round draw with Tom Sharkey came in the same year, and then Jeffries went to New York, where he was matched to fight two men in one evening. The first of these was Joe Choynski (colored), and Jeff damaged his hand against the big black to such an extent that he could not meet Steve O'Donnell, the other man, much to the delight of O'Donnell's friends.

During this time Bob Fitzsimmons was retaining the championship against all comers. A match was made between Jeff and Bob at Coney Island, 1905. It was looked upon as a joke, as the man who had gathered Jim Corbett's scalp in decisive style was thought to be able to play with the big greenhorn, Jeffries. Fitzsimmons did play with him for nine rounds. If there was any part of Jeff's head he did not hit at will, nobody at the ringside could locate the place. But in the tenth Fitz tired, and in the eleventh, after going down twice, he was unable to get up a third time, and Jim Jeffries was champion of the world.

Five months later Jeffries met Tom Sharkey again in a twenty-five-round fight at Coney Island. Jeff got a decision over the sailor, but he declares that Sharkey is the gamest man who ever entered the ring.

Corbett, by this time, was eager to get a match with his former sparring partner. The fight was arranged, and for twenty rounds Jeffries took a terrific amount of punishment. He utterly failed to reach Corbett with his gloves, although Corbett battered him around so freely that the big fellow looked foolish. Jeff's seconds told him that he was an ex-champion beyond doubt unless he did something, and Jeff went out to do it in the next round. He tore after Corbett, minding the storm of blows that met him no more than he would mind so many raindrops. His left reached Corbett's midsection in the twenty-third round, and a moment later his right ended the fight with a short-arm jolt to the jaw. Jeff's next fight of any importance was with his old opponent, Kullin. After five rounds Kullin fell. Jeff had learned too much for Kullin between their meetings.

Probably the greatest amount of punishment Jeff ever took and took a lot of it first and last was in his second fight with Fitzsimmons. The fight took place in 1902, and Fitz threw all his cleverness and strength into the champion in the first round, as classed among the has-beens for good.

The second fight with Jim Corbett was Jeff's last important fight. In that fight Jeff showed that he had at last learned the boxing game. He outfought Corbett, the admitted master of glove work and foot work, at every point of the game, and in the eleventh Corbett went down for the count. This was Corbett's last appearance in the ring.

Just prior to his retirement Jeff fought a four-round draw with Jack Munroe at Butte. It was a stay-four-rounds offer, and Munroe slaved by clinging to Jeff all the time. Munroe, after the fight, claimed he had knocked Jeff down. As a matter of fact, the big man slipped and fell; but Munroe boasted of his alleged triumph until Jeff's anger was aroused and another fight arranged. They met in San Francisco, and Munroe went down and out in the second round.

In his preparation for his fight with Johnson, Jeffries has done the hardest training work he was ever known to undergo. His methods have been peculiarly his own as a rule; he went in for bear shooting, fishing, mountain climbing and the like, and his trainers had little in say about what he did.

In preparing for Johnson, however, the retired champion has left no part of his training go uncurried for. He would not agree to the match until assured by tryout work and the opinions of physicians that he was physically able to get into good condition, and once assured of that, he took up his quarters in the Santa Cruz mountains, sixty miles south of San Francisco, and drilled as he never drilled before. In his camp Jim Corbett, volunteer aid, reigned supreme. Jeff believed Jim was a wise man on matters connected with care of the body, and he heeded the former champion's words. Joe Choynski was there also, and Bob Armstrong. All three of them were victims of Jeff's uplifting in times past, but they worked hard to prepare him for his life-and-death struggle. Choynski's unrecorded half lay in the defeat via a knockout of Jack Johnson. It was during a three-round fight at Galveston in 1905. Tom Flanagan was another of his training squad. He is a wrestler of considerable repute, and not a day of training passed but Jeffries engaged him in a struggling, hauling, belting, in-and-out fight.

Years ago, when Johnson began to loom on the pugilistic horizon, he urged his managers to make every effort to arrange for a fight with Jeffries. "Jeffries can't touch me," was his boast even in those days, and he trolled it over the fact that until he acquired a reputation, his prospects for a championship battle were but as gauzy as the tail of Halley's comet. He says he behaved then as confidently in his ability to achieve the title as he did six years later, when his last opportunity to battle for the supreme prize was realized.

"It was not my fights themselves, but my fight to get those fights that proved the hardest part of the struggle," Johnson told the Associated Press in recounting his difficulties in reaching the pinnacle of his ambition. "It was my color. They told me to get a 'rep'; but how was I to get a 'rep.' without meeting fighters of class? But I made them fight me. I just kept plugging along, snapping up what chances to fight I could snare in Germany has been approved by the council of the federated states and sent to the Reichstag. It is a very comprehensive scheme, containing over 1700 articles, an example of the thoroughness with which Germany carries out her social legislation. All the existing laws regulating sick, accident, old age, widows' and other insurance and pension systems are codified and arranged in a homogeneous system. Among the projected reforms is the replacing of the various officials who at present administer the different systems of insurance by new insurance departments, the maintenance of which would cost $1,077,000 annually, representing a considerable saving over the present administration.

The reform extends the existing sick insurance to agricultural laborers, foresters, casual laborers and others, also to actors and musicians whose salaries are under $1,000 a year. The reform extends the existing employed are equalized instead of remaining in the present relation of two to one. This equalization is also to apply to the insurance against disability. Employers and employed will be on a par.

The proposal to reduce the age for pensions from 70 to 65 is rejected on financial and technical grounds. To meet the wishes of the more prosperous among the insured, the principle of voluntary increases of insurance is adopted on a scale which insures an addition to the pension of $46.18 annually where an additional supplementary premium of $1.18 monthly has been paid for thirty years.

The widow and orphan insurance is somewhat changed from the first project. Where the deceased head of the family has had a right to a disability pension, and where the widow herself is disabled from work, she has a right to a pension for herself and for her children up to the age of 16. Legitimate children have equal right to pension on the death of the pensioned mother, whether the father is living or not.

The supplement paid by the state to widows' pensions is $170 a year, and to each child pension $12 a year. The pensions are so arranged that where a man earning $1,000 a year pays 11 cents weekly for illness his disability pension will be approximately $100 a year, that of his widow in case of death $150 in, and that of each child $15.12. New York times.

Jeffries,

and Johnson

grab, by and by the top matchmakers saw that sooner or later they'd have to take me on. As soon as I had shown what I could do, the fight public—most of the white world took sides with me, and that helped a whole lot."

Johnson asserts that he has never possessed the fright of a prospective opponent in any contest he has engaged in. None of them, he declares, had any terrors for him.

His four most important battles have been fought within the last year and a half, dating from his defeat of Tommy Burns in Australia, December 26, 1908. Having wrested the championship from Burns, he determined to meet and defend his title against all comers. His fights with Phil Scott, Jack Johnson, Al Kaufman and Stanley Ketchel followed in rapid succession. On his fights two or three years before, that had brought him prominence and helped him along greatly in his career, his contests with Sam Langford, the Houston negro; Joe Jeanette, Sam McVoy, Deliver Martin, Jim Flynn and others, Johnson lays no particular stress except to regard them as so many rungs of his ladder of success.

"I'm looking for a fight," asserted Johnson, "in which I really can let myself out and show the public just what I can do. That's one reason why I'm so anxious to go up against Jeffries."

Johnson's declaration sustains the judgment of numerous sporting writers who have maintained for years that the big negro seldom, if ever, extended himself, and was capable of striking harder blows than he has ever delivered in the ring. It appears to have been a general belief that Johnson was "holding back." This was particularly noticeable in his recent fight with Stanley Ketchel. In that bout Johnson toyed with his man all the way. He seemed to think the fight a joke until a slip and a timely punch brought Ketchel to his knees and aroused his anger. Just what happened next has never been clearly known. It was too fast to watch; and in an instant's time Ketchel was on his back and being counted out. He did not seem to realize what hit him and Johnson himself seemed astonished at the result of his sudden exhibition of strength and speed.

Johnson was born in Galveston, in 1878, his birthday being March 31, and if ring experience goes for anything, he has it. In 1901, his first year as a fighter, he fought six fights, winning all but one, which was a draw. The next year he went into the ring sixteen times, and from then on was almost constantly engaged until today he has to his credit over sixty battles. While many of his opponents have not been of the style to test his mettle, his frequent bouts have served at least to keep him always in training, no, this is one of the strong arguments of his partisans.

Temperamentally Johnson is an interesting study. His chief characteristic is his unfailing good nature, a curiously constant sort of even temper that nothing seems to ruffle. His "golden smile" is seldom out of evidence, and not even the coarse and insulting jibes that frequently greet him from fight spectators seem to have the power to disturb him. Even when ducking a storm of blows and showing wonderful skill in evading the onslaughts of his opponent, Johnson never loses his poise nor his power of observation. His eyes take in and appraise everything that transpires at the ringside. He seems to hear every comment made by the onlookers, and even in the midst of a clinch, when every muscle is tense, will recognize a witty sally from the audience with a flash of his ready smile, and, like as not, an equally witty rejoinder thrown at the audience over the reeking shoulder against which he is pressing.

"Why don't you fight, you black man?" yelled an enthusiast at the Johnson-Ketchel fight. The men were in a clinch at the time, but without an instant's hesitation, Johnson shouted back, "Why should I fight? I've got your ten dollars already."

And this cold-headedness under fire is another of the negro's qualities upon which his backers count, believing it impossible to rattle him by any known ring tactics. That his good nature does not indicate a low order of intelligence, however, has been clearly shown by his clever business methods and his rather well done ringside speeches. Men who have watched him say he simply has no nerves, using the word in the accepted sense.

Johnson feels that he has been well helped for his fight. He regards his present self that has whipped him into shape in his wind-swept camp on the bench as the best he ever had, and says no fighter was ever given more loyal and of fidel service than he has received. All of his training partners—those who do the real work with him—are young men.

Tom Flanagan, the man who assumed George Little's office and the nominal title of manager, is a well-known Canadian athlete and sportsman who has developed a number of prominent long-distance runners, among them Longboat, the Indian.

Walter Hums, in charge of the rubbing and massage squad, is a negro who has been with Johnson continuously for the last eight years. He is regarded as an expert in his line.

Harney Furey, a negro, who had charge of the roadwork department before Flanagan came out, has also been with Johnson for the last eight years, and, according to the claim-plan, the camp is never complete without him.

The sparring partners, Marty Culter (white) and George Colton and Dave Mills (colored), are strapping young heavyweights, who, in their capacity of human punching bags, have given the champion admirable service.

In addition to these men, Al Kaufman, the clout young heavyweight who has been training at the Johnson camp prior to his fight with Sam Langford, frequently donned the gloves with the champion, and these tilts never failed to furnish the real excitement at the camp.

Johnson's business affairs are looked after by Sig Hurt, who has been connected with the champion only since last October, but whose acquaintance with him dates back twelve years. Hart is one of Johnson's favorites, and it is thought to have been mainly on his account that George Little, who was hostile to Hart, was deposed. Hart is a veteran at the ring game, having been bantamweight champion eleven years ago.

Frank Sutton, a Wiltsburg negro who was formerly the trainer and a sparring partner of Hobby Dobbs, the colored lightweight champion, joined Johnson's camp some time ago to look after the big fellow's cuisine. He has officiated as Johnson's cook before and the champion is never entirely happy while training unless Frank is in the kitchen.

The last, but not the least important, of the big negro's training staff, is his huge 90-horsepower automobile—a battleship gray, torpedo-bodied affair that Johnson handles with cleverness and skill. This motor car has given Johnson more fun and his staff more worry than any one thing in his weeks of training. He loves the big toy, and, driving it himself, tore over the roads at a terrific pace until Promoter Tex Rickard felt constrained to interfere. Tex did not relish the thought of a mishap to the fighter, and in the three weeks prior to the fight persuaded Johnson to put his machine into the repair and paint shop, thus keeping the negro out of harm's way until the important event was on. Johnson is a chronic speed fiend, and while the car was at hand he never whirled away from camp but that his trainers expected a message telling of disaster.

service an ordinary
a flat pays a tax of
family living in
sixty-five francs
or $12.50 per year.
The wagons carry the rubbish to
quays along the river Seine, where it
is dumped upon inclined chutes
which carry it on to barges, which
are towed to points where the mate
rial is to be landed. Both while in
the boxes along the streets and on
the chutes the ordure is exposed to the
operations of chiffonniers, or rag
pickers, who sort out and take away
any rags, paper and other articles, from
the sale of which a large number of
men, women and children gain a liv
ing in Paris.
There are several private establish
ments in the north borough of Paris
where the household rubbish is treat
ed for the salvage of bottles, glass,
corks, tin cans, bones, etc., but by
far the most important of them is at
Pantin, about eight miles east of
Paris, on the Canal de l'Ourcq, which
connects with the Seine. The es
tablishment is owned and occupied
by a private company which was or
ganized and took up the business af
ter the government of Paris had fail
ed in its attempt to destroy the city
garbage by burning.
The ordure, being landed at the
wharves in its raw state, is carefully picked
over and all rags, bones, old paper,
sardine and other tin cans, metal, glass,
oyster shells, etc., which have es
caped the hook of the "chiffonnier" I
taken out and assorted for separate
treatment. The sardine, fruit, meal
and vegetable cuttings are cut up for the
which is used in making toys, for
which large quantities of this scrap
tin are sent to Germany.
The rough bones are used as ma
terial for glue, the finer ones for
making knife handles, billiard balls,
dominoes and other articles. Oyster shells,
which are rich in lime and phos
phates, are ground into powder,
which is mixed with grain and other
materials to make food for poultry.
The remainder of the rubbish,
which consists mainly of ashes and
vegetable refuse, is pulverized and
sold to farmers as a fertilizer. Owing
to its high percentage of potash it is
too strong to be used alone; it is
therefore mixed with farmyard manure. A
ton of these pulverized ashes (str)
to ten tons is sold at 14 to 15 francs
low to justify its transportation to any
unusual distance, so it is used mainly within
a radius of 10 to 15 miles. The or
der of the establishment at Pantin

BIG AERO SHOW TO
GIVE CHANCE TO

INVENTORS

New and Novel Aerial Devices
to Be Given Space at Coming
Air Exposition at St. Louis.
By Morning Journal Correspondent
St. Louis, Mo., June 21. Inventors of aerial apparatus who believe that they have invented something better than anyone else has thought of and who need only capital to make themselves famous, and their backers rich, will have an opportunity at the St. Louis National Aero Show, October 11 to 13, to get in touch with people to finance their work.

Announcement that inventors with drawings, models or partially completed machines will be eligible to take space in the Coliseum, where the exhibition will be held, has been received with enthusiasm by inventors all over the country who have so far been unable to make the financial connections which they need. C. L. Holton, manager of the show, told of this phase of the exhibition at a meeting of the St. Louis Aeronautic Experiment Association recently.

Although the very diversity and perhaps queerness of the various exhibits by inventors will be interesting, the exhibits of established manufacturers will of course be the routine. Applications for space have already been received from 17 different manufacturers in this country and from two foreign manufacturers.

So much room has been asked for by a number of live exhibitors that it is now planned to outline an additional hour in, filling the rooms adjoining the main arena in the show.

Work that will probably bear fruit the time of the opening of the Aero show, has been begun in St. Louis to provide a public aviation field with all necessary accommodations for aeroplanes. The Business Men's League, the Missouri Bureau of Immigration and the Aero club of St. Louis are back of the movement to spend $110,000 for the purpose. In order that St. Louis may be established as the center of the new industry of making aeroplanes.

If the plans mature this week as expected, work on the aviation field will commence at once and by the time of the opening of this show this fall, it is expected that there will be five aeroplane manufacturers already established here. The promoters of the public field believe that the 100 or more manufacturers of things aeronautic, who will exhibit at the Indoor show, will be largely influenced to set up their factories in St. Louis on account of the unusual facilities which will be afforded.

The plan is based on the fact that there is no such field at present in this country. This is the crying need of every builder of an aeroplane—a suitable place to maneuver in comparative safety, close to a big city. That a great aeronautic industry will result from the work of three thousand or more who are now building machines in this country alone seems inevitable, it is argued.

This field would be different from the one proposed by W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr., who wishes to convert the Long Island Motor Parkway, where the Vanderbilt cup motor races have been held, into a great aviation field. His idea is to establish a racing course and has in mind the promotion of the sport of aeroplaning without reference to the manufacturing industry, requiring that all aviators who use the course become professional aeroplane race drivers.

The St. Louis field would be a permanent place for the headquarters of inventors and manufacturers, the hangers on the field would be open free to anyone with an aeroplane, under any necessary restrictions that might be required in time. The public would be free to watch daily the maneuvers of these machines from grandstands provided for the purpose. The Aero club of St. Louis would guarantee to conduct two or more meetings a year with an appropriate prize list and charge admission only as far as necessary to defray expenses of the meet, turning any profit that might accrue back to the field fund for the maintenance of the grounds and hangers.

sends on from 100 to 1,000 carloads per day.

This industry illustrates the French people's talent for economy in every detail of daily life. Nothing that can fertilize or serve as material for any form of manufacture is wasted. Even the dust derived by vacuum cleaners in sweeping stores, offices and dwellings is considered a high-class fertilizer and sells for about four francs, or 80 cents, per 100 kilograms, or $8 per metric ton. Consular Report.

Grains of Paradise.

The first kind of
Liberia was called
pepper discovered
grains of para-
dise from a kindred species. These
are sometimes called cardamons, but
they are now better known as malagueta.
The leaves of this plant are an-
d of a light glossy green; the
flowers grow close to the ground,
stretching upward from hidden roots.
The flowers are succeeded by flat, ob
long fruit which when ripe are about
six inches long and yellow, russet or
satin in color, on account of the
sweetness of its pulp, the fruit is a
voracious food of the gorilla. With a
slimy dark brown color on the out
side and a white cruel, the seed is
not larger than hemp seed. The ker
nel is exceedingly aromatic and
soothing.
The malagueta, on account of its
spicy and aromatic qualities, was
highly prized by Europe and was the
foundation of most of the spices and
flavoring of its drinks and viands,
until for some unknown reason it
does not now appear among Liberia's
exports. It is thought that if the
valuable properties of this pepper
were known in the United States
there would be a large demand there
for it. Widely used by the natives, this
pepper grows in great abundance
throughout the coast forests of Li
beria.
Another pepper is made from the
fruit of the Xyopia aethiopica, a
tree, which grows from thirty to sixty
feet high. This is known under va
rious names—African, Guinea or
netto pepper. From the fruit tonic is
also made. The wood of this tree is
very elastic and is used for oars and
masts for small craft. Consular Report.