Albuquerque Morning Journal, Saturday, June 29, 1918.

International
Hay Baling Presses
One and Two Horse Size

Raabe & Mauger
"If It's Hardware We Have It."
Phone 74. 115-117 North First Street.

4ZTEC FUEL CO.
Store your
next winter's
Coal Now.
Phone
251

OFFICIAL STATEMENTS
BRITISH.
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LEASED WIRE
London, June 29. British troops
in attacks against the Germans have
advanced their line over a front of
nearly three and a half miles to an
average depth of nearly a mile east
of the Nieppe forest, which lies be
tween Bailleul and Hethune according
to the British official communication
issued this evening. West of Merris
Australian troops also captured en
emy positions. On both sectors pris
oners and machine guns were taken.
The text of the communication fol
lows: "This morning English troops car
ried out a successful operation on a
front of about three and a half miles
east of the Nieppe forest, our line
on this front has been advanced to an
average depth of nearly a mile and
more than 300 prisoners and twenty
two machine guns have been captured.
All of our objectives were gained, in
cluding the hamlets of WijniLliulte,
Verterue and La Becque.
"The enemy was taken by surprise
and our casualties are light.
"At the same hour Australian
troops attacked and captured certain
hostile posts west of Merris, together
with forty-three prisoners and three
machine guns.
"On the remainder of the British
front the situation is unchanged."

FRENCH
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LEASED WIRE
Paris, June 28. South of the Aisne, French troops in an attack over
a front of four and a half miles from
the south of Amblemy to the east of
Montgobert today captured German
positions and at some points advanced
their line to a depth of a mile and a
quarter, says the French official com
munication this evening. Prisoners to
the number of 1,060 thus far have
been counted. The communication
follows:
"South of the Aisne we attacked
this morning from the south of Am
blemy to the east of Montgobert in
order to require armed places on a
seven kilometer front. We entered
German works, took the Fosses above
Laversine and the heights northwest
of Cutry and advanced our lines near
the west of St. Hierre Alfile and also
on the hill south of this village.
"Our advance reached at some
points a depth of two kilometers. We
have taken until now 1,060 prisoners."
"Aviation: On June 26-27 twenty
German machines were brought down
or put out of action and four captive
balloons were burned."

ITALIAN
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LEASED WIRE
Rome, June 28. Today's Italian of
ficial statement says:
"Along the whole front there was
moderate artillery activity. The oper
ation of reconnoitering parties gave
rise to brisk fighting episodes on Monte
Canino and south of Sasso Rosso.
On the Asiago plateau a British
party penetrated into the enemy
trenches, inflicting losses on him and
bringing back a few prisoners.
"Our airmen carried out lively bom
bardment incursions."

GERMAN
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LEASED WIRE
Berlin June 28 (via London). The
Germans are busily engaged in at
tempts to repulse vigorous attacks by
the allied armies north of the Lys and
south of the Aisne rivers, says the
German official communication is
sued this evening.
The communication follows:
"North of Lys and south of the
Aisne we are fighting to repulse vig
orous enemy partial attacks."

Berlin, June 29 (via London)
Between Hailleul and Hethune and
south of the Aisne the allied artillery
fire increased to great intensity Fri
day morning, says the German offi
cial communication today. Infantry
engagements developed on isolated
sectors. The statement follows:
"There have been lively activity on
the part of the British and the French
on both sides of the Somme. On oth
er sectors also, between the Ypres and
the Marne the artillery fire increased
Thursday evening. The enemy's fire
this morning increased to great Inten
sity on both sides of the Lys between
Hailleul and Bethune and south of
the Aisne. Our artillery replied vig
orously. Infantry engagements also
developed on isolated sectors.
"Strong flying forces have been
brought into action and led to violent
aerial combats. Yesterday our aviators
shot down twenty-five airplanes and
one captive balloon and our anti-craft
guns shot down five airplanes."

CHANGING LIMITS OF
DRAFT AGE IS NOT
FAVORED BY SENATE

Senator McCumber took Congress
in task for "abdicating its duties,"
and leaving the executive departments
to direct everything. Congress, he
said, has not once asked itself how
large an army will be necessary to
win this war or what tonnage will be
required to support the army; but in
stead it has devoted its time to pass-
ing bills recommended by the adminis
tration. Admitting that the secretary of war is
a good lawyer, Senator McCumber
asked if he has had any more mili
tary training than members of the
military committee to warrant his
judgment being more acceptable than
theirs.
The allies, including the United
States are "tardy, inefficient followers,"
of Germany in the development
and use of big guns and other mod
ern war appliances," Senator Mc
Cumber declared and any budget pro
viding for less than an army of five
million men is "playing with war and
not conducting war."
Allied Line Was Broken.
Asserting that Secretary Baker and
the press of the country seemed to be
the only ones who had the opinion
some time ago that the allied line on
the western front could not be broken
but despite the optimism of the sec
retary of war, the senator said, Ger
many broke the line and forced it
back in one place thirty-six miles in
three days and despite reports of
great allied reserves in France ready
to stem the onslaught, there never
has been any considerable number of
reserves.
"The reserve force lies in the sol
diers of the United States." He de
clared. "We might as well recognize
that now."
Submarine losses as computed by
the navy department were cited by
Senator McCumber as another evi
dence of "our habit of minimizing our
disasters and magnifying our suc
cesses." Linking for May.
He mentioned that he recently called
attention of the Senate to an
Amsterdam cable saying the German
claim that the sinking for May totalled
614,000 gross tons. This statement
he said, led Senator Beckham, of
Kentucky to get a statement from the
navy department which showed the
actual losses from May 1 to 28 in
clusive were 233,638 gross tons and
the estimate for the entire month was
275,171 tons.
Two days after Senator Beckham
obtained the statement, Senator Mc
Cumber said, the British admiralty
reported the May losses for the Brit
ish alone were 224,735 gross tons, and
that losses of other countries from all
causes were 110,310, making the to
tal losses of May 335,045 gross tons.
He said computation of American
ship building in dead weight tons is
misleading since losses are figured in
gross tons.

7 KILLED, SCORE
INJURED IN WRECK
BY MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LEASED WIRE
Chicago, June 28.-Seven persons
were killed and a score injured to
night at Elmhurst by the wrecking of
an Elgin, Aurora & Chicago limited
four-car train, which struck a truck
at a grade crossing. The line was
blocked several hours.
Among the dead is Major Robert
E. Brooks of the regular army, for
merly a captain in the Philippines, at
Join the "Two-Bit Club."

U.S.C.W.B.
IMPORTANT

Delegation Will Go for Purpose
of Assisting Country Economically and Industrially,
Announcement,
MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LEASED WIRE
Washington, June 29. Plans for
sending a commission to Russia to
assist that country economically and
industrially have advanced to the
point where it is possible to announce
on official authority that the person
nel of the commission is now being
discussed.
Men familiar with industrial condi
tions in Russia and especially those
acquainted with the transportation
systems of the country, are being
sought. The delicate work which the
commission will be called upon to per-
form in dealing with numerous fac
tions in a country just beginning to
work out its destiny will require that
each person selected will be weighed
carefully as to his fitness, it may be
some weeks before the personnel is
completed.
The decision of the government to
fulfill President Wilson's pledge that
the United States stands back of Rus
sia ready to give any aid possible, it
is understood, will not be changed by
developments there. In fact, the pos
sible shifting of government control
is regarded as more likely to hasten
the departure of the commission than
to retard its point.
It is not contemplated, that the
commission will undertake any work
of a political or diplomatic nature,
except in so far as it is necessary for
accomplishing its purposes in an in-
dustrial way. For that reason the
chairman likely will not be a man
connected with the government or
who has held high position and been
constantly in public life. Rather, it
is hoped to find men for the commis
sion who have been intimately con
nected with big industrial enterprises
and who can approach the Russians
with singleness of purpose to offer
expert advice on internal reconstruction. The object of the commission will
be solely to help Russia. There will be
no show of force accompanying it, but
it is expected that due precautions will
be taken to safeguard the life of the
members. If any action becomes nec
essary, it will be of a police nature,
rather than military.
Activities of the commission natur
ally will be determined to a great ex
tent after they have reached Siberia
and begun a study of the situation.
The commission will go with virtual
ly free hands, to work as a unit or
separately, as it sees fit.

Washington, June 29. All reports
of sensational developments in Rus
sia are treated by officials here with
the utmost reserve and with a dispo
sition to believe nothing, until the in
formation comes through direct and
official channels.
The state department has heard
through neutral countries of the ru
mored assassination of the former
czar, the proclaiming of Grand Duke
Nicholas as emperor, the overthrow
of the Bolshevik government at Mos
cow and the flight of Lenin and
Trotsky, the proclamation of a sep-
arate government in Siberia under
Grand Duke Michael, and of Berlin
reports that Kerensky is regarded as
the man of the hour in regard to any
thing that comes out of Berlin or from any
German source, state department officials are
frankly skeptical. They recall many
stories set afloat by the Germans with
the hope of trapping the United States
and allies into compromising their po
sition by a stand for or against one
of the Russian factions.
Domestic minors have indicated a
gradual weakening for several weeks
of the Bolshevik government. This
situation has been connected inti
mately with the food crisis.
The state department today received
word from Helsingfors that Swedish
press reports from the Petrograd tele
graph bureau under date of yesterday
contained the rumor of the downfall
of the Bolshevik government and the
capture of Moscow by Korniloff, Kale
dines and German troops and of the
proclamation of Nicholas Michael
ovitch as emperor. The reports added
that Helsingfors awaited confirmation
of the rumors.

MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LEASED WIRE
London, June 29. At the Russian
embassy it was declared today that
no official confirmation had been re
ceived of the report that the former
Russian emperor had been assasi
nated. If the report is true the
crime is not a political one, according
to the embassy officials, but merely
an act of brutality on the part of an
angry guard.
Regarding the unexpected appear
ance in London of Alexander Ker
ensky, the former premier of Russia,
the embassy said it knew of his pres
ence here for several days but chose
to let him take his own time for re
vealing himself.
The former premier left Russia un
der an assumed name because of the
Bolshevik menace and on account of
a price being placed on his head,
was stated. His flight, which lasted
three months, was attended by ad
ventures of all sorts. He embarked
at Murmansk for England, members
of the Russian embassy added.
"Kerensky's political action will ob
viously consist of showing the entente
allies the necessity of intervention in
Russia."

Villa's March Toward Border,
Juarez, Mex., June 28. Travelers
reaching this place today, from the
south told of the presence at Coyamla,
Chihuahua, of 800 Villa followers,
mounted and marching in the direc
tion of Ojinaga, on the Texas border.
Francisco Villa is reported in com
mand of the party, but this is not of
ficialy confirmed.

KERENSKY LEFT
RUSSIA UNDER
ASSUMED NAME

ASSASSINATION OF
FORMER CZAR HAS
BEEN CONFIRMED
(Wire from The Associated Press)
Rumors are current that the family of
the czar has been taken to Perm.
Lofty ideals rarely attained, unpar
alleled good intentions seldom translated
into action, and enlightened and pro
gressive thought that found expression more often in reaction and op
pressive acts than in reforms, made
the character and career of Nicholas
Romanoff, deposed emperor of Rus
sia, a strange commingling of contra
dictions and inconsistencies.
Although, personally, he seemed
sincere, simple, straightforward, peace
loving, moderate and of benevolent in
tent, disliking hypocrisy or ostenta
tion, a model husband and father, yet
it was often asserted that he ruled
Russia in a reactionary spirit, was
jealous of authority, aroused to action
chiefly over trifles, subject to morbid
moods during which he was capable
of cruelty, was suspicious, vacillating
and timid.
Denied Liberties to Think.
It was the same autocrat of all the
Russias, who called the first great
world's peace conference at The
Hague, proclaimed the principle of in
ternational disarmament and distribu
ted 20,000,000 acres of land among the
Russian peasants, who also refused to
limit the autocratic power of the em
peror when appealed to by represent
atives of the Russian people, who sup
pressed the nationality of the Poles
and denied liberty to the Finns. It
was he who granted constitutional re
forms for Russia and then became a
party to limitation of the constitu
tional rights of the representatives of
the people. Though he dealt humane
ly in some respects with the minor na
tionalities merged into Russia, the
Jews suffered under his rule great re
striction. Withholding Russia from
war with England and developing the
Franco-Russian entente into a formal
alliance, he yet allowed Russia to drift
into war with Japan and, when Russia
drew her sword to halt the progress
of German aggression, failed to pros
ecute the war with energy and is said
to have preferred a German victory to
liberal control of the Russian gov
ernment. The usual explanation of these con
tradictions between his characteristics
and his policies, was that Nicholas
was of benevolent disposition but
weak in will, easily swayed by the re
actionary forces of the Russian bu
reaucracy by which he was surround
ed and which hampered and hindered
the achievement of his own desires.
Yet, under outside influence, he was
capable of nerving himself to strong
determinations and firm action such
for example, as his initiation of the
movement to disarmament.
The empress, it was said, once car
ricatured him as a bald-headed infant,
tied to a high chair, surrounded by a
crowd of grand dukes and duchesses,
each of whom tried to feed him in a
different way with the result that the
infant was distracted with tears. By
some this was regarded as a faithful
portrayal of the emperor's position.
Rescued Assassin Before
Nicholas, son and successor of Em
peror Alexander III, was born in St.
Petersburg, May 18, 1868, was educat
ed under the direction of Constantino
Pobedonostseff, procurator general of
the Holy Synod, and received military
training but had no personal tastes for
soldiering. Before his accession to the
throne, he was sent on a tour of

Greece, Cyprus, India and Japan, where he and the duma. The hungry poo-

he narrowly escaped assassination by
a Japanese fanatic. In that incident,
it was said, the Russian heir-appar
ent gave evidence of timidity.
He succeeded to the throne on No
vember 1, 1894, at the death of his
father and within a few weeks there
after married Princess Alexandra Alix,
afterward known as Alexandra Feo
dorovna, daughter of the Grand Duke
of Hesse, by whom he had four daugh
ters, the Grand Duchesses Olga, Tatl-
ana, Marie and Anastasia, and one
son, the Grand Duke Alexei, heir ap
parent to the Russian throne up to the
time of his father's abdication. Em
peror Nicholas' coronation at Moscow
a year and a half later was attended
by a festival in which 2,000 persons
were trampled to death.
Was Weak Ruler.
The autocratic ruler of many mil
lions of Russians was 26 years old
when he succeeded to the throne. His
lack of experience in the rough af
fairs of the world and the limitations
of his early training in the secluded
Russian court had failed to qualify
him in any way to fill the role of an
autocrat. Instead of wielding the
scepter with a firm hand he suc
cumbed at once to the stupefying in
fluences of the bureaucratic forces
which dictated Russian policies.
He alienated the love and loyalty of
the Russian people within a short
time after his accession as emperor by
rebuking a delegation from the Rus
sian Zemstvos, who gathered at the
winter palace to greet the new sov
ereign and brought a memorial in
which they suggested that the law be
enforced with equal justice to all and
hinted at an extension of constitu
tional rights to the people. Prompted
by Pobedonostseff or other bureau
cratic mentors, the emperor denounc
ed these suggestions as idiotic dreams.
From that time Nicholas was to a
large extent under the control of his
ministers.
Five years after his accession to the
throne, Nicholas startled all Europe
by calling in 1899 the first conference
at The Hague to discuss the principle
of disarmament and arbitration. Al
though it did not lead to the result he
anticipated, it yet forms the basis for
hopes of men throughout the world of
erecting a structure for the main
tenance of peace.
By some Nicholas was held largely
responsible for the Russo-Japanese
war on the ground that he permitted
his favorites to develop the aggressive
policy in Manchuria and Korea which
aroused Japan to hostilities.
His Part in the Great War.
Adoption of a policy of fostering
the development of Slav nationalities
in the Balkans led Nicholas into a
clash with Austria-Hungary and when
the German emperor aligned himself
beside Austria "in shining armor,"
Russian ambitions suffered a check.
To what extent Nicholas dictated the
policy of challenging Austrian ag
gressions upon Serbia which led to the
great war that began in 1914 is not
revealed, but he is said to have in
sisted that Germany should not be
permitted to awe Russia a second
time.
Soon after the beginning of the
war the emperor proclaimed the au
tonomy of a reunited Poland and in
this, as well as in his resistance to
German aggression, he was in line
with the development of Russian lib
eralism. After months of continuous
disaster to the Russian arms, Nicho
las took command of the Russian
armies from Grand Duke Nicholas in

DIFFICULTIES OF
SHIPPING BOARD

TOLD COMMITTEE
BY MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LEASED WIRE
Washington, June 28. Difficulties
of the shipping board in meeting the
tremendous demands of the war for
tonnage were described to the senate
commerce committee today by P. A.
S. Franklin, chairman of the board's
committee in charge of ocean traffic.
He said it was "like trying to put five
gallons in a pint cup."
Prospects of a serious coal short
age along the Atlantic coast next win
ter are increasing daily, Mr. Frank
lin told the committee, complaining
that in addition to other coal problems
it was necessary to bunker for round
trip ships leaving American ports for
Europe and to send large quantities
of coal to South America and the Pa-
cific-hands to supply plants produc
ing manganese, nitrates, and other
war materials.
Mr. Franklin appeared particularly
to discuss a statement yesterday by
W. L. Doheny of Los Angeles, presi
dent of an oil tank line, that the for
mer was head of a company interested in the New York Shipbuilding
Company, which got $10,000 over the
original contract price for building a
tank steamer commandeered by the
shipping board while under construc
tion. Mr. Franklin said he was con
cerned with operations only and has
nothing whatever to do with the con
tracts for commandeered ships nego
tiated by the emergency fleet corpora
tion.
September, 1915. His command, how
ever, was regarded as only nominal.
Although the influences leading to
the revolution of March, 1917, which
forced his abdication, were various
and some of them obscure, it was evi
dent that the leaders of Russian lib
eral thought blamed the emperor for
failure to prosecute the war success
fully, for continuing the rule of the
bureaucrats and for the growth of a
pro-German influence at the Russian
court which were undermining Rus
sia's war strength. There was a bitter
struggle between the duma and the
reactionary party, a shortage of food,
lack of supplies for the army, neglect
of precaution and organization. Some
of these were attributed by the liberal
leaders to "dark forces" at the court.
One of these for which the emperor
was held personally responsible was
the mysterious power exercised by
Gregory Rasputin, the mystic monk,
who had obtained great ascendency
over both emperor and empress. One
explanation was that Rasputin had
fostered the emperor's mind by deept
ly the belief that the health of his
only son, the Grand Duke Alexis, de
pended upon Rasputin's good offices
and presence at the court. Protests
against the monk's power and presr
ence and against the mysticism and
superstition that enveloped the Rus
sian throne were suppressed. The re-
sentment culminated in the murder
of Rasputin and was fanned to re
newed flame by the honors paid him
after death, including burial in a
chapel on the grounds of the emper
or's palace at Petrograd.
The government had ordered the
dissolution of the council of the em
pire were incensed by lack of food sup
plies and held the government re
sponsible for their sufferings. The
duma rejected the imperial ukase of
dissolution, continued its meetings
and appointed an executive committee.
It was believed to represent the de
mand of the people that the war
should be prosecuted, with greater
vigor and efficiency. The troops in
Petrograd sustained the duma and
within three days from its inception
the revolution was accomplished, the
government overthrown and Nicholas
forced to abdicate.
Nicholas seemed to be stunned by
the suddenness of the blow and made
no attempt to resist. He rejected the
suggestion of one of his generals that
the Russian lines be opened and let
the Germans pass through and "deal
with the Canaille in Petrograd," de
claring that he was no traitor. He
expressed the hope that he might be
permitted to live at his palace in
Livadia, in the Crimea, where he
loved to stroll with the empress
among the flowers and woods.
His state as prisoner must have
been in painful contrast with that
which he enjoyed as a Russian auto
crat. His private wealth has been es
timated at 2,000,000,000, but it
was confessed that no accurate idea
of its vastness was obtainable. His
income was believed to exceed
10,000,000 a year. His personal ex
penses were placed at $50 a day, but
the expense of maintaining the royal
state were almost incredible.
In common men was ruddy
slender and undersized and, being
sensitive on that point, usually occu
pied the foreground when a photo
graph was being made so that his
size would be exaggerated. His re
semblance to King George of England
was often remarked. He was blond
and wore a full brown beard. Having
no desire for ostentation, he avoided
crowds and pomp when possible and
carried no airs or bluster. Although
as emperor he was head of the ortho
dox Greek church, both he and his
empress were said to have been
Spiritualists, and it was said that he
often consulted mediums, some of
whom maintained considerable Influence
over him. His outdoor pleasures
were a mild sort such as cowing,
cycling, sketching or playing tennis,
of which game he was very fond.
The Wolff bureau's advices added
that Grand Duke Michael Alexandro
vitch of Russia is at Omsk and is
heading an anti-Bolshevik movement.
Grand Duke Michael, it is said, has
refused to assume the throne, preferring to leave the decision to an all
Russia popular assembly.

Prisoners Escape From Jail
Juarez, Mexico, June 28.-Ten
prisoners, two of them held under
murder charges, made their escape from
the Juarez jail today by sawing
through two sets of steel bars and
climbing a high wall. Luis Banam
legos, an El Paso Mexican, charged
with robbing a Mexican army pay
master, is said by officials to be the
leader of the party. Late tonight
none of the men had been recaptured.

Ransom Trains Robbed:
Juarez, Mex., June 28. An
nouncement was made here today of
the hold-up and robbery of the north
bound Mexican Central train at Samalayuca, thirty miles south of Juarez,
at midnight Wednesday. Passengers
were relieved of their money and val
uables but none was hurt. Five to
six heavily armed men carried out the

hold-up.

I HAVE been using Doctor Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin for more than
seven years. I believe it saved my little grand
daughter's life, as she had such terrible spasms,
caused by the condition of her stomach until
we gave her Syrup Pepsin. Our family thinks
there is no remedy like Dr. Caldwell's
Syrup Pepsin for the stomach and bowels."
(From a letter to Dr. Caldwell, written by Mrs.
C. F. Brown, 102 Garfield Ave., Kansas City, Mo.)

Dr. Caldwell's
Syrup Pepsin
The Perfect Laxative
Sold by Druggists Everywhere
50 cents ($1.00)

A mild, pleasant laxative, as positively effective
as it is gentle in its action. For a free trial
bottle send your name and address to Dr. W. B.
Caldwell, 458 Washington St., Monticello, Ill.

NOMINATIONS FOR
ALL PROMOTIONS

BY MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LEASED WIRE
Washington, June 28. Nominations
of eight brigadier generals in the na
tional army to be major generals and
of forty-three colonels to be brigadier
generals, were sent to the senate today by
President Wilson.
The brigadier generals recommended
for promotion were Mason M. Patrick;
Edward M. Lewis, William J.
Snow, Peter E. Traub, William S.
Graves, James G. Harbord and
Charles P. Summerall.
Col. Cornelius Vanderbilt of New
York and Col. Douglas MacArthur,
son of the late Lieutenant General
MacArthur, and chief of staff of the
Rainbow division, who recently was
wounded in a drive on the German
trenches, were among the colonels
nominated to be brigadier generals.
Colonels nominated to be brigadier
generals were: Charles C. Walcutt,
Jr., Edward R. Chrisman, Edwin B.
Winans, William P. Jackson, Samuel
D. Rockenbach, Meriwether W. Wicker,
Otho R. Rosenbaum, Edward I. King,
Harry G. Bishop, Malin Craig, Alfred
W. Bjornstad, George V. H. Moseley,
Douglas MacArthur, John H. Sher
burne, N. G.; Lucius D. Durfee, James
J. Hornbrook, Harry A. Huth, John
T. Bradley, Howard R. Hickock, Wil
liam Cruikshank, George H. Shelton,
William D. Connor, Andrew Moses,
Robert C. Davis, Henry J. Hatch, Wil
son B. Burtt, Harold C. Fiske, Cor
nelius Vanderbilt, N. G.; Charles A.
Hedekin, James J. Morrow, George
C. Saffaris, Hanson E. Ely, Charles
W. Kutz, Francis L. J. Parker, Merch
B. Stewart, Albert J. Rowley, John E.
Stephens, Oliver L. Spaulding, Jr.,
Edwin E. Booth, Richard C. Marshall,
Jr., John N. Hodges, Herbert M.
Irvin, quartermaster corps; Jefferson
R. Keen, medical corps.

MILLION DOLLAR FIRM
INCORPORATES IN STATE
SPECIAL CORRESPONDENCE TO MORNING JOURNAL
Santa Fe, June 28.- Another million
dollar corporation was chartered to
day, the sixth for June. It is the El
Cobre Mining company of Silver City,
capitalized at 1,000,000, of which
$2,000 has been subscribed by the in
corporators: Frank W. Vellacott,
Matt Fowler and Myrtle Inger, all of
Silver City.

WILSON

Not everybody buys their
Kodak finishing to us. Why not
you? Hanna & Hanna, Master
Photographers. Twice daily serv
ice. Remember, satisfaction

guaranteed.

Try Our Cash, and Carry, Plan Today
The "Cash and Carry" system cuts down our delivery expenses
and credit losses and the savings realized are turned over to you
on your purchases.
You will find here the choicest of staple and fancy groceries.
Keep your table supplied with the best at a minimum cost by letting
us serve you.
5-lb. can Silver Leaf Lard 85c
Eagle Brand Milk 20c
Mazola Salad and Cooking Oil, pt. 35c, quart 65c
Heinz Pure Cider Vinegar, pt. bottle 25c, qt. bottle 55c
Gold Label Sardines in Mayonnaise, 6 oz. can, 2 for 25c
Blue Sea Tuna Fish, 1-lb. can 30c
Sweet Peas, 2 cans for 25c
Sugar Corn, 2 cans for 25c
No. 2 can Tomatoes, 2 for 25c
Taylor's Pork and Beans 12c
Large jar Beechnut Peanut Butter 30c
Glass Jar Assorted Jelly, 15-oz. jar 30c
All National 20c Cookies 15c
Large Pkg. Hydro Pura 25c
Fels-Naptha Soap, 8 for 42 25c
Fresh Creamery Butter 45c
Guaranteed Fresh Eggs, dozen 40c
California Seedless Grapefruit, 10c. straight, and 3 for 25c
Nice Cantaloupes, 2 sizes 2 for 25c and 3 for 25c
Pie Cherries, pound 7c
Home Dressed Fat Hens, lb. 30c; Broilers, lb. 55c
Also have full assortment finest fresh fruit, vegetables and
cooked meats for your Sunday Outing lunch.

The Fremont
Phone 887.

AUSTRIA MAINTAINS
STRICT CENSORSHIP

BY MORNING JOURNAL SPECIAL LEASED WIRE
Washington, June 28. Censorship
is preventing late information of Aus
tria's labor and food difficulties from
reaching the outer world. An offi
cial dispatch today from Berne, Swit
zerland, said the Austrian newspapers
reaching there contain no mention of
the Hungarian strikes and that not a
single telegram had come from Buda
pest on the subject.
A copy of the newspaper Postl Na
plo of Budapest, dated June 22, how
ever, quoted a speech in parliament by
Deputy Lahn of the Karolyi party,
who stated that on June 30 the num
ber of strikers in Budapest exceeded
60,000. According to Lahn the strike
continues to spread and is supposed
to have reached several provincial
towns.

DUN'S WEEKLY REVIEW.
New York, June 28. Dun's Review
tomorrow will say:
"While business interests have been
quick to adapt themselves to the fre
quent and radical economic changes
of the war period, hesitation and cau
tion not unnaturally prevail in many
quarters, and for-war projects are
being confined within still closer Unit
its. Such a condition has resulted, not
alone from doubts as to future read
justments, but also from a disposition
to await more exact knowledge of
governmental necessities, and the
steadily increasing scarcity of supplies
places lighter restrictions on ordinary
commitments. Where price regula
tions are in prospect and transactions
subject to later revision, as in text
iles, there is a disinclination among
buyers and sellers alike to operate
extensively, even were it possible to
do so, and the removal, for another
three months, of price uncertainties in
iron and steel has not materially stim
ulated regular demands, which have
been brought more completely under
official supervision. There is no
industry or trade of importance, in fact,
that is not now dominated by the gov
ernment and it is no longer a question
of how much may be consummated
without interference with the pressing
federal requirements.

Weekly bank clearings $5,764,993,547

Cured of Indigestion and Constipation.
"I first took Chamberlain's Tablets
about six years ago. At that time I
was greatly troubled with my stomach
and suffered from ills brought on by
constipation. Chamberlain's Tablets
were the first medicine that helped
me in the least. They not only af
forded me quick relief, but by con
tinuing their use for a short time I
was cured of indigestion and my
bowels were restored to regular ac
tion," writes Mrs. G. W. Jackson,
Litchfield, Ill.
Chamberlain's Tablets
Grocery
211 West Central.