TITLE A DEBT on file with W. C. DARBY'S Advertising Agency, 779 Market Street.
1111 ly> the Advocate San Francisco, California, where contracts for advertising on the office
er It *- '
AMADOR LEDGER
RICHARD WEBB ••••• Editor and Proprietor
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
$2.00
One year in advance
One year (if not in advance) $2.50
Six months $1.25
Three months $0.75
One or more copies, each $0.25
Legal advertising—per square of 281 ems—First Insertion $1.00
Subsequent Insertions—per square—each $0.50
FRIDAY JANUARY 21, 1930

THE SUPERIOR JUDGESHIP.

While the election for county officers is still ten months
away, it is well to call the attention of the people of Amador
county to certain activities which are in progress on the
democratic side in regard to the superior judgeship. That
governor Gillett is entitled to much credit in appointing so
able a jurist and thoroughly qualified a man in every respect
as Judge Wood to this position, is the consensus of opinion
throughout the county on the part of those who
are sufficiently acquainted with the facts to form a verdict.
A due regard for the interests of Amador county would -
suggest that his reelection to the position he is so eminently
fitted to fill be unopposed. The situation was reversed two
years ago in regard to this office. The republicans were free
to admit that there was no one on their side as well fitted for
the office as the incumbent — Judge Rust. They did not
dream of appealing to partisan prejudice by placing on their
ticket any one whose qualifications were not up to the
standard. They went beyond the limit of prudence in this
respect by actually placing the democratic nominee on their
ticket. That was an entirely unnecessary surrender of party
policy. But now the situation is reversed. The democrats
have no one within their ranks who can compare in qualifications with the present republican incumbent. The
difference is if anything more striking than that which
existed at the last election. We believe the masses of the
people — without regard to partisanship — will acknowledge this.
But the democrats who endeavor to run things believe otherwise. It is freely reported that a movement is now on foot to boost one or more democratic aspirants for the nomination
for superior judge on that party ticket. Appeals are being
made to class and to prejudice. Everything possible is being
done — seemly or unseemly — to line up forces on this proposition. There will no doubt be a contest for the position
on the democratic side, and the first tussle is directed to
secure the party nomination. But the movement has a
wider significance, and aims to line up forces for the decisive
contest in November, as well as the preliminary skirmish at
the primaries in August. We desire to place the voters on
guard in this respect at this early stage. We have the
utmost confidence in the judgment of Amador citizens
generally. As a rule they are patriots above and beyond
partisans. It only requires that they be informed of the combinations which are attempted to be formed, and the forces
that are trying to line up on this issue, to set the right
thinking classes in solid phalanx in opposition. This article
is written from the standpoint of public interests solely. It
is sufficiently explicit at this juncture. If need be — and future developments demand — we propose to make it much
more explicit.

As the time for political action draws near, the idea gains
ground that the primary election law in practical effect will
be little else than a farce — an expensive farce at that. To do
away with nomination of candidates by boss-ridden conventions was the intent of the law. Will it do that, or have a
tendency to better things in that direction? What is to
prevent the calling of a party convention before the primary,
for the purpose of deciding upon a set of candidates to be
voted for by the party adherents? True, such a convention
would be a mere evasion, but it is more than likely
that it will prove the most feasible and practical plan to
select a party ticket. There is no question, unless flagrant
abuses are resorted to in the methods called for or holding the
convention, that the choice of candidates therein made would
be ratified at the legal primary.

In this aspect of the case this law, which was heralded as
a great step in the purification of politics, will prove a
detriment, rather than a benefit. The cost to the individual
candidate is greatly increased, and the cost to public treasury
as well, inasmuch as the expense of advertising and printing
of ballots falls upon the county treasury.

Editorial Column

The Kind You Have Always Bought, and which has been
in use for over 30 years, has borne the signature of
and has been made under his personal supervision since its infancy.
Allow no one to deceive you in this.
All Counterfeits, Imitations and "Just-as-good" are but
Experiments that trifle with, and endanger the health of
Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving a healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
Bears the Signature of
The Kind You Have Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THE CONTINENTAL COMMUNITY, 111 MULBERRY STREET, NEW YORK CITY.

WINTER TRAVEL.
A comfort and delight via the
Southern Pacific.
Between San Francisco and New Orleans by way of
Los Angeles and El Paso.
Oil burning locomotives—No soot—no cinders
Over the road of a thousand wonders.
One hundred mile ride along the ocean shores of
the Pacific. Through Southern California Orange
Groves—Rice, cotton and sugar fields of Texas and
Louisiana, Picturesque bayous—the Teche—Land of
Evangeline.
Through drawing-room sleepers—berths—sections—draw-
ing-rooms—Dining, parlor, and observation car service.
Steam heated and electric lighted throughout.
Through tourist car service, to New Orleans, Washington, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Chicago.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Ticket Offices
Flood Building Market Street Ferry Depot.
Third and Townsend Sts. Depot.
Broadway and Thirteenth Sts., Oakland.

General Merchandise |
Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes,
Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining Supplies, Lumber, Hardware. Hay, Grain, etc., etc.
Corner Alain and Water St.
JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA

THE SKIPPER'S WHITE LIE.

What Happened at Night and What
the Passenger Was Told.

It was a dirty business to use a sailor's
phrase, and the talk in one corner of
the smoking room drifted to events at
sea and the childlike faith that passengers
repose in navigators.

Said the scientist who had been collecting
specimens on a coral reef:

"I've often heard men and women
say they felt so safe with Captain So
and-So, and I've wondered, sometimes, whether their sense of security would still
be retained if these favored travelers,
knew exactly what happened on ship
board during a voyage. For my own
part, I have more confidence than ever
in a captain of my acquaintance since
I learned that he could tell a white lie
when it was necessary to calm the
fears of a nervous traveler. It so happened that one foggy night I was
awakened by the sudden stopping and
reversal of the engines. I jumped out
of my bunk, went on deck and was
told by the second officer that we had
had a narrow squeeze. It appeared
that we had nearly run down a schooner as she silently crossed our bows and
disappeared into the haze.

"Next morning a woman passenger
who sat at the captain's table asked
him whether the engines had been
stopped and reversed, and he replied:
'Yes: we sometimes do this to test the
engineer's watch and see if our machinery is in proper order. We do it
at night so as to create no excitement.'
Then he got the woman to describe
what she had heard and asked her,
'Did you find much time between the
stopping and reversing?'

'So,' she replied.

'Then,' said the skipper, 'that showed how well everything was working,
did it not?'

"When I got the skipper's ear I told
him confidentially that I didn't think
the schooner's engines had worked as
well as ours, and he remarked that it
might have been worse. Whether he
meant the lie or the incident I didn't
inquire, but I suspect it wasn't the lie."—New York Post

LAW OF GRAVITY VIOLATED.

Conditions Under Which Water Ac-
tually Flows Upward.

"Water seeks its level" is an ex-
pression heard so frequently as to be
almost trite, and yet the law has its
exceptions. There are conditions under which water actually flows up-
ward and rises above its source. If a
glass tube be dipped into water the
column inside will be above the level
of the surrounding surface. Moreover,
if a tube of half the diameter be similarly
substituted the column doubles its height.
The water creeps along the inside of
the tube, owing to the adhesion, and
forms a cup-shaped depression at the
top.

An explanation is not difficult. It
can be proved mathematically that if
the diameter of a circle be diminished
one-half the circumference is also re-
duced to that extent, while the area is
one-fourth of its former value. The
circumference of the column of water
becomes reduced one-half, its contact
with the glass, and hence the adhesive
force, is also diminished to that extent,
while the cross section, and hence the
weight, is decreased to one-fourth of
what it was before. Therefore the second column can be twice the height of
the first without exceeding the lifting
power.

Remarkable as the underlying principles of this phenomenon undoubtedly
are, nature made use of them long before man made their discovery. Every
tree and flower adds its testimony;
The core of a tree or plant, instead of
being a single open channel, consists
of a sponge-like substance containing
many minute tunnels, through
which the sap and moisture collected
by the roots flow upward in small riv-
ulets, rising higher and higher in
sheer defiance of the great law of
gravity.— St. Louis Republic.

Sense of Danger.

Dr. Waldo of London holds that people should develop a sixth sense to
inform them of the approach of danger
in the streets. Lucidlo Hernandez
once said: "While in a crowd I seldom
look at faces. My intuition is almost
infallible, like that blind faculty by
which in absolute darkness one becomes aware
of the proximity of bulky
objects without touching them. If I
hesitate to obey it a collision is the
inevitable consequence. What pilots
one quickly and safely through a thick
press is not conscious observation at
all, but unconscious, intuitive perception."

A Gift Worth Paying For

The cob, drawn by a weary-looking
horse, came to a standstill opposite a
public house. As the driver was preparing to descend a small boy ran up
with, "Old 'orse, guv'nor?"
"Old my 'orse? Look here, my lad.
Ah'll drive you both if it's any use."—
Manchester Guardian.

His Contribution

"Have you ever done anything for
the public of the community?" asked
the solicitous citizen.
"Yes," replied the weary wayfarer;
"I've just done it thirty times."—Philadelphia Record.

This Very Last

"Next car.
"Yes."
"Is it the intent then in cars?"
"I cut it so it never set me
anywhere near you in my life." - Houston Post.

Hairpin's Soliloquy.

Man (shouting before the turned
man in the museum) — Heaven, how
frightful must a fellow mutter if he ever gets
hooked in!—Sunset Set.

OFFICIAL MAP
of
Amador County
showing township and school district boundaries, ownership of all lands according
to the assessor's roll of 1929, mineral
claims, location of all school-
houses; also a township map of principal towns, namely Jackson, Butter
Creek, Crock, Ione, Altaville City, Drytown,
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 6 by 3½ feet
Price, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted $5
AMADOR LEDGER OFFICE
Sunset Ave 1771 Capital St
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods,
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty
1012-10th St Sacramento
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Recently and renovated throughout.
Tient of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable.
Board and Lodging
AT REASONABLE RATES.
9 Sample Rooms for Commercial Travelers.
All Stages stop at this hotel.
JACKSON ....CAL.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Distillers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic
Wines, Liquors, and Gins
JACKSON CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J.K.MAK-
tell Cognac, Martel & Cordon, Willie Sen 1
and Privilege (giving) Champagne, Mor-
pun Whiskey, Puerto Rico Rum, Si-
garrillos: Royal White
Cigars, Porto, and White Havana Cigars,
Imported Fine Fruits,
Dortmunder and Pilsener Beers, Canadian
Club Whiskey, Irish Whiskey, Lim-
burger, Wallemulle, Alturlo, Cordon: Jol-
ly's Reserve, 7-good, Cordon Bleu, old; (iilku
Kirschwasser, from J. A. Kirsch, Derllu: Jarthlofniuy
Distillery Company. Buchkier, N. V., Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogdteund lager of Julumosii,
fresh and full of life (guaranteed by Bud iros.,
Ljii\iClov): Canirell *-. f.'cchi »d«. Helfast, Gtnirer
A in; MbgK-a Urntily; Ktfiuiqorted American
Whiskies.
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAIN
Plymouth. Cal.
Has on hand a full line of Harness
and Harness Fixtures, Saddles,
Whips and Robes. Buckles
and Cartilage tops made
Also has on hand a line of
that well known and thoroughly tried ISAKEK &
HAMILTON buggies.