■NOTICED at The Ledger as booked-class matter.
TWENTY PAID >« Kept on file at R. O. DAKERS Advertising Agency, 779 Market street
MID LIVER Baa Francisco, California, where contracts for advertising can be made.
ADVERTISING LEDGER
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEBB ..........Editor and Proprietor
One year (if not in advance) $3.00
Six months ................. 1.50
Three months .............. 0.75
One or more copies, each ...... 0.10
Legal advertising-per square of 234 ems-first Insertion $1.00
Subsequent Insertions—per square—each ...... 0.50
FRIDAY MARCH 11, 1910

OUR ALIEN POPULATION.

The large proportion of foreign-born and non-English
speaking population in the United States is a matter of in
creasing concern to those who have the best interests of the
country at heart. The evil afflicts not merely some particular
section or state, but the entire Union. Go where you may
over the vast domain of Uncle Sam and you are brought face
to face with a foreign element speaking a strange tongue. It
is present on the farms and in the orchards, in the mines,
and factories, in the marts of trade — in fact, in every depart
ment of human industry. On the Pacific coast the Chinese,
Japs, and latterly the Hindus are the chief bone of contention
in this respect. It is easy to assert that the remedy is in the
hands of employers, and that the blame rests mainly upon
the latter for employing them. Such talk is puerile and not
to the point. It is unquestionably true that the undesirable
element would not come to America in the absence of the
prospect of remunerative employment. But it must be
remembered that our laws invite them to come. They are
here under the sanction of our laws, and that implies the
right to live here and compete with native labor. To ad
vocate a universal boycott against this class, or any
particular portion of the foreign population, by refusing to
employ them under any circumstances, would be revolting —
a national crime. The proposed remedy would be infinitely
worse than the disease. It would involve wholesale starvation,
and the paralysis of our industries. We are not now
discussing the proposition of whether the employment of
alien labor of the class referred to is absolutely necessary;
but we do contend that national honor demands that free
laborers who are here, regardless of nativity, are entitled to
a square deal in the disposal of their labor, whether skilled
or unskilled.
It is not surprising that alien laborers are becoming more
of a disturbing element in our industrial economy with every
passing year. The tide of emigration is rolling in from the
congested countries of Europe at the rate of over a million a
year. And they are mostly able-bodied men, who are at
tracted by the hope of commanding far better wages for their
labor than they could obtain in their native lands. This
represents fully two per cent addition to the ranks of wage
earners every year. It is amazing that the country is able to
take care of such a tremendous influx of laborers year after
year. Such a tide of humanity in quest of employment was
never before known in the world's history.
The government imposes a head tax upon all foreigners
entering the United States, together with other restrictions,
requiring for example that the immigrant shall be in such
physical and mental condition that he is not likely to become
a public charge, also that he does not belong to the criminal
class. Of recent years the law requires an educational
qualification of applicants for naturalization. It seems to us
that if Congress were to enact a law requiring all persons
entering the United States to be able to read the constitution
in the English language, and also to be able to converse
in English, it would be a wise provision, and tend to
correct existing evils. In a few years the babel of tongues
which we now hear in every city and hamlet would cease,
and a marked improvement in social conditions would take
place. We would have a desirable and intelligent class of
newcomers, and the flow would no doubt be commensurate
with the demand for labor.

Philadelphia is in the throes of one of the biggest street
car strikes in the history of the country. Failing to secure
terms which involved a recognition of their union, the car
men struck. The traction company refused to be coerced, so
a sympathetic strike of all labor union men in the city, ex
cept such as were employed in producing the necessaries of
life, was called, and all those answered the strike call, over
100,000 men would have walked out. The strike leaders
contend that the strikers actually number six figures, but
the city authorities dispute the claim. However, it is an
appalling labor trouble, and has paralyzed business in the
city of brotherly love for the time being. Both sides are
determined to fight it out to a finish.

Editorial Column

For Infants and Children.
ASTORIA The one You Have
MOTHER'S OINTMENT
|?J|UJ ii|| ■ ALCOHOL 3 PER CENT. ft
pqfltl' ,¥' . Available Preparation for As- -r> .-i . m
Bill Hr similaiingihcFbofJandßcdula JJGEirS LJI6 w+s \
L^AJj'Ni : tins Hie S (omachs and Bowels of . Jr xi IVI
©I |iiisß3s^^j[jTjng Signature / J\m
fll! a- Promotes Digestion Occasional rJt #(\Atr
|B|| I ness and Rest Contains no citrar v f' #l\ lr
BflSg 1 o|)iuiu.Morphinc norMiaeral. ftLM \j
jsjj; it I Not Narcotic i « JvTk
EJ[ I: MpttfouikSMxirmmi « llf I
pwl juaM IHtamnnkSfia* I ill JLr ft
Wb2£|- IHnaSf/d- I ; la*. ST ™ II
Hi|| bbsmiHwb i I /AT 4/ » USu
IBS- A perfect remedy for Constipation. I 1«K
KsSfcV Hon. Sour Stomach, Diarrhea I |fc/ P^ M fl«.^ M
KSn* 1 ' Worms, Convulsions, Feverish- lit Ull illfPl
IHs' F ness and Loss of Sleep. W lUI WIUI
ihlfej Thirty Years
ni fiil« #■ ■ I FHBB^^Ti^ii^m]m\l.^^K3J^Jo6H jfßP^ fiS BEK9 4fibk ETwV R It?
Exact Copy of Wrapper. THE COMPANY, NEW YORK CITY.
WINTER TRAVEL.
A comfort and delight via the
Southern Pacific
Between San Francisco and New Orleans by way of I
Los Angeles and El Paso. |
Oil burning locomotives-No soot-no cinders i
Over the road of a thousand wonders. |
One hundred mile ride along the ocean shores of |
the Pacific. Through Southern California Orange |
Groves-Rice, cotton and sugar fields of Texas and |
Louisiana, Picturesque bayous-the Teche-Land of i
Evangeline. |
Through drawing-room sleepers-berths-sections-draw- |
ing-rooms-Dining, parlor, and observation car service, i
Steam heated and electric lighted throughout. I
Through tourist car service, to New Orleans, Wash- j|
ington, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Chicago. |
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Ticket Offices a
Flood Building Market Street Ferry Depot. I
Third and Townsend Sts. Depot. |
Broadway and Thirteenth Sts., Oakland. |
DEALERS IN • wfc^*' vgj
General Merchandise j
Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, Qg
W «X Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining &t
P SK Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, m
Grain, etc., etc.
Corner Main and Water St. 0
JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA |

GLOBE SIGHTS

There are many ways of being ho ac
count.

It is a great blessing to be able to pay
your debts.

Do men who have cork legs go to bed
with them on?

Whether drunk or sober, some men
are naturally born nuisances.

It is as difficult to transplant people
as it is to transplant trees.

An Atchison girl is so homely that
she does not think she is pretty herself.

A busy man is not busy with his own
work: his principal task is getting rid
of bores.

One trouble with a drunk man is that
he insists on advertising more than he

The easiest thing in the world is to
make a $50 promise that is to be filled
in the indefinite future. ;

A mother who isn't willing to be im
posed upon by her children will be
talked about by the neighbors.

When a boy expresses willingness to
climb a tree to pick cherries, they are
not for his mother to put up.

There are some men so foolish it
makes them feel rich to count up the
amounts they have spent in the past.

How you live in the winter plays a
more important part than sassafras tea
in determining your health in the

We wish we were a young girl who
has just returned from school: We saw
one yesterday, and four girls had their
arms around her.

In this intellectual world, you may
have observed that college advertise
ments have more to say about the gym
nasium than the library.

Note of progression: It is still per
fectly proper to borrow sugar when com
pany comes, but it is no longer proper
to borrow the bowl.

When a woman goes to call upon an
other woman, the latter thinks she is
bound, by courtesy, to tell her visitor
some gossip before she leaves.

These days it seems to be more im
portant to have an old mahogany table
that belonged to a grandmother than to
have had the grandmother.

If all the inventive genius wasted on
excuses were exerted along more practi
cal lines, an extension would have to be
built on the patent office.

We have a great curiosity to see a
certain Atchison girl's true complexion:
we would like to take a look at her
some time after she washes her face. ;

It frequently happens that father and
mother have better health than the
children, because they have no time for
sickness or any other recreation.

If there is anything that disgusts the
people more than the spectacle of a girl
chasing a man it is the fact that the man
does not object to being chased.

We would like to bet that if ever
Damon and Pythias had married, and
moved into the same block, something
would have happened to wreck their
friendship.

Clothesline etiquette: In airing an
Oriental rug, it is proper to put up the
clothesline in the front yard, but it is
in better taste to air a rag carpet in the
rear.

No woman past forty should own a
chafing dish; Any one that age who
doesn't know that a coal or cob fire is
more fitting, isn't fit to be trusted with
cooking.

In real shiftless families it is possible
to hear clear and convincing arguments
why, since brooms have gone up to 50
cents, it is cheaper to buy a vacuum
cleaner.

There is this to be said for the man
who behaves like a cold wave: he
doesn't interfere with your work as
much as the one who thinks he has a
monopoly in scattering sunshine.

Every time a woman groans in the
night, there comes with the groan the
pleasing proof that there is nothing in
her husband's theory he is a light
sleeper; at least, he doesn't wake up.

When a wife announces to her
husband that she has made an engage
ment for him that evening, he groans in
despair. Then, with a glimmer of
hope, he asks, "Do I have to dress
up?"

Some day a philanthropic rich man
will get revenge by leaving his fortune
to the lawyers, so his kin can have the
satisfaction of watching them waste it
in fighting among themselves.

Deafness Cannot be Cared

by local applications as they cannot
reach the diseased portion of the ear
There is only one way to cure deafness
and that is by constitutional remedies.
Deafness is caused by an inflamed con
dition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian
Tube. When this tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or
imperfect hearing, and when it is en
tirely closed, deafness is the result,
and unless the inflammation can be
taken out and this tube restored to its
normal condition, hearing will be de
stroyed forever; nine cases out of ten
are caused by Catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the
mucous membranes.

We will give One Hundred Dollars
for any case of Deafness (caused by ca
tarrh) that cannot be cured by Hall's
Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.
P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggists, 750.
Hall's Family Pills are the best

OFFICIAL MAP
— OF —
Amador County
Surveys by D. C. CAUTTON, showing
township and school district bound,
aries, ownership of all lands according
to assessment roll of 1904, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school-
houses; also a town map of principal towns, namely Jackson, Sutter-
Creek, Ione, Amador City, Drytown,
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 6 by 3½ feet
Price, colored & mounted $10-
Plain and unmounted • $5
Sold only at
AMADOR LEDGER OFFICE
Sunset Valley 1771 Capital 63.1
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtaining
A Specialty.
1012-10th St., Sacramento
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial-
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable.
Globe Hotel!
NEW MANAGEMENT.
W. O. GREEN & SON....PropY
Board and Lodging
AT REASONABLE RATES.
Sample Rooms for Commercial Travelers.
All Stages stop at this hotel.
JACKSON CAL.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic
Wines, Liquors, and Cigars
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac, Moet & Chandon, White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros.
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries: Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines: Dubos Freres,
Bordeaux, Claret and Sauternes; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Son*, Lim-
ited. Walkerville, Ontario Canada: John de
Kuyper & Zoon, Rotterdam, Gin; Gillia Kuem-
mel, from J. A. Gilka. Berlin; Hartbloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. Y., Knicker.
bocker Beer; Dogshod Brand of Dublin Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Road Brim.,
London): Cantrell & Cochrane, Helifast, Irish
Ale; Naglee Brandy; Imported American
Whiskies.
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAN
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full line of Harness
and Harness Fixtures, Saddles.
Bridles and Robes. Upholstery
and Carriage tops made
to order.
Also has on hand a line of
that well known and thor-
oughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.