SUBSCRIPTION RATES
One year (In advance) $6.00
One year (if not in advance) 7.00
Three months 1.50
One or more copies, each 1.00
Legal advertisements per square of 5-Mems-Krat Insertion 10 cents
Consecutive Insertions—per square each 5 cents
MAIL AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
TUTOR PAID is kept on file at R. O. DAKE'S Advertising Agency, 770 Market Street
1100 Market St., San Francisco, California, where contracts for advertising can be made
or it.

AMADOR LEDGER
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEBB, Editor and Proprietor
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1909

Editorial Column.

A POLITICAL SIDESHOW.

The Lincoln-Roosevelt league, claiming to be the simon
pure reform element of the republican party, has at this
early stage of the political campaign, announced its intention
of placing a full state ticket before the voters, and has taken
initial steps toward that end. What good they expect to ac
complish by such action it is difficult to understand. They
state their object to be to emphasize their antagonism to
machine politics, which simply means a re
bellion against the control of the party by the majority wing
— a protest against the vital principle that the majority shall
rule. It is a fresh exemplification of the rule or ruin spirit.
It says in effect, if we cannot name the candidates on the
regular republican ticket, we can at least name a separate
ticket under the high-sounding title of the "Lincoln-Roose
velt League," and thereby aid the democrats. The Ledger
has no fault to find with any well-directed efforts to work re
form in political parties. It must be acknowledged also that
there is a wide scope for reform in the methods of all
parties. We have always opposed the bartering and trading
of votes in party conventions, and the appointing of delegates
in the interest of individual candidates favored by self-con
stituted bosses. There can be no well-grounded objection to
proper efforts to prevent the organization being dominated by
professional politicians, who are unscrupulous as to their
methods so long as the desired end is attained. But how an
independent organization — a secession of republican voters —
is going to help matters we certainly fail to see. We are in
clined to think there is just as much self-interest behind the
Lincoln Roosevelt movement as there is in the ranks of the
regular republicans. The direct primary law was passed for
the purpose of correcting the evils of bossism, and many of
these who are in the Lincoln-Roosevelt league were loud in
their advocacy of that law. And yet, before giving this law a
fair test, they are now leading in a movement that must
tend to weaken the republican party. We do not believe
many republicans are going to be led away by this ill-advised
movement.

One of the best signs of political reform is the growing de
mand for broad-minded legislation looking to the benefit of
the entire state. Usually a lawmaker goes to Sacramento
with the thought uppermost in his mind that he must do all
he can for the benefit of the particular district he represents.
His success as a representative will be gauged by the amount
of money he can get from the state treasury to be spent
within the boundary lines of his district. It matters little
whether there is a just demand for this money expenditure
or not. If he fails to get the appropriations clamored for, he
is voted a poor lawmaker, no matter how ably he may con
tend for the interests of the state at large. It is owing mainly
to this false idea of the efficiency of a state senator or as
semblyman that state expenses have piled up so fearfully of
late years. When it comes right down to local affairs, the
taxpayers clamor for economy, because that means a saving
in dollars and cents to them. But when it concerns dipping
into the state treasury, that is an entirely different question,
and if extravagance in the shape of reckless expenditures is
directed toward their locality as the beneficiare it is all right,
and the legislator who succeeds in getting the biggest appro
priations is hailed as the right man for the place. People
seldom stop to consider the demoralizing tendency of this
selfish spirit. Every legislator becomes imbued with the
idea of serving his district first, and leaving the state at large
to look out for itself. For state institutions within the con
fines of his district he asks for appropriations far larger than
he expects to get, knowing that the governor, in the exercise
of the veto power for the protection of the state at large, will
prune down the appropriations as much as possible. Under
such conditions it is next to impossible to have other than ex
travagance in state affairs.

A GOOD SIGN.

The Kind You Have Always Bought, and which has been
in use for over 30 years, has borne the signature of
— and has been made under his per-
sonal supervision since its infancy.
**Allow no one to deceive you in this.
All Counterfeits, Imitations and 'Just-as-good' are but
Experiments that trifle with, and endanger the health of
Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach, and Bowels, giving a healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
Bears the Signature of -
The Kind You Have Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THE CENTAUR COMPANY, 11 MURRAY ST., NEW YORK CITY.

WINTER TRAVEL.
A comfort and delight via the
SUNSET ROUTE
Between San Francisco and New Orleans by way of
Los Angeles and El Paso.
Oil burning locomotives—no smoke—no cinders,
Over the road of a thousand wonders.
One hundred mile ride along the ocean shores of
the Pacific. Through Southern California Orange
Groves—Rice, cotton and sugar fields of Texas and
Louisiana, Picturesque bayous—the Teche—Land of
Evangeline.
Through drawing-room sleepers—berths—sections—draw-
ing-rooms—Dining, parlor, and observation car service.
Steam heated and electric lighted throughout.
Through tourist car service, to New Orleans, Wash-
ington, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Chicago.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.

Ticket Offices
Flood Building Market Street Ferry Depot.
Third and Townsend Sts. Depot.
Broadway and Thirteenth Sts., Oakland.
GINOCCHIO BROS.
DEALERS IN
General Merchandise
Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes,
Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining
Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay,
Grain, etc., etc.
Corner Main and Water St.
JACKSON, CALIFORNIA

GLOBE SIGHTS

Nations go astray; but citizens must
No philosophy is equal to common
People don't go crazy, cranks drive
If it is easy to get rid of a habit, it is
not a serious one.
The older a man becomes, the more
hills he is compelled to climb.
The past is referred to as being dead;
but it is terribly alive.
It is age that makes a man look old;
in a woman's case, it is trouble.
Some people have nothing to sell ex
cept promises they cannot make good.
Every poor man is ready to make fun
of a rich man, or borrow money of him.
For every dollar a man catches, three
or four others nibble at his bait, and
get away.
Look at any man's clothes, and you
will find from seven to seventy-five
spots that should be removed.
What has come of the old-fashioned
man who thought it smart to swear in
the presence of a preacher?
The cigarette and the wolf are abused
a good deal, but neither is threatened
with extermination.
It is a contest these days over which
will contain more different articles the
top bureau drawer, or the salad.
We have noticed that the sort of man
known as an Iconoclast is pretty apt to
finally get into serious trouble.
When a boy wears a pair of new
shoes without protest, it is an indication
that he is going away on the cars.
The girl who works hardest in de
corating the church can usually be de
pended on to be a poor worker at home.
Hatred takes time, and energy, and
health. And the dividends on the in
vestment are pitifully small and unsatis
factory.
If there is anything in the world that
will please a woman almost to death, it
is to say of her that she is "inimitable."
There is a woman in Atchison who
complains of illness so much she makes
other neighbors think of a ward in a
hospital.
Apply to any woman a word of which
she doesn't know the meaning, and she
will smile, and thank you for the com
pliment.
There is one time, at least, when
stinginess is admired; the stinginess of
the girl on the program who refuses
to respond to encores.
There are so many unpleasant experi
ences in the world that you needn't tell
yours on the theory that you have a
monopoly.
Say a home is beautiful, and the
women present will intimate that it is
due more to the wife's taste than to the
husband's money.
If you pay attention to a baby and it
acts cross and mean, the mother is
pretty apt to say: "Baby does not feel
good; he has not had his nap."
You may imagine people give you
the worst of it, but, if your stomach
could talk, you would be abused a good
deal more than you are. In the average
magazine, we usually find something
to interest us, but, outside of the news,
we cannot say as much for the average
Sunday paper.
If you want to see a man who is really
money mad, hunt up one who has been
unsuccessful for a good many years, and
then begins to make money late in life.
After a girl has worked in a boarding
house two days she begins to handle the
dishes with as little respect as a suffra
gette handles men in her conversation.
When a man dies suddenly you hear
dozens of men say that when their time
comes they hope to die that way. Men
dread a lingering illness, pain, and
grumbling kin.
We know a certain man who is bright,
and we hang around him a good deal
because of the original things he says.
But we have noticed lately that he is
beginning to repeat his smart sayings.
It will come to pass one of these days
when a woman shows her work-hardened
hands as a proof that her husband was
not always considerate of her that he
will exhibit his fingers torn and bleed
ing from trying to fasten her waist up
the back, as proof that she was not al
ways kind to him.
A man paid another a compliment
yesterday. "If you are sincere," said
the man complimented, "I am obliged
to you, but if you made the remark to be
polite, I don't care for it. In fact I dis
like that sort of thing. I don't want
anyone to make me believe a creditable
thing about myself that isn't true."
The first month that a man's enlarged
picture is hung on the wall, he finds
himself being constantly drawn toward
it until the carpet in front of it begins
to look like that in front of a girl's
mirror. After he is dead his wife looks
at it often; then she quits looking, and,
in a year or two, she begins looking
again, this time in a speculative way:
She is wondering if the neighbors will
notice if she takes it down.
DeWitt's Kidney and Bladder Pills
are unequaled in cases of weak back,
backache, inflammation of the bladder,
rheumatic pain, and all urinary disorders
They are antiseptic and act promptly.
Every case of kidney or bladder trouble
should be attended to at once, and the
aches in the back, rheumatic pains,
urinary disorders, etc., are warning
signs. Don't delay, for delays are
dangerous. Get DeWitt's Kidney and
Bladder Pills. Regular size 50 cents. Sold
by City Pharmacy, F. W. Ruhser.

OFFICIAL MAP
"Amador County
Surveys by D. C. CARTER, showing
township and school district bound-
aries, ownership of all lands according to
the assessor's roll of 1904, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school
houses; also a township map of princi-
pal towns, namely Jackson, Sutter
Creek, Ione, Amador City, Drytown,
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 6 by 3½ feet
Price, colored & mounted $16
Plain and unmounted $5
Sold only at
AMADOR LEDGER OFFICE
Sunset Vale 1771 Capital 633
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
1012-10th St. Sacramento
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO. CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable.
Globe Hotel
NEW MANAGEMENT.
MRS. ANNIE HURST, Prop'r
Board and Lodging
AT REASONABLE RATES.
Sample Rooms for Commercial Travelers.
All Stages stop at this hotel.
JACKSON, CAL.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic
Wines, Liquors, Cigars
JACKSON, CAL.
DISTRIBUTION AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac, Moet & Chandon, White Seal
and Private Cuvée Champagne; Moreland Bros.
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries; Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubonnet Kress,
Jundiz, Chartreuse, Cointreau; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited, Walkerville, Ontario, Canada; John de-
Kuyper & Zoon, Cotterdam, Sin; Gillia Kuem-
mel, from J. A. Gillia, Burlln; Hurthloening-
Urewory Company, Rochester, N. Y., Knicker
bocker Beer; LtoKnhuad Brand of Guinness,
Koni and Bass Ale (bottled by Reid Bros.,
London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Halifax, Guiner
Ale; Nagle's Brandy; Kelmoorted American
Whiskies.
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS SHOP
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full line of Harness
and Harness Fixtures, Saddles,
Hides and Robes. Huge
and Carriage tops made
to order.
Also has on hand a line of
that well known and thor-
oughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.