CITTED At THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
THE PA PEr on the Xt *•• '"■■ I'ARKER Advertising Agency, 779 Market Street, San Francisco, California, where contracts for advertising can be made

AMADOR LEDGER
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEBB Editor and Proprietor
SUBSCRIPTION RATES
One year (in advance) ................................. $2.00
One year (if not in advance) $3.00
Six months $1.50
Three months $0.80
One or more copies each $0.05
Legal advertising— per square of 21 ems— first insertion $1.00
Subsequent Insertions— per square each $0.10

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1910

Editorial Column

THE FLOOD DISASTER AT PARIS.

Paris, conceded to be the most beautiful city in the world,
has suffered an unparalleled disaster from the flood waters
of the Seine. While the loss of life has been comparatively
slight, the property loss is estimated as high as five hundred
million dollars, which is beyond the loss by the San Francisco
earthquake and fire of 1906. It is more than likely
that the damage has been over-estimated, but there can be no
question that the calamity is one of the most appalling that
has overtaken any city in the world's history. And the loss
falls on the people of Paris exclusively. There is no
insurance money to partially lessen the force of the blow,
which proved a material aid in the restoration of San Francisco.
While the unparalleled rainfall preceding the flood
would undoubtedly have entailed a heavy loss under any
circumstances, it is probable that the encroachments upon
the channel of the river and the efforts to confine the waters
within its banks, were important factors in the disaster.
Nature's forces will defy, sooner or later, all the puny
efforts of man to control them. The gay city of Paris —
the pride of the French and the admiration of the civilized
world— will speedily recover from this visitation.

Mayor McCarthy of San Francisco is determined to be the
whole thing in the conduct of the government of that city for
the next two years. He has demanded the resignation of all
the holdover appointees under the Taylor regime. If they
fail to retire at his invitation, he threatens to throw them out
by the exercise of the arbitrary power conferred upon the
mayor by the charter. Most of the commissioners and other
appointive officers will comply with his demand, but a few
will test the matter in the courts. It is unreasonable to
assume that the charter intended to make the mayor the
autocrat that McCarthy would like to be. His plea that he
wants men of his own selection, and who are in sympathy
with his ideas and plans, to assist him in administering the
city's affairs, will not be allowed to pass unchallenged. The
mayor has undoubtedly the authority to remove certain
officials for cause. But the question is whether the mayor
can remove for merely political reasons, and without just
cause. Certainly the high-handed methods of the new
mayor have stirred up much commotion and resentment,
which indicate stormy times ahead.

Governor Gillett has announced that he will not be a
candidate for renomination for governor. He is out of the
race. He has made an excellent governor, one of the best —
some journals declare the very best — California has had in
its history as a state. His withdrawal will have the effect of

starting a crop of candidates. He could probably have won
the nomination had he remained in the contest, but not
without a struggle. The candidacy of secretary of state
Curry for the gubernatorial prize has been helped by Gillett's
withdrawal. He would have proved a strong candidate any
way, but with Gillett out of the race, it is expected that he
will prove an easy victor for the honor of heading the
republican ticket in the coming election. His record as
secretary of state is above reproach, and he would unquestionably
acquit himself equally well at the head of the
state government.

Walter Wagner of San Bernardino county, is announced
as a candidate for the republican nomination for secretary of
state, to succeed Curry, who is out for the governorship.
Wagner is at present secretary of the state railroad commission.
He is strongly backed for the state secretaryship by
the press of his own county.

Senator Camiuetti has been seriously mentioned for
governor by the Dispatch. Coming from the mouthpiece of
democracy in his own county, many are inclined to believe that
he is really after the nomination.

The Kind You Have Always Bought, and which has been
in use for over 30 years, has the signature of
y — and has been made under his per-
sonal supervision since its infancy.
Allow no one to deceive you in this.
All Counterfeits, Imitations and "Just-as-good" are but
Experiments that do not work and endanger the health of
Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
Bears the Signature of
The Kind You Have Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THE CENTAUR COMPANY, 11 MURRAY STREET, NEW YORK CITY.

WIN THE WEST
A comfort and delight via the
Between San Francisco and New Orleans by way of
Los Angeles and El Paso.
Oil burning locomotives—No soot—no cinders,
Over the road of a thousand wonders.
One hundred mile ride alone; the ocean shores of
the Pacific. Through Southern California—Orange
Groves—Rice, cotton and sugar fields of Texas and
Louisiana, Picturesque bayous—the Teche—Land of
Evergreen;
Through drawing-room sleepers—berths—sections—draw-
ing-rooms—Dining, parlor, and observation car service.
Steam heated and electric lighted throughout,
Through tourist car service, to New Orleans, Wash-
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Ticket Offices
Flood Building Market Street Ferry Depot.
At Third and Townsend Sts. Depot.
Broadway and Thirteenth Sts., Oakland.

GENERAL MERCHANDISE
Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes,
Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining Supplies, Lumber, Hardware. Hay,
Grain, etc., etc.
Corner Main and Water St.
JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA

LUCKY IMITATION.

An Experience With the Russian
Autocrat Marshal Gourko.

Marshal Gourko, the famous Russian
general, was a terrible autocrat, on
one occasion (my) impersonator of celebrated men was performing at a theater in Odessa. One evening he received a mysterious message, which read,
"Study General Gourko." Unsaid
it is better not to inquire into matters
that one does not understand, and so
the artist spent an hour in privately
impersonating the autocratic Russian.

Just as the evening performance was
about to commence an order of arrest
signed by Gourko was presented to the
impersonator, and without explanation
he was led through the streets to the
marshal's palace and into his apartment where the terrible man was seated. "They tell me that you impersonate celebrated men." he roared.
"Impersonate me!"

Giving a hasty look at Gourko, the
performer turned to the mirror to
"make up." It was an anxious time,
for if the marshal should take exception to the representation he had unlimited power to inflict punishment.
The impersonator dragged himself together and turned to the marshal a copy of his own face and overbearing
manner. Gourko burst into a roar of
laughter, and the dangerous moment
was over.

EELS IN JAPAN.

The Restaurant Cook Catches All the
Fish the Patron Selects.

Entertaining in Japan; rest in a
guest who wishes to dine on eels and rice
is led to a tank of wriggling fresh
water eels and hidden to point out the
object of his preference, says a writer
in the Delineator. The cook, who
stands by, selects the willing victim
of his choice, strikes its head smartly
upon a wooden block and, squatting
by it, grasps the creature's neck. In
serts a knife in the left side of the
vertebrae and dexterously runs it down
to the tail, then, rapidly applying his
instrument to the other side of the
backbone, repeats the process, leaving
the eel split open.

Then, chopping the battered eel into
three-inch lengths, the pieces are
plunged into boiling water to make the
skin tender, long bamboo splints used
as skewers are thrust through them,
and they are then placed on rods over
glowing charcoal and broiled brown.
The pieces plunged from time to time into
a vessel that contains old soy of the
color and consistency of molasses.
These preparations concluded, the
steaming eels again are drained and
placed in red lacquer boxes with rice
and set before the customer.

The Phonograph.

One need not be afraid of operating
a machine too constantly, as there is
little danger of wearing it out, and
the motor will give better service
when used frequently than when allowed to stand unused. In all cases
avoid winding the spring too tightly.
Stop when it offers strong resistance.
In many cases it is specifically stated
that the needles should not be used
more than once, and these directions
should be observed. Not to follow
them means almost certain damage
to the records. The machine should
be kept well oiled; otherwise its motion will become sluggish. Sewing
machine oil may be used for that purpose. The records should be kept free
from dust, as dirt clogs the sound
wave grooves and tends to give a
scratchy sound to the reproduction. A
good record cleaner may be made by
gluing a small piece of velvet carpet
to a wooden block. Such a cleaner always should be used on dusty records
before they are placed on the machine.
—Suburban Life.

A Dismal World.

"Why are you sad, my dear? You
ought to be supremely happy. Here,
I've just inherited a fortune, and everything looks rosy. I can't understand why at such a time as this you
should look so dismal. What is it?
Have you heard bad news from
home?"

"No, no; it isn't that. I'll try to
throw it off. I suppose I'm foolish not to feel thoroughly happy. Let us not
mention the matter again."

"But I insist on knowing what it is
that so depresses you. If it's anything
that I can help I shall"—

"Well, if you must know, I've just
heard that the Snobelys next door are
going to move away, so she'll not
be here to feel jealous of me when we
begin to put on style after you get
your money."— Chicago Record-Herald.

His Rent Flag.

On Jan. 18 every year, the anniversary of the battle of Waterloo, the
Duke of Wellington is bound to present
to the sovereign a small flag, which is
the annual rent of "petit sargenty" by
which the estate of Strathfieldsaye is
held of the crown. The flag must be
a miniature tricolor or eagle of the
Napoleonic army, rich with gold,
with a gilded eagle on the tip of the
staff and the number of the year embroidered at the top corner of the flag
near the eagle.

An Old Idea

"In those old times when they cut
off people's heads the train of events
proceeded on one modern idea."
"What was that."
"The block system." — Baltimore
American.

Making Sure.

Highland—Ferryman (during momentary
lull in the stormy—thinking).
Str. I'll just tuck you fur*. There's no
laying what might happen to us.—
London Punch.

He that plants thorns must never
expect to gather roses.—Pilpay.

OFFICIAL MAP
OF
Amador County
Surveys by D. C. CAMERON, showing
township and school district boundaries, ownership of all lands according to assessment roll of 1904, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school
houses; also a township map of principal towns, namely Jackson, Sutter
Creek, Tone, Amador City, Drytown,
Price, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted - $5
AMADOR LEDGER OFFICE
1 Sunset Hill 1771 Capital 032
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO. CAL,
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout,
Diet of accommodation for commercial
Table supplied with best in'arieties
Terms reasonable.
NEW MANAGEMENT. O
MRS. ANNIE HURST.... Prop'r
Board and Lodging
at reasonable rates.
Sample Rooms for Commercial
Travelers.
All Stages stop at this hotel.
JACKSON CAL.

E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic
Wines, Liquors, Cigars
JACKSON CAL.

DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MACK-
toll Cognac, Moet & Chandon, White Sec-
ond, Privilege Cuvée Champagne, Morgan Hros.
Puerto de Suerte Mirto, Suerrieii Royal Wine
Company, Connoisseur, Hortensei Public Freros,
Koniemix, Cigars and Suertie neH: CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY, Hiram Walker 355, L::i-
tteUi Wullicrvllli:, Ontario (.'inndu: JoSnic
Uuvpcr&ZooD. Ciilt"jnlaiu,' c; i n ; (iillisi K'u-ra-
nmi, Hum J. A, Oilku, Durthlnomuy
Uriwmy Company, KenvbuHior, N. V., Knicite!-
borlicr l-tcr; Uu^sln -uii hnnul of Ciumao.is,
Stout noil Dunk' Ale (bottled by Read Urct,
London): Cuutiell a. Coclirune, Holfast, GiLucr
Ur, NaKlee lrutidy; Udluxiurtvd Au;t-iitun
Whiskies.

J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAN
Plymouth, Cal.
On hand a full line of Harness
and Harness Fixtures, Saddles,
Uridles and Robes. Buggies
and Carriage tops made
to order,
Also has on hand a line of
that well known and thoroughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies;