THE AMADOR LEDGER

Published every Friday Afternoon

RICHARD WEDD Editor and Proprietor

SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
One year (In advance) $1.00
One year (if not paid in advance) $1.50
Six months $1.00
Three months $0.60
One or more copies, each $0.05
Legal advertising—per square of 331 ems—First Insertion $1.00
Subsequent Insertions—per square—each $0.60

FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1930

The shaft of the North Star mine at Grass Valley has
reached a depth of 5400 feet. This is the leading mine in
Nevada county, and has been in steady operation since
pioneer times. During the past year it has paid out in
dividends to its stockholders $250,000. In actual length of the
main shaft the North Star is entitled to the premium as the
deepest mine in California, and probably in America. But
in vertical depth below the surface it is by no means entitled
to first rank. The gold-bearing veins of Nevada county are
much flatter than those of Amador county. The depth of
the North Star shaft is measured along the vein, the shaft
following the ledge. So the length of the shaft does not re
present a penetration of anything like that depth below the
surface. The Kennedy mine, with a vertical shaft of 3300
feet, is considerably deeper than the North Star.

We give in another column the decision of the supreme
court on the eight-hour law. This question will no longer
be a source of controversy between mine owners and em
ployees. The decision settles the points in dispute definitely
and finally so long as the law remains as it now stands.
The outcome shows how needless was the late strike, which
was based on the contention that the eight hours meant from
collar to collar of shaft. The dispute arose over a different
interpretation of the law on the part of the mine owners and
their employees. A stoppage of work in the shape of a walk
out could not settle it, as a matter of fact did not settle any
thing. It had to be referred for final adjustment to the
courts. And now the court has spoken, and while the
miners' views are upheld as to the constitutionality of the
statute, and on the application of the law to mill men, on the
main question—that eight hours work meant that number of
hours in actual labor, regardless of the time consumed in
going to or returning from the place of activity, the mine

owners' interpretation is held to be correct. And the same
conclusion might have been reached without the aid of the
strike which was so unwisely precipitated as the result of
outside intermeddling.

San Francisco has, after three unsuccessful attempts, voted
bonds to construct the Geary street railroad, to be run as a
municipally owned streetcar line. The proponents of this
scheme are sanguine that a road of this kind can be suc
cessfully operated by the city, and that it will prove a good
investment from a financial point of view, and at the same
time be a model road in every respect. The large majority
of thinking men, however, will be surprised if such roseate
views are realized. It seems like a wild experiment at this
time, and under the conditions which confront San Francisco
after its terrible ordeal of quake and fire. The experiment
will be watched with much interest throughout the state. The
record of municipally owned car lines is anything but in
dicative of success, and California's metropolis is hardly a
likely city to reverse the experience in other states.
The bonds were saddled upon the city mainly by the non
property owners. Other considerations besides the advisa
bility of this venture upon municipal ownership played an
important part in carrying the bonds. Every appeal was
made to prejudice and malice to vote for the bonds. It is
quite probable that years will elapse before the line is
operated by the city. It is more likely to be leased to others
than operated by the municipality. San Francisco seems de
termined to go the limit in piling up a public debt. It has
got the fever bad.

This question of a county high school for Amador is being
seriously talked of throughout the county. This county
ought to have a first-class county high school. It is able to
support such an institution, certainly not in a position to
maintain more than one. The tax for a county school would
not be burdensome, as it would include all the taxable prop
erty of the county. The cost of maintaining such a school
is estimated at $5000 per year, which would involve a tax of
about 10 cents on each $100. The number of children going
outside institutions for a finish to their education should
strongly appeal to the citizens that it is about time to get in
line with other communities in this matter of providing for
higher education than that furnished by the common schools.

Editorial Column

The Kind Ton Have Always Bought, and which has been
in use for over 30 years, has borne the signature of
— and has been made under his per-
sonal supervision since its infancy.
Allow no one to deceive you in this.
All Counterfeits, Imitations and "Just-as-good" are but
Experiments that trifle with and endanger the health of
Infants and Children—Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria Is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Fretfulness. It cures Diarrhea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea—The Mother's Friend.
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
Bears the Signature of
The Kind You Have Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THE CINCINNATI COMPANY, 11 MURRAY STREET, NEW YORK CITY.

WINTER TRAVEL.
A comfort and delight via the
SUNSET ROUTE
Between San Francisco and New Orleans by way of
Los Angeles and El Paso.
Oil-burning locomotives—no soot—no cinders
Over the road of a thousand wonders.
One hundred mile ride along the ocean shores of
the Pacific. Through Southern California Orange
Groves—Rice, cotton and sugar fields of Texas and
Louisiana, Picturesque bayous—the Teche—Land of
Evangeline.
Through drawing-room sleepers—berths—sections—draw-
ing-rooms—Dining, parlor, and observation car service.
Steam heated and electric lighted throughout.
Through tourist car service, to New Orleans, Wash-
ington, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Chicago.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Ticket Offices
R. Flood Building Market Street Ferry Depot.
Third and Townsend Sts. Depot.
Broadway and Thirteenth Sts., Oakland.

GINOCCHIO BROS.
DEALERS IN
GENERAL MERCHANDISE
Grocery, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, Grain, etc., etc.
900 Main and Water St.
JACKSON, CALIFORNIA

DISFIGURING SCARS.

How to Prevent Them After Being
Burned or Wounded.

Scars are mainly the result of care
less treatment, and once formed there
are no instructions to be given to the
amateur for their removal. A good
surgeon will be able at least to restore
a moderate amount of sightliness, even
though he cannot wholly eradicate the
scar. But when a wound has been re
ceived, if it is likely to leave a scar and
one cannot strictly adhere to all given
rules and advice, it should at once be
put under the care of a skillful sur
geon. If he is all that is desired, there
will be scarcely a mark to tell of the
accident unless the wound is unusually
deep. Care must be taken not to
draw the edges of the surrounding tis
sues out of shape. When the wound
is dressed it positively must be bathed
and the raw and bleeding edges should
be cleansed from all particles of dust
and dirt or any foreign matter, says
the Brooklyn Eagle.

The reason that oily and creamy
remedies are used is that any applica
tion that is of a greasy nature soothes
the surrounding tender cuticle. Masks
and bandages exclude the air and pro
tect the wound from drying too quickly.
If this should happen, it may be
noticed that the skin becomes dry and
shriveled, surely resulting in a scar.
however small. If the skin is kept
soft and elastic it stands to reason
that these disfiguring contractions will
to a certain extent lose something of
their tension and in that way become
less noticeable. Even after the wound
has apparently healed and all band
ages may be removed a soothing lo
tion should be used quite frequently,
about three or four times daily, and
plentifully at night, especially if the
unfortunate one has received burns
upon the face, arms or hands, because
upon the exposed parts of the body
the scar would be more noticeable and
unsightly.

A lotion which is very soothing and
may be used for such purpose is com
posed of four ounces of filtered rain
water or rosewater and one dram of
rectified spirits, one dram of tannin
and two drams of glycerin. Agitate
thoroughly and apply. One will be
thoroughly rewarded for patience and
persistence in using these applica
tions, especially after a severe burn,
as then the tissues will have been
deprived of their fatty substance by
the extreme heat and will need nour
ishment.

How to Slip Rubber Plants.

When a rubber plant has grown too
large to be convenient it can be slipped
and the slips planted, and they should
then grow into fine, healthy plants.
Some persons use earth for the slip-
ping process, but a famous florist says
that for those who live in a city or
town the sponge method is better. A
large sponge of the very cheapest
quality can be bought and cut into
small pieces, or the bits of sponge one
can get as cheap as 5 and 10 cents
will do equally well. Next one must
get young, healthy shoots and up near
the tip of the tree make an incision in
the stalk, not cutting it the whole way
through. The skin should be
intact. Then the sponge should be
wet and tied over the incision. This
must be kept moist constantly. In a
short time little hairlike roots will be
thrown out of the sponge, and when
these look fairly strong the branch
should be severed below the sponge
and the new plant potted, sponge and
all. A shady place at first and afterward a sunny one will best suit the
young plants.

How to Keep Silverware Bright.

Here is a good homemade liquid for
keeping silver clean. It is a great help
to everyone who has tried it:
Make a strong alum water and skim
off all the particles that will not dis
solve. To this add shavings of pure
white soap. Let them dissolve and
bottle it. After the silver has been
cleaned with whitening or any other
soap or liquid that comes for that pur
pose rub each piece with a clean bit
of cheesecloth soaked with this alum
water. It adds luster and keeps the
silver clean for quite some time. If it
is found that any silver spoon or cup
has been stained by medicine or egg,
dip a cloth in sulphuric acid, rub the
stained part until it disappears, then
wash the piece in soap and water.

How to Soothe Tired Feet.

People who must stand at their work
all day should wear very comfortable
shoes with broad soles, well-fitting
arches, and proper heels. This is the
only possible way of being comfortable
under the circumstances. It is
well also to wear high shoes, buttoned
or laced closely around the ankles,
which are apt to swell from the long
strain of standing. The feet should
be given a hot bath every night, as
well as a morning bath, when they
should be scrubbed with a stiff brush.
A soothing bath for tired feet is warm
water with a little baking soda or
borax dissolved in it. A vigorous rub
with alcohol is also good. Another
soothing application is to rub the feet
with a piece of lemon.

How to Fasten Hair Bows.

Little girls often have their hair
"bobbed," and the mothers or nurses
who must tie on the large bows are
often perplexed as to how to fasten
these law ribbons to the small wisp
of hair. Here is a very good at
tachment which overcomes the dif
ficulty and at the same time preserves
the ornamental bow without neces
sarily having to re-tie it each day. Make
the law bow and sew a strip of stout
baby ribbon of the same color under
neath. Wind the narrow ribbon
around the hair several times, tie it
in a tight bowknot and it will hold
securely.

OFFICIAL MAP
Amador County
Surveys by D. C. CARTON, showing
township and school district bound
aries, ownership of all lands according
to assessment roll of 1904, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school-
houses; also a township map of prin
cipal towns, namely Jackson, Sutter
Creek, Ione, Amador City, Drytown,
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 3 feet
Price, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted $5
Sold only at
AMADOR LEDGER OFFICE
Sunset Vale 1771 Capital 633
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
1012-10th St., Sacramento
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO., CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable.
GLOBE HOTEL
NEW MANAGEMENT.
MRS. ANNIE HUST...PropT
Board and Lodging
AT REASONABLE RATES.
Sample Rooms for Commercial Travelers.
All Stages stop at this hotel.
JACKSON, CAL.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic
Wines, Liquors, Cigars
JACKSON, CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. P. MARTIN
Cognac, Meunier & Chandon, White Seaund Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Krohn.
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries: Royal Wines
Company, Oporto, Port Wines: Dubos Frères,
Bordeaux, Cognac and Hauternes; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY, Hiram Walker & Sons, Limited. Walkerville, Ontario, Canada; John Kuypers & Zoon, Cordtum, Holland; Gilka Kuemmel, from J. A. Gilka, Berlin; Dartmouth Brewery Company, Rochester, N. Y., Krickelbocker Beer; Dogsbread Urnnd of Guildenford Stout and Bass's Ale (bottled by Read Bros., London); Cuntrill & Cochrane, Belfast, Old Irish Ale; Naglee Brandy; Kiln-dried American Whiskies.
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS AND
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full line of Harness
and Harness Fixtures, Saddles,
Bridles and Robes, Buggies
and Carriage tops made to order.
Also has on hand a line of
that well-known and thoroughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.