..4800..
Readers Weekly guaranteed. Books open to
advertisers.

Established November 1, 1855.

Official Directory of Amador County,

State Senator Hon. John F. Davis
Assemblyman Hon. Fred L. Stewart
Superior Judge Hon. R. C. Rust
Sheriff and Tax Collector U. S. Gregory
Deputy Sheriff J. Podesta
County Clerk and Auditor C. L. Culbert
Deputy County Clerk B. R. Breese
District Attorney C. P. Vicini
Treasurer S. R. Spagnoli
Recorder D. A. Patterson
Deputy Recorder Robert I. Kerr
Assessor John Matchant
Deputy Assessor George F. Mack
Superintendent of Schools Geo. A. Gordon
Coroner and Administrator Geo. A. Gritton
County Surveyor W. E. Downs
County Physician Dr. A. M. Gall
Steward of County Hospital A. C. Barrett
SUPERVISORS.
Township One M. Newman
Township Two W. M. Amick
Township Three A. B. McLaughlin
Township Four E. B. Moore
Township Five Fred B. LeMoin
The regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors is held on the first Monday of each month. Fred B. LeMoin, Chairman.
TOWNSHIP OFFICERS.
TOWNSHIP ONE.
Justice of the Peace H. Goldner
Constable H. E. Kay
TOWNSHIP TWO.
Justice of the Peace James McCauley
Constable J. E. Kelley
TOWNSHIP THREE.
Justice of the Peace A. W. Robinson
Constable James Lessley
TOWNSHIP FOUR.
Justice of the Peace J. H. Giles
Constable D. F. Gray
TOWNSHIP FIVE.
Justice of the Peace J. Blower
Constable William Scoble

LAWYERS.
T. A. FREEMAN
Attorney at Law
JACKSON, CAL.
Office in Marelia building, corner Main and Court Streets.
T. B. SPAGNOLI
Attorney and Counselor at Law
JACKSON, CAL.
Practice in all the States and Federal courts.
Office: Spagnoli building, opposite Hall of Records.
A. CAMINITI
Attorney and Counselor at Law
JACKSON, CAL.
Will practice in all the States and Federal courts.
THOMAS C. BOLE
Attorney at Law
JACKSON, CAL.
Office: Farley building, Summit street.
WILLIAM A. McGABRIE
Attorney and Counselor at Law
JACKSON, CAL.
Office: Spagnoli block, Courthouse square.
T. W. CALDWELL
Attorney at Law
JACKSON, CAL.
Will practice in all courts of the State.
JOHN F. DAVIS
Lawyer.
JACKSON, CAL.
Office on Summit street, opposite Courthouse.
JACOB L. SAGEVET
Attorney at Law
JACKSON, CAL.
Office: Marelia building, Court street. Mines and mining laws a specialty.

NOTARIES.
MILDA CLOUGH
Stenographer and Notary Public
JACKSON, CAL.
Office: Judge Davis' law offices, Summit street.

DOCTORS.
J. K. COREY
Physician and Surgeon
Sanatorium 1009 Fourth Street, between J and K, near J.
All the latest modern appliances. Chronic diseases. Write for further information. Telephones—Sunset South 6081; Capital 949.
SACRAMENTO, CAL.
C. C. ENDICOTT, M. D.
Physician and Surgeon
JACKSON, CAL.
Office: Webb building. All calls promptly attended to at all times.
J. E. V. LONIGO
Physician and Surgeon
JACKSON, CAL.
Office: Webb building, Main street. Residence: Broadway near Marre's Hotel.
Telephone Main 463.
J. A. M. GALL
Physician and Surgeon
JACKSON, CAL.
Office in Weil & Renno building, Main street.

DENTISTS.
J. C. A. HERRICK
Dentist
JACKSON, CAL.
Office in Kay building. Hours from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

MISCELLANEOUS.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackson.
DEALER IN—
AMERICAN WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELRY AND SILVERWARE.
All Goods warranted as represented.
Repairing of watches, clocks and jewelry a specialty.

The Amador Ledger.

MISCELLANEOUS.
BANK OF AMADOR COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895.
Capital Stock $50,000
President Henry Eudey
Vice-President S. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
Board of Directors:
Henry Eudey, S. G. Spagnoli, John Strom, Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudey of Jackson
SAFE DEPOSIT— Safe deposit boxes can be rented from the Bank of Amador County at the small expense of 50 cents a month, thereby securing you against any possible loss from fire or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institution. Send money away through the Bank of Amador County: you will save 10 per cent and upwards over post office or express. Money sent to all parts of the United States and also all parts of the world. We have the latest quotations on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to deposit money in the Bank of Amador County. They receive deposits from 10 up. Commence the new year by opening up a bank account. A man or woman with a bank account has a financial standing. Don't bury your money; when you die it can't be found and you are liable to be robbed while alive.
HOW ABOUT THAT TITLE?
Half the Land in Amador County is held under Imperfect Titles.
If you own a lot or ranch, the chances are there is something wrong with your title, which can only be remedied by procuring an abstract.
Our office has the only complete set of Abstract Books in Amador county. We also have a variety of plats and maps which enable us to give all kinds of information about land in Amador County at the lowest rates. Notarial work done.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Geo. I. Wright & Son,
Spagnoli Building, Jackson, Cal.
We Want Responsible Agents for Our Encyclopedias, Dictionaries, Histories and Standard Authors. All of our publications are in complete sets, handsomely bound and illustrated and are sold on easy installments or with liberal discounts for cash.
For terms, prospectuses, etc., write to E. D. BRONSON & CO., 30 Phelan Building, San Francisco, California.
GLOBE HOTEL
Corner Main and Court Streets,
JACKSON, CAL.
E. ANDERSON, Proprietor.
FIRST-CLASS IN EVERY RESPECT.
Special attention paid to commercial travelers. Sample rooms connected with the house. The very best of service guaranteed to patrons.
Good Meals, 25 Cents.
UNION STABLES
Under Webb Hall
MAIN STREET JACKSON, CAL.
M. NEWMAN, Prop.
The Stable equipped with first-class stock and vehicles. Suitable rigs for Commercial travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid to Transient Stock.
Large stable and yard for use of teamsters.
Telegrams answered free of cost.
S. A. KENT
Blacksmith
Wagonmaker and Horseshoer
Carriage painting and general smithing attended to with dispatch at reasonable rates. Wharf's old stand, South Main street, near National Hotel, Jackson
MENDOCINO REPUBLICAN
DR. C. A. HERRICK President
J. B. FRANCIS First Vice-President
B. F. TAYLOR Second Vice-President
WEBSTER SMITH Third Vice-President
JAMES E. DYE Secretary
J. H. LANGHORST Treasurer
Stated meetings the second Monday evening of each month at 8 o'clock p.m. All Republicans in Jackson and vicinity cordially invited to attend and sign the roll of membership. Membership free. All funds raised by voluntary contributions.
FIRE ACCIDENT LIFE
L. J. FONTENROSE
General Insurance Agent
and Searcher of Records
Office, Marelia Building, Court Street,
JACKSON, CAL.

Fish and the Alphabet.

Perhaps the funniest thing to be told respecting the antiquity of fishing relates to the holy wars which were waged in ancient Egypt over the finny denizens of the water, the conflicts arising from the circumstance that, as often happened, one tribe would feast with the utmost irreverence upon eating up the fishes which the inhabitants of an adjoining territory held in divine adoration.

The child of today, in learning his alphabet, calls the letters by their names simply because the ancient Phoenicians were pleased to make similar figures the symbols of certain sounds, and it is thought very likely that the Phoenicians have been driven to invent that alphabet by the necessity of corresponding with peoples of various tongues incidentally to the great commerce which grew out of the fishery.

JACKSON, AMADOR COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, JUNE 14, 1901.

POLLY LARKIN

Better than costly monuments of marble or granite to commemorate the date of his birth and death and keep his name in evidence before the people after he is dead and gone, is the legacy George Lyndon has left to keep his name ever green among the old and young of Boulder Creek. His story reads like a romance, but it is one of those over true tales that is based on a kindly heart, filled to overflowing with his love for humanity and for the beauties of nature. The Santa Cruz Surf has done full justice to the subject in a nicely written article of three columns. But the work of George Lyndon should be known far and wide. This is the story:

George Lyndon, who has now reached the ripe old age of 70 years, was many years ago a policeman in San Francisco with a Kearny street beat. He had been twice to Europe and half a dozen times across the continent. Then he found himself at the age of three-score years and ten at Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz county, penniless and hungry. His fortune had taken wings. He camped in the chaparral on the hillside near the depot, and, lying under the stars, he reviewed his life and thought of the fickleness of friends when fortune and prosperity had flown. Lying on the hillside, with only the stars as silent witnesses of his bitterness of thought and his firm resolve to build himself a monument which would arouse the esteem of his fellow men for years to come, he planned a park. Lyndon went to work as a common laborer for the railroad, and shortly after wrote to one of the officers of the Southern Pacific Company, whom he had known in his palmy days, and requested permission to build a cabin on one of the waste hillsides near the depot. The land was thick with brush, steep and stony, and useless for any purpose, so the request was granted. People in Boulder Creek thought he had little wheels in his head, and laughed at the gentle old man when, bubbling with enthusiasm, he unfolded his plans and showed the lease given him for life by his former friend. They termed it "Lyndon's Folly."

The lease was for four acres of an almost precipitous hill, stretching from the railroad yard to the river below. It was overgrown with brush so thick that a bird could not fly through it. Through this tangled wildwood an occasional second growth tree poked up. Lyndon began by grubbing out a path to a knoll where stood some fine trees, as he had dreamed to build his house there. Boulder Creek looked on and smiled, but Lyndon had strong will and muscle and he persevered. He grubbed the entire hillside and dug out root and limb of all the noxious growths, tenderly caring for the valuable trees and shrubs. The bulbs and plants of the wild flowers were never disturbed but were fostered and nourished. The trees were trimmed of all dead branches, the saplings were propped, and at the end of a season the place looked like a picnic ground. The work was done early and late. He would steal a few minutes in the early morning before he went out with the section hands. After supper he labored until dark, and then he snatched a few hours' rest, and when the silver moon rose he was up and busy again, oftentimes working until 3 in the morning.

After many months of toil his cabin seemed as much a Spanish castle as it had been that first night when he slept under the stars, for he could not save enough money for the lumber and other necessary materials. But the star of destiny was coming his way, bringing hope with it, for the winter rains came on, and later the freshets collected a mass of driftwood in the river, and with this simple base of supplies Lyndon started to construct a cabin which was to be both comfortable and artistic, and with the little home complete he began to beautify his surroundings. He terraced the slope, but words cannot convey the meaning of the hours of hard labor it took to level the rough places and to complete the terraces. Tons and tons of stone was carried up the steep incline to form the walls. The old man constructed a harness and carried the cobbles up on his back. Big smooth granite rocks, almost circular in shape, weighing from twenty to fifty pounds, were packed. Wherever an incline is a little steep these stones were formed into steps, and from the terrace to the river bottom there are at least twenty of these quaint staircases. Meanwhile he planted flowers, trees and vines, and now there is not another such garden spot in all Santa Cruz county. All the water for irrigation was carried up the hills from the creek in two kerosene cans on a pole balanced over his shoulder. Henry Middleton, who owns much of Boulder and is interested in amateur gardening, observed the hard work of the old man and laid a water pipe to his door, and told him he was welcome to all the water he could use.

Entrance to this little paradise of Lyndon's is through a trellis of roses to a garden walled in with small cobblestones. In this rock are planted all the rare and lacy ferns. The walls twist and curve around and lead to unexpected nooks and tete-a-tete seats. He has deftly converted junk into artistic effects. The discarded jerk-rope from the engine forms the borders of the gardens, where fragrant violets grow. A large vase planted with long-stemmed pink oxalis crowd the rim and which holds a mass of velvety pansies, was once the smokestack of an engine. In the fountain the shade for the fish was also formerly a smokestack. The "queen's chair" is composed of rounded stones. In the crevices grow violets and the fragrant native creeper, Yerba Buena. Blue flag flowers lift their heads side by side with the graceful fleur-de-lis, and the wild roses vie with the products of the florist's art. Here the little children love to hunt for the luscious wild strawberries that grow to perfection here. Under a cathedral of young redwoods a platform has been laid of boards which drifted down the river, and benches and tables complete this secluded little picnic ground, and there are a dozen of these shady little retreats. For the old ladies who enjoy a cup of tea he has built a Dutch fireplace of bowlders and mud and a chimney which was once a sewer pipe; a teakettle hangs from the crane. A rude shed contains a stove for those who wish to cook a meal. Close down by the river bowers are formed of alders where anglers can sit and smoke while they cast a fish-line in the pool below. Rock work and ferneries abound everywhere, and roses, which are his hobby, sweet peas, forget-me-nots, pansies, marigolds, daisies, etc., are running riot. He calls his cottage "my little home," and around it he has laid a cinder track of thirty laps. The old man has challenged the State for a walk on this track of ten to one hundred miles.

Long ago the citizens of Boulder Creek ceased to smile at George Lyndon, and the progressive citizens met one night to discuss Lyndon Park and its owner, and the result was that a nickel-in-the-slot box was placed in the park, in which all passers-by are asked to contribute therewith toward the support of the owner. George Lyndon was opposed to the plan until he found that it was not compulsory and children were not expected to pay.

And this is no "fairy tale," this little story of George Lyndon's patient handiwork, but is all gospel truth, and if every visitor from home and abroad does not drop a liberal contribution into that small box when they visit Lyndon Park, then Polly will believe that gratitude, admiration and appreciation have gone out of the hearts of mankind and that we are an ungrateful people.

BRIEF REVIEW.

What We Spend for Drinks.

According to the American Grocer, we, the people of the United States (including Kansas and Maine), spent one thousand and sixty million dollars last year for alcoholic drinks. Counting our population at seventy millions, that would be about $15 apiece. The United Kingdom spent last year for drink about seven hundred and eighty million dollars, or $10 apiece for its inhabitants. It would seem from this that the Americans only drink about one-fourth less per gullet than the people of the British Isles, but we must remember that spirits and wine are very much cheaper there than in this country, and that even beer is somewhat cheaper, so that $19 in England doubtless buys at least twice as much alcoholic beverage as $15 buys here. One would like to know the truth about this American billion-dollar expenditure for drink, what proportion of it promotes health and happiness, what proportion of it prejudices both. There will be little dispute that a very considerable share of the money could be more advantageously expended in other ways. The Prohibitionists and their sympathizers will hold it that it is all much worse than merely wasted. Philosophical observers and persons of more moderate views will disagree with that conclusion, but will doubtless grant that the nation's rum bill could be diminished at least one-half without detriment to the welfare of any one except such of our fellow citizens as subsist on the profit there is in making and selling the rum.

Traffic of the Seine.

Everyone knows that Paris is on the Seine, but very few people know, or perhaps care to know, the amount of traffic along its waters. The traffic is much more than people imagine. The Minister of Public Works has published some statistics which show that during 1900 no less than 50,048 boats of various sizes were at work on the Seine. The boats carried 10,000,000 tons of merchandise, of which 649,037 tons were used in Paris. But what of the little passenger steamers that are seen gliding from pier to pier? Well, they number 131. They can each carry from 225 to 400 passengers, and last year they conveyed about 27,000,000 passengers.

An Episcopal congregation in Philadelphia has decided to hold services which for originality beats all records. The congregation is composed in part of Germans, whose language will be used in a short address to precede the English sermon. The Lord's Prayer and the Creed will be recited aloud, and the Psalms read in both languages at the same time.

The Po, in North Italy is 300 miles in length. The deposits at its mouth have caused the coast to gain upon the sea so rapidly that a point which in the time of Augustus was a seaport town is now eighteen miles from the Adriatic.

A wise man thinks before he speaks, but a fool speaks and then thinks of what he has been saying.

Envelopes were first used for letters in 1839, and the first issue of postage stamps was authorized in 1847.

Ceremony was invented by a wise man to keep fools at a distance.

CURRENT NEWS

CALIFORNIA.

ALAMEDA.

Miss Augusta Williams, whose home is at 865 Madison street, Oakland, while returning to her home shortly after 9 o'clock in the evening, was attacked by two men, one of whom seized her and struck her a vicious blow, felling her to the ground. Without loss of time the other man grabbed her purse from her hand, and, extracting its contents, $1.50, threw the purse on the sidewalk by the prostrate woman. "After advising her to get along and not look back, the ruffians hurried away into the shadow of the large trees that grow in that locality. Not long afterward two young men held up and robbed two women, one in East Oakland and the other in Fruitvale, but the robbers were taken in custody and sent to a reform school.

BUTTE.

The people of Chico held an election to determine whether or not the city should be bonded for $45,000 for the purpose of sewering the city and erecting a plant to supply water for flushing purposes. Never in the history of Chico have the residents of that city shown such an interest in an election. All the business houses were closed. The bond issue was carried by a vote of 565 to 35.

FRESNO.

J. H. Witt, a morphine fiend, who was in the Fresno jail for vagrancy, strangled himself to death with a piece of rope. Robert Martin, the nineteen-months-old son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Martin, who lives two miles northeast of Hanford, was drowned in an irrigating ditch. He was first missed by an elder sister, who looked for him and found him in the ditch.

KERN.

The Keeler stage was held up between Mojave and the Eighteen-mile House by a lone highwayman, who had a handkerchief over his face. There was but one passenger beside the driver, and the robber got $1.50. The driver was not searched. This is the first hold-up on the Keeler line, and from the amount taken it will discourage future operations.

MONO COUNTIES.

Eight hundred Porto Ricans passed through Los Angeles on their way to Port Los Angeles to board the steamer Colon. They are destined for the sugar plantations of Hawaii. As in former cases, great secrecy was maintained in the movement of the immigrants. Two physicians accompanied them, and it is stated that the health of all was good. A long since abandoned oil well on Bartlett street, near Bellevue avenue, Los Angeles, broke forth afresh the other day, and, like a mighty geyser, sent forth a mixed stream of oil, water, sand, bricks and tin cans. With a roar that could be heard for blocks the stream shot fifty feet into the air and flooded everything in the immediate neighborhood. At the same time a mighty volume of gas issued from the old sump hole and filled the air of the neighborhood with a stifling stench. The well is located on the property of Elizabeth L. Snyder, and was drilled to the depth of 1000 feet about three years ago and then abandoned.

MODOC.

Calvin Hall, 72 years of age, was hanged by a mob of forty masked men, with his three sons and a friend named Dan Yantis, at Lookout at midnight. Hall formerly lived with an Indian squaw, and by her had three boys, aged 26, 19 and 16 years. The family was worthless and lately had been suspected of many petty thefts. Finally a constable went to the house with a search warrant and found hay forks, harness, barbed wire and other things that had been recently stolen. All were arrested, but the old man was released on a charge of simple theft, while the sons and Yantis were kept in custody on charges of burglary because they could not furnish $300 bail. Governor Gage has offered a reward of $5000 for the arrest and conviction of the parties engaged in the lynching, and the District Attorney is using every means in his power to discover the perpetrators of the outrage.

MENDOCINO.

The town of Willits has been almost destroyed by fire, which broke out in a blacksmith shop. Willits is the proposed terminus of the California Northwestern Railway, and has been enjoying quite a boom. It has a population of about 800 inhabitants. The entire business portion of the town is destroyed, including ten residences. The loss is estimated at $60,000.

MARIN.

Rev. R. H. Miller, a graduate of the Theological Seminary at San Anselmo, has received an appointment by the Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions to go as a missionary to Korea.

NEVADA.

Mrs. John F. Kidder of Grass Valley is president of a railroad, and she has the distinction of being one of the very few women, if not the only one, who ever held such a bona fide position and title. Mrs. Kidder was elected to the presidency of the Nevada County Narrow Gauge Railroad Company at the annual meeting of the directors of the company held in Grass Valley, and since then she has walked over to her office every day, has sat down behind her desk and has attended to the duties of her correspondence, management and administration. She was chosen to her present position as the successor of her recently deceased husband, John Flint Kidder, whose death left practically the sole ownership and the management in her hands. For nearly a year previous to Mr. Kidder's death his wife was going through the process of familiarizing herself with the business affairs of the company, simply because his failing health made it imperative that some trusted representative should answer the questions of subordinates, look after details and give advice and counsel.

SAN FRANCISCO.

William Wright, who says he is a railroad brakeman, was charged at the city prison with assault to commit robbery on Mrs. Marsden Mansen, wife of the Commissioner of Public Works. Wright attempted to snatch a satchel from Mrs. Mansen, and was caught after an exciting chase by Policeman Atten.

The steamer Peking brought to this port three Chinese whose visit to the United States is of special significance. They are young men of the upper class, sent out, as the young men of Japan were sent out before the awakening of that nation, to learn the customs, institutions and culture of this country in order that they may aid the progressive party in introducing European ideas into China. Loo Chin An, a taotai, or mandarin of the fourth class, heads the party. He is specially commissioned by Shun, the progressive director of railroads and commerce, to study the condition of commerce and manufactories in this country. With him is Hsueh Sung Ying, 22 years of age, a graduate of the Peking University in the class of 1900, who intends to complete his studies either at Stanford or Berkeley. Hsu Shih Chin, a rich young man of 25, who intends to travel in this country and perhaps enter a university, completes the party.

SHASTA.

Brush and grass fire on the outside of Redding caused the destruction of the house of George Cochran and its contents, while several other dwellings and the county hospital were saved only by hard work.

Oscar Kohlsdorf, awaiting sentence for burglary, and George Brannan, who was to have been examined for grand larceny for the alleged theft of a horse, sawed their way through the window bars of that portion of the county jail at Redding in which they were located and made their escape. No one outside the prison saw them at the time of their departure.

STANISLAUS.

One of the most dastardly murders ever committed in Stanislaus county was enacted at the Donnelly ranch, twenty-five miles from Modesto. Frank Cebulla shot and instantly killed Edward J. Donnelly. The rifle bullet entered the right breast and went entirely through the body. Donnelly formerly employed Cebulla, who is a trifling and dissipated man, and there was a slight difference between them. When the shot was fired at the defenseless man Cebulla was intoxicated. Donnelly was raised on the ranch on which he met his death and was aged 37 years.

SANTA CLARA.

There is a case of virulent smallpox in Palo Alto. The patient is a young lady from Portland, Or., who has been visiting relatives in Palo Alto and San Jose. It is thought she contracted the disease during a recent visit to San Jose. It is known that she attended the senior farce and the baccalaureate sermon during the graduating exercises at the university. The case has been taken in charge by the Health Department of Palo Alto. The neighborhood of the infected house on Emerson street has been subjected to strict quarantine under the watch of an officer and the patient has been removed to an isolated house on the San Francisquito creek, outside of the town. Four hundred Palo Alto people were vaccinated in one day.

SAN MATEO.

During a quarrel Henry Beeges was pushed into a slough by another boy at Redwood City, and was sinking for the last time when A. R. Huntington, electrical engineer for the Consolidated Light Works, plunged in and saved the boy. The water was over eight feet deep, and Huntington was rescued with great difficulty.

SAN BERNARDINO.

Camillio Perez, a young man well connected in Redlands, has been sentenced to serve two years and six months at San Quentin for forgery. The crime was committed on May 8th, during the visit of President McKinley and party. Pickpockets secured C. W. Craig's purse and took the money and several checks. The crooks induced the unsuspecting Perez to forge Craig's name and present one of the checks at the First National Bank. He was arrested an hour later but the pickpockets escaped.

SAN JOAQUIN.

The Sunday closing of stores, except cigar stores and places where refreshments are sold, has gone into effect at Stockton, as a result of a union recently formed by the clerks of that city. The new order of things gives general satisfaction.

SACRAMENTO.

Governor Gage has offered a reward of $300 for the arrest and conviction of E. A. Illingsworth, who killed Constable A. S. Walker of Modoc county. Illingsworth, who had escaped from the county jail, killed the constable while resisting arrest.

SAN DIEGO.

As trustee for the holders of $300,000 in bonds of the Escondido Irrigation District, the Merchants' National Bank of San Diego has brought suit to foreclose a mortgage covering the district's water rights, reservoirs and other property.

TULARE.

Thirty-two thousand squirrel tails were brought to the County Clerk's office in Visalia from the White River country. This is the largest number ever brought by any one squirrel hunter. The bounty will amount to $960.

TRINITY.

The recent storm swept over Trinity county and destroyed timber estimated to be worth $1,000,000. Roads were made impassable by fallen trees, which obstructed a path half a mile wide. The storm lasted only about five minutes and was followed by heavy rain for an equal period. Trees that had been uprooted and twisted as though but saplings passed within a half mile of Trinity Center. Had that town lain in the path of the wind it is probable there would be nothing left of it now.

YUBA.

An enthusiastic meeting of fruit growers from Sutter, Yuba and Butte counties was held at Yuba City. The growers endorsed the methods of the Exchange, and another meeting was called to take definite action.

PACIFIC COAST.

ALASKA.

The machinery has arrived at White Horse for a brickmaking plant. C. J. Young and T. P. Whitney of White Horse have discovered west of that town an immense hill of red clay suitable for brickmaking. They began the manufacture of brick last fall, and tests show them to be of a first-class quality. Orders have been received sufficient to keep the plant running all summer at $50 per thousand.

BRITISH COLUMBIA.

Twenty-five hundred Indians have gathered at Chilliwack, near the mouth of Fraser river, to take part in the celebration of the Passion Play, which began June 3d. The ceremonies are elaborate.

OREGON.

The Government has let a contract for a 3,000,000-foot cargo of lumber for Manila. The shipment will go forward next month on the steamship Strathgyle from Portland.

WASHINGTON.

George Mulligan, president of the Eagle City Mining and Exploration Company of Seattle, who was reported clubbed and robbed, was not seriously injured.

Reports received from Eastern Washington grain districts confirm the previous reports that the yield this year in Washington and Idaho will reach 30,000,000 bushels, provided grain is not injured by hot winds during July.

ARMY AND NAVY.

UNITED STATES.

The transport Kin tuck, from Manila to Seattle, has arrived at Nagasaki.

Nine companies of the Ninth regiment have arrived at Manila on the transport Indiana from China.

Colonel Henry Jackson, commanding the Third Cavalry, has been placed on the retired list on account of age.

Brigadier-General Frederick Funston has been assigned to command the Fourth district of the Department of Northern Luzon, with headquarters at San Isidro.

The War Department has been informed by cable that General Chaffee, with his troops on the transport Sumner, has arrived at Nagasaki on the way to Manila.

Under the law the pay of volunteer soldiers will cease June 30th, and if they are not mustered out by that date Congress will have to make specific appropriations for their extra service.

The model camp at the Presidio is now empty, the Forty-fifth Volunteers having been mustered out. No trouble was experienced, the men leaving camp without paying the visit which it was anticipated they might make to the saloons near the Presidio entrance.

Acting Adjutant-General Ward has received a message from General MacArthur saying that the transport Thyra sailed from Manila June 1st for San Francisco via Nagasaki, with three officers and seventy-eight enlisted men of Company B, Thirty-eighth Volunteer Infantry.

The last volunteers, the Forty-third Regiment, sailed from Manila on the transport Kilpatrick, June 4th. The sick regulars, several hundred of whom have long awaited transportation, will be embarked for home on the next transport, with the remaining discharged regulars and civilians.

Acting Adjutant-General Ward received a cable message from General MacArthur saying that the transport Logan sailed from Manila May 31st for San Francisco, by way of Nagasaki, with two battalions of the Thirty-eighth Volunteer Infantry. Although every effort has been made to land the volunteers in this country before the volunteer army goes out of existence, it is not believed that it can be done. Cable instructions have been forwarded to General MacArthur to send a mustering-out officer with each regiment on the transports yet to sail, so as to have everything in readiness for their muster out on arriving in San Francisco. A large corps of paymasters has been ordered to San Francisco to make the final payments, and there will be no delay in complying with the law when the troops get home.

The following officers will report to the commanding General, Department of California, for duty in connection with the muster-out of volunteers at San Francisco, and afterward proceed to Manila: Majors Thomas C. Chalmers, Luther B. Grandy, John A. Metzger, Frederick A. Washburn Jr., George P. Reed and John Carling, and Captains Frederick H. Sharrenberger, C. S. Gill, Willis J. Raynor; surgeons and assistant surgeons, First Lieutenant Alfred T. Clifton, Signal Corps, from Philippines to Angel Island, Cal., and assume command of the Signal Corps detachment at that point. Navy orders: Commander T. S. Phelps, detached from Mare Island yard, June 8th, to command the Alert, June 8th, in relief of Commander Perdins; Commander C. P. Perkins, detached from the Alert June 8th, and to Mare Island immediately as equipment officer of the yard; the order detaching Lieutenant R. C. Bulmer from the Iowa, to go home to await orders has been revoked.

SOUTH AFRICA.

The correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette has sent a letter to his paper, saying the British commander-in-chief is known as "Kitchener of Chaos."

The Boers are crippled through the lack of supplies, and the British are handicapped by having to devote five-sixths of their army to guard their stores and their lines of communication. The situation has provoked the weary population of South Africa to cry out against British methods.

A cable to the New York Sun from London says that the sum of the South African operations is that British strategy has again failed. Lord Kitchener had planned to force the Boers to winter in Northern Transvaal and fight there, or at least to hold them until after the South African winter, when the veldt is most unhealthy for the whites. Then it was expected would come a surrender.

The Sun, London, publishes a sensational story to the effect that General Botha has arrived at Standerton and is communicating by telegraph with Paul Kruger, through the Netherlands Government, appealing to Kruger to sue for peace. Lord Kitchener is said to have given Botha permission to adopt this course. The Sun further hears that 10,000 Zulus have gone on the warpath, owing to Boer raids in Zululand.

The reticence of the English Government regarding the battle of Vlakfontein and other military events of some importance which have recently occurred at widely separated points in South Africa has led to considerable anxiety. This is in no way allayed by the curious answer of the War Office to a question regarding the accuracy or otherwise of the Boer report that the British were defeated near Pretoria on May 2d. The reply which the War Office vouchsafed, "we have no official information," has aroused some misgivings.

Certain groups in the Pietersburg district are already entering the British lines and laying down their arms, but the great majority of the fighting Boer force evaded the British, split into sections of from thirty to fifty, and escaped to the south through the meshes of the British dragnet, re-assembling in the midlands district of Cape Colony, where, instead of in the Northern Transvaal, Lord Kitchener may have to direct his winter campaign. General Delarey is unlikely to operate there, as the Boer leaders have consistently chosen the areas they know best, but such a severe attack as that delivered by General Delarey at Vlakfontein, besides reviving the panicky temper of the scattered British columns, which are moving without local knowledge of the country, will prevent Lord Kitchener from transferring enough men to eject the Boers from Cape Colony. The situation may continue for months.

CHINA.

There was a serious affray June 2d at Tientsin between international troops. Some British Fusileers who were acting as police suggested to prevent French soldiers from house-breaking, when they were attacked with bayonets and bricks. The Fusileers, in self-defense, fired in the air. This brought a number of Germans to the aid of the Frenchmen. They numbered together 200 men. Five Fusileers fired again, killing a Frenchman and wounding three others. In subsequent fighting four Fusileers, five Germans and one Japanese were injured. The arrival of a German officer and a strong guard ended the fray.

OFFICIAL COUNTY PAPER.
Covers the most prosperous part of California, viz: "The Mother Lode."

Five Cents Per Copy.

UNITED STATES.

James A. Herne, the well-known actor and playwright, died at his home in New York, June 2d, of acute bronchitis and pneumonia, after an illness of eight weeks.

John Bezlinski, William Greening and Peter Sesky, bridge carpenters, were drowned at Chicago in the Calumet river at Ninety-fifth street by the capsizing of a ferryboat.

The Republic Steel Company voluntarily advanced the wages of all laborers at its Bonnie Bell and Valley plants in Youngstown, O., 10 per cent. The advance affects 800 men.

Fire in the four-story building at 413 Delaware avenue, Kansas City, occupied by the Western Stores Company, dealers in dry goods, furnishings and notions, caused a loss of $60,000.

Lieutenant E. Barker of the revenue cutter service, now stationed on the revenue cutter Galveston, has forwarded his resignation to the Secretary of the Treasury, after six years' service.

A memorial has been erected by the Jewish women of Cincinnati over the grave of Felix Moses, of whom John Uri Lloyd has given an interesting picture in his novel, "Springtown on the Pike."

Fred Pinger, a well-known young man of St. Joseph, Mo., attacked Fred Smith, Henrietta Miller and Fred Miller with a knife, and fatally wounded the first man. The others may die. He was intoxicated and can give no reason for the assault.

While driving across the tracks of the Lake Shore Railroad sixteen miles east of Erie, Pa., Hugh Walters and Michael Findley were killed and Bruce Hazlett fatally injured. Their rig was struck by the fast mail going at a terrific speed. The men lived at Findley's Lake, New York.

Evidence is at hand that the American ship John McDonald, now out 257 days from Baltimore to San Francisco, with a cargo of Cumberland coal, was blown up at sea on or about January 16th last, and that the crew was probably lost.

Cadets Birchie O. Mahaffey of Texas, Henry L. Bolby of Nebraska, John A. Cleveland of Alabama, T. F. Keller of New York and R. A. Linton of Michigan, recently dismissed from West Point as insubordinate, are to go to Ecuador to serve as engineers in the building of a railroad across the Andes.

In Covington, Ky., Mrs. Kate Hestor, aged 33, after a quarrel with her husband, Ottie, aged 42, at the supper table, shot and killed him, as well as their three-year-old daughter, after which she put the revolver to her own head and blew out her brains. The cause of the trouble is not known.

The comparative statement of the Government receipts and expenditures just issued, shows that during the month of May the total receipts were $52,620,440 and the expenditures $42,136,560, leaving a surplus for the month of $10,492,880 and a surplus for the eleven months of the present fiscal year of $58,587,135.

After five years of rivalry between leaders of great religious movements, the famous breach between General William Booth, founder and head of the Salvation Army of the world, and his son, Ballington Booth, head of the Volunteers of America, is to be healed. Ballington Booth will then return to the Salvation Army.

A. W. Walker of Maryville, Mo., objected to Owen Logan, a prominent young stockman, calling on his daughter, and, coming upon the couple suddenly, as they stood at the Walker gate, emptied a load of buckshot into Logan's breast, fatally wounding him. Walker gave himself up. He had, it is said, frequently threatened to kill Logan if he did not desist from paying attentions to his daughter.

Miss Bishop, the young lady who accidentally killed a lady friend named Nora Wolfrom, near Nardin, O., while at a picnic, has become a raving maniac from brooding over the tragedy. It required the utmost vigilance of her friends to prevent her from committing suicide, as that, she says, is the only thing which will avenge the horrible deed which she committed. She will be taken to the asylum at Norman for treatment.

Dogs digging in a ravine a mile north of Holton, Kan., a few rods from the house of W. H. Klausmire, unearthed the body of Mrs. Klausmire. Her husband, who went to Texas recently, after telling his children that their mother had gone to that State, is charged with the murder. He is also charged with the murder of Paul Swetlick, a brother of Mrs. Klausmire, in the same town several years ago, to secure life insurance. The dead woman's head was found to have been crushed with a club, the skull being fractured in several places. Near the spot where the body was found was a club marked with blood stains.

Seventy-two pieces of old silverware, believed to be the proceeds of a robbery which occurred at Lyons, N.Y., over fifty years ago, have been unearthed on the Oliver Horn farm by Fred Wilk, who was grubbing out weeds. Wilk first unearthed a big silver knife, later finding spoons, knives and forks. The stuff was buried not over six inches in the ground, along the road to Sodus Point, in the outskirts of the village. The silverware was in a good state of preservation and was marked "P. Pierson," "Hyde" and "A. M. and M. J. I." The representatives of the Hyde and Pierson family examined the silverware and recalled the robbery of the Artemus Hyde residence fifty years ago, in which similar silverware was carried off and never recovered.

FOREIGN.

It is said at Barcelona that the Captain-General has been warned of a foreign anarchist plot to kill the King and Queen regent.

Two men and one woman were killed and the hospitals filled with wounded by the recent rioting in Spain. Many arrests have been made. The rioters used revolvers freely.

An engagement that has caused considerable flutter in smart society is that of Mrs. Homar Bass, widow of a partner in the famous brewing firm, to Rev. G. Shaw, curate of the fashionable church of St. Paul's, Knightsbridge.

Prussia's losses on account of the crop shortage is estimated by the president of the standing committee of the Prussian Board of Trade and Agriculture, in his report to Count von Buelow, to be: Wheat, 183,750,000 marks, and rye, 103,000,000 marks.

The Rev. John Watson (Ian MacLaren), who last year was moderator of the English Presbyterian Synod, was asked for his opinion of the American decision to revise the confession. He writes: "Many on this side of the Atlantic are glad to know that their Presbyterian brethren in the United States propose to revise the confession. It is an intellectual wonder, but would be improved by a reduction in size and an infusion of love."