BULLETIN AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
The Daily Advertising Agency, 779 Market street
INIO IVICIVIAN from Francisco, California, where contracts for advertising can be made
or It
AMADOR LEDGER
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEBB Editor and Proprietor
SUBSCRIPTION RATES
One year (in Advance) $1.50
One year (if not in advance) $1.90
Six months $1.00
Three months $0.75
One or more copies, each $0.05
Legal advertising— per square of 234 ems— First Insertion $1.00
Subsequent Insertions— per Square—each $0.50
FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1910

THE PANAMA CANAL.

It is fitting that the completion of the Panama canal
should be celebrated by the biggest world's fair exposition
ever witnessed. That is what the people of San Francisco
propose to make of the Panama exposition in 1915. It will
eclipse everything in that line that has preceded it. As the
big engineering enterprise that is to unite the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans draws nearer to completion, we shall doubtless
hear a great deal more of this work than in the past. Few
in the present day realize the stupendous character of this
task — by all odds the greatest engineering problem ever
attempted by human skill. For a number of years the
work has been vigorously prosecuted without ostentation or
show, and while its magnitude may be guessed at from the
enormous amount of money that has been and must yet be
spent, the general public have but a feeble conception of the
contract which the United States has entered upon in the
interest of the world's commerce. The canal was
commenced by the French about 30 years ago. De Lesseps,
the engineer who gained celebrity in the successful completion
of the Suez canal, was balked after dumping between two
and three hundred million dollars into this scheme. The
Suez and Panama canals, as far as engineering difficulties are
concerned, are as a molehill to a mountain. In the great cut
at Culebra more dirt has been excavated already than was
required in the entire distance of the Suez canal. When
this cut is completed it will constitute a gap through the
Andean mountain chain 600 feet from the top to the bed of
the canal, and this gap nine miles in length. Forty
thousand men are employed by Uncle Sam on the canal.
Thirteen hundred locomotives are used in conveying the
debris and other hauling, and 300 trains pass every 24 hours
in the busiest section. One million pounds of dynamite is
used every month. The drill holes are bored 20 feet deep,
and the steam shovels scoop up the small and huge rocks
like so much sand, three shovelfuls being sufficient to fill a
car of thirty tons, which is accomplished in one minute.
One shovelful is equal to five cubic yards of dirt.
Of the 40,000 employees on the big ditch about 30,000 are
negroes, mostly from the West Indies, and they receive 90
cents per day of nine hours, and board. The white laborers
are paid on an average double this rate. More than 40 tons
of silver is paid out to the colored workers for wages every
month, the white employees are on a gold basis.
It is estimated that one third of the digging was
accomplished under the French administration. During the
few years of American control one-half of the balance has
been excavated, which shows how vastly more efficient is the
American system than the French. All the costly material
used by the French, and which came into the possession of
the United States on the payment of $40,000,000, was
discarded, and relegated to the junk pile. Under the French
system it cost $4 per cubic yard to remove the dirt. The
total cost under the existing regime does not exceed $1.25
per cubic yard.
Digging dirt is by no means the only difficulty to be
encountered. The Chagres river, which drains a watershed
having a precipitation of 150 inches of rain in a season,
must be controlled. The canal follows this river for a large
portion of the distance, and actually crosses it about fifteen
times. Its flood waters are to be controlled, forming a vast
inland sea twenty-seven miles long and 80 feet deep, with a
system of harbors for the biggest ships afloat, and locks for
raising or lowering vessels, so as to overcome the difference
between the sea-level of the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.

A question has arisen as to when registration closes for
the coming city election. At a general election no citizen
can vote unless registered at least 28 days prior to the
election. The object of this provision is to allow time for
the printing of the great register. As there will be no
register printed specially for the city election, it is not likely
that any restriction will be imposed as regards the time of
registration. If the last printed register is used at the polls,
the voter's name thereon will be prima facie evidence of his
right to vote. Those not thereon, but who have been
registered this year, can vote on certificate if no
supplemental list of those registered is furnished to the election
officers. As changes have been made in the boundaries of
election precincts, it is advisable for every voter to get on
the new register, and thereby avoid all possibility of
confusion or challenge.

The Kind You Have Always Bought, and which has been
in use for over 30 years, has borne the signature of
and has been made under his personal
supervision since its infancy.
Avoid no one to deceive you in this.
All Counterfeits, Imitations and "Just-as-good" are but
Experiments that trifle with and endanger the health of
Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria Is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
Bears the Signature of
The Kind You Have Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THE ECHTAUN COMPANY. THE UNITED STATES. NEW YORK CITY.
WINTER TRAVEL.
A complete and delightful via the
SUNSET ROUTE
Between San Francisco and New Orleans by way of
Los Angeles and El Paso.
Oil-burning locomotives—No soot—no cinders
Over the road of a thousand wonders.
One hundred mile ride along the ocean shores of
the Pacific. Through Southern California Orange
Groves—Rice, cotton and sugar fields of Texas and
Louisiana, Picturesque bayous—the Teche—Land of
Evangeline.
Through drawing-room sleepers—berths—sections—draw-
ing-rooms—Dining, parlor, and observation car service.
Steam heated and electric lighted throughout.
Through tourist car service, to New Orleans, Washington, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Chicago.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Ticket Offices
Flood Building Market Street Ferry Depot.
Third and Townsend Sts. Depot.
Broadway and Thirteenth Sts., Oakland.
GINOCCHIO BROS.
DEALERS IN General Merchandise
Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining Supplies, Lumber, Hardware. Hay, Grain, etc., etc.
Corner Main and Water St.
JACKSON, CALIFORNIA

GLOBE SIGHTS

Job never had a telephone hung up on
one side of his tent.

We would rather be sixteen years old
than be president of the U.S.

The man who was in the war is as
unreliable as the man who goes fishing.

As bad as the trusts are, they probably
hurt you less than you hurt yourself.

Only those who don't believe in love
can talk about it without becoming silly.

Every good husband is what is known
among women as "a great baby."

Never marry your daughters to a
young man who amounts to too much
while still young.

Young people dread old age, but most
of them live in hopes of reaching it,
just the same.
Don't believe men who say the country
is in danger and you should quit work
and electioneer.

Righteous Indignation, according to
the Sunday school boy, is getting mad
and not using cuss words.

It runs in some families to make poor
marriages the same as it runs in others
to have sore eyes.

There are some who seem to apply
this "Do It now" motto to about everything but their duty.

There are some people who express
their sympathy for man in order to
gossip about his troubles.

Literary note: No one reads Charles
Dickens any more. There are no
chauffeurs in Dickens' works.

There are a good many varieties of
household pets, but we notice father is
rarely elected to that position.

A woman can find as many excuses
for her children as she can find flaws in
those offered by her husband.

If a boy is as "refined" as his spinster
thinks he should be, he is always as
quiet as the corpse at a funeral.

It is a good thing for every woman to
have sons: She appreciates her daughters more because of them.

The process of getting rich would be
greatly simplified if you would save
money this year you intend to spend next.

If a man has a partner in business,
his wife has every dress, every hat, and
every false curl of the partner's wife,
counted.

We have noticed that husbands and
wives never use sealing wax in their
correspondence: On the contrary they
write on a postal.

The great handicap to a reputation for
being kind-hearted is that all the neighbors unload their new kittens on such a
reputation.

In a town this size there is always
some woman of whom it is said: "She
has beautiful clothes, but she never
wears them here."

Our idea of a real expert is the man
who can find out what are the contents
of a woman's stomach the day after she
ate salad at a party.

Some children's clothes look as though
their mother had dreamed them, and
when she woke up the next morning cut
their pattern.

It can be truthfully said of Mrs. Ly
sander John Appleton that she is such a
perfect hostess she never yet has told a
guest the truth.

It would add something to the peace
and tranquility of the world if self-
satisfied creatures were only as easily
pleased with the rest of us.

Talk about someone who is particularly
mean, and your hearer will say: "I
understand all about that. I have kin
that description fits to a T."

Opportunity comes in many ways,
but, up to date, no one has encountered
it while earnestly gazing the new moon
over his right shoulder.

When gossips attack a man, all he has
to do is to try to find out who started
the talk, and the gossips will begin
fighting like wolves among themselves.

The most scandalous gossip is usually
started in this way: "I hate gossip,
but," and then the story follows: it is
always told by someone who hates
gossip."

A man may display considerable
patience waiting for a fish to bite, or
the curtain to go up, or the race to
start, but he will fuss around home if
the meals aren't on time.

Speaking of the narrow mind, we
used to know a man who contended the
mule was superior to man, because the
mule didn't have to wear shoes to keep
its feet warm.

If father expects to accomplish all his
writs by prayer, the children soon learn
that mother has to be up and doing
more than most women in the neighborhood if the family ever has anything.

What has become of the man who
wore red flannel shirts? If he still
wears them, why do they never hang on
the wash line? A red flannel shirt on
a wash line can't be hidden anywhere
in town, and if the shirt is new, and
has the vigor of youth, it flaps its arms
and tails in a way to attract attention
from as far as St. Joe.

Stubborn As Mules

are liver and bowels sometimes; seem
to balk without cause. Then there's
trouble— Loss of appetite— Indigestion,
nervousness, despondency, headache.
But such trouble flies before Dr. King's
New Life Pills, the world's best
stomach and liver remedy. So easy.
25c at Spagnoli's Drug store.

OFFICIAL MAP
Amador County
Surveys by D. C. CARLTON, showing
township and school district boundaries,
ownership of all lands according to assessment roll of 1904, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school-
houses; also a township map of principal towns, namely Jackson, Sutter
Creek, Ione, Amador City, Drytown,
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 6 by 3½ feet
Price, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted $5
Sold only at
AMADOR LEDGER OFFICE
Sunset Villa 1771 Capital 633
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods,
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
1012-10th St. Sacramento
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO. CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable.
NEW MANAGEMENT.
MRS. ANNIE HURST... Prop'r
Board and Lodging
AT REASONABLE RATES.
Sample Rooms for Commercial Travelers.
All Stages stop at this hotel.
JACKSON, CAL.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic
Wines, Liquors, Cigars
JACKSON, CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MARTELL Cognac, Moet & Chandon, White Seal and Prunier Cuvée Champagnes; Morgan Prosecco, Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries; Royal Wine Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres, Bordeaux, Clarets and Sauternes; CANADIAN CLUB WHISKY, Hiram Walker & Sons, Limited, Walkerville, Ontario, Canada; John de Kuypor & Zoon, Rotterdam, Gin; Gilka Kuemmel, from J. A. Gilka, Hamburg; Hartloomay Brewery Company, Rochester, N. Y., Knickerbocker Beer; Dogsbread Brand of Guinness, Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros., London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger Ale; English Brandy; Imported American Whiskies.
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAN
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full line of Harness
and Harness Fixtures, Saddles,
Bridles and Robes. Buggies
and Carriage tops made
to order.
Also has on hand a line of
that well-known and thoroughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.