EITHER ADVERTISED AT THE POST OFFICE AT JACKSON AS 2ND-CLASS MATTER.
THE PAPER is kept on file at E. O. DAKIN'S Advertising Agency, 779 Market Street, Sacramento, California, where contracts for advertising can be made or it
can be added to ledger
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEBB Editor and Proprietor
SUBSCRIPTION RATES!
One year (In advance) $1.50
One year (If not in advance) $3.00
Six months $1.00
Three months $0.50
One or more copies, each $0.05
Legal advertising—per square of 234 ems—First Insertion $1.00
Subsequent Insertions—per square—each $0.50
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1910

THE CITY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENT.

We last week published the financial statement of the city
clerk, showing the receipts and expenses of the municipal
government for the year ending January 31, 1910—the
fourth year of Jackson's life as a city of the sixth class. The
showing is deserving of notice in several respects. It does
not surprise those who fairly and impartially anticipated the
expenses of maintaining a separate government and the
probable income for the support of the same. On the eve of
Jackson's incorporation December 1st, 1905, the Ledger
published an article on the pros and cons of the incorporation
proposition. The article gave an estimate of the revenue for
the support of the city establishment, and also a rough
estimate of the cost of keeping up the city household. It
will be remembered that at the time the article was published
the statements therein made were criticized by the rabid and
interested advocates of putting on city airs. It was con
tended that the items of our cost bill were wildly exaggerated;
that salary list and other probable charges were overdrawn.
We laid away a copy of the Ledger containing the article at
the time it was published, confident that our estimates were
conservatively drawn, and that the march of events in case
incorporation carried, would vindicate the stand we then
took in giving an impartial and disinterested opinion on the
issues involved. We placed the Ledger in a pigeon hole,
where we could lay our hand on it at any time it might be
needed, to show it was not the Ledger that was embarking in
an airship, but rather those who were so loudly proclaiming
that the question was one of all profit and no loss. In
another column we republish this article, so that our
readers will be able to judge for themselves whether we
correctly gauged the situation at that time. Underneath
that article we reproduce the receipts and expenses of the
city government for the past year, as shown by the clerk's
official statement. The figures speak for themselves, and
need no comment on our part.

Coming back to the showing for the past year, we find
the total expenses were $13,329.28. This is about $5.50 per
head, reckoning the population of the city at 2500. This is
for regular running expenses—the ordinary expenses that
have to be provided for every year. Dissecting these figures
we find that the items of salaries, commissions and rent eat
up over $3000 of this sum. Sprinkling and water took
$801.12. Street lighting cost $1311. Under the head of
incidentals—charges that must occur every year with slight
variation, and which contribute nothing toward permanent
improvements—we figure $1368.94. Labor and team hire,
which we presume represents work on streets, $5069.22. It
is not to be disputed that in the matter of lighting and
sprinkling there is an improvement upon the system in
vogue before incorporation; also more is done on the streets
than formerly. But the question is are we getting anything
like value for the vastly increased expenses as compared
with former years. We have no sewer system now any more
than formerly. The sanitary conditions in this regard are
if anything more unsatisfactory than they were before. And
this is said in no spirit of fault-finding, but is based on the
assumption that the city funds have been spent to the best
Now let us turn to the sources of income. The writer
publicly stated years before Jackson was incorporated that a
municipal government must necessarily entail increased
expense upon the people; that the taxable property was in
sufficient to maintain a separate government without
additional burdens somewhere; and that the business men
would be called upon to put up the deficiency. Now the
financial balance sheet shows that last year there was raised
from property taxes $3900—less than one third the total
revenue—while licenses furnished over $6000, or nearly one
half of the total amount expended. The managers had to
come to the conclusion that the city could not be maintained
without a raise somewhere—contrary to the claims put for
ward at the outset when it was claimed that municipal
government would not involve extra expense. The feasible
method of increasing the income was in the matter of liquor
licenses, and these were jumped from $15 to $30 per quarter.
We are not now discussing the wisdom of this increase, but
we simply mention it to show that the Ledger was under
rather than over the mark in its estimates given over four
years ago.

HYDRO-MURIATIC
For Infants and Children.
Aptam Hymuriatisammum. It is
Not Narcotic and is very mild
It is Acetarouksammm. It is
A perfect Remedy for Coughs, Worms, Convulsions, Feverishness and Loss of Sleep.
It is JJj/W XUKiv.
Exact Copy of Wrapper. The original package, now your own.

WINTER TRAVEL.
A comfort and delight via the
SUNSET ROUTE
Between San Francisco and New Orleans by way of
Los Angeles and El Paso.
Oil-burning locomotives—no soot—no cinders
Over the road of a thousand wonders.
One hundred mile ride along the ocean shores of
the Pacific. Through Southern California orange
groves—rice, cotton and sugar fields of Texas and
Louisiana, picturesque bayous—the Teche—Land of
Evangeline.
Through drawing-room sleepers—berths—sections—draw-
ing-rooms—Dining, parlor, and observation car service.
Steam heated and electric lighted throughout.
Through tourist car service, to New Orleans, Washington, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Chicago.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Ticket Offices
Flood Building Market Ferry Depot.
Third and Townsend Sts. Depot.
Broadway and Thirteenth Sts., Oakland.

GINOCCHIO BROS.
Dealers in General Merchandise
Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining
Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, Grain, etc., etc.
Corner Main and Water St.
JACKSON, CALIFORNIA

Just Like a Woman.

A Boston physician was describing
a week's drive that he took last fall
through some of the most picturesque
districts of New England.

"I saw much that was notable
and heard much that was worth re
membering on this quiet, bucolic ex
cursion.

"I remember an elderly Justice of
the peace in a beautiful New Hamp
shire village near Lake Sunapee. I
stayed there all night with this fine,
keen old man. He amused me and
impressed me with his mordant humor.

"During the evening the question of
the unreasonableness of womankind
came up for discussion. 'Ah,' said the
old Justice, 'woman is unreasonable,
very unreasonable indeed. In fact,
there is no living creature so unreason
able as woman. I remember that my
wife and I were talking over our af
fairs one day, and we agreed that it
had come to the point where we must
both economize.

" 'Yes, my dear,' I said to my wife,
'we must both economize—both!'

" 'Very well, Henry,' she said with
a tired air of submission to an un
pleasant condition, 'you shave yourself,
and I'll cut your hair.' "—Boston Post.

Hymnological Ineptitude.

The story of a minister who held a
religious meeting in a penitentiary and
aroused the ire of the inmates by an
nouncing as a hymn that one beginning "The dying thief rejoiced to see"
is equaled by the tale of a local
preacher whose church got in debt not
long ago. A congregational meeting
was held for the purpose of extricating
it, and the chairman of the board of
deacons, or whatever the financial body
was, got up and united the situation
and ended by calling for a special col
lection to make up the deficit.

" I suggest that we sing a hymn." one
of the members of the church sug
gested.

This idea was carried out, and the
number of the song was announced. A
smile overspread many faces, however,
when they reached the line, "When we
sunder part it gives us inward pain."

Nevertheless the "sundering" process
was most successful and wasn't partic
ularly painful either.—Louisville Cou
rier-Journal.

Tailed Englishmen.

Natives of southern Arabia believe
that Christians wear hats only to hide
their horns. Formerly the continent
of Europe clung to the conviction that
the Englishman's nether garments con
cealed a tail. So late as the reign of
Edward VI., according to Bale, "an
Englishman cannot travel in another
land by way of merchandise or
any other honest occupation, but it is
most contumeliously thrown into his
teeth that all Englishmen have tails."
The belief probably arose from the
legend of the "Kentish Longtails."
The people of either Canterbury or
Stroud (for the legend varies) mocked
at Becket as he rode by on an ass
and cut off the ass' tail. Wherefore
they and their descendants were cursed
with tails thenceforth. At least so
said jesters of other countries, and the
slander eventually reacted upon Eng
land in general. Another version sub
stitutes St. Augustine and Dorsetshire.

Cold as a Cure.

Cold of a certain intensity produces
not only hunger, but, as it has been
proved, health as well. Raoul Pictet,
the famous Swiss chemist, was mak
ing experiments on a degree of cold
considerably lower than any which
occurs naturally, and he found that
at temperatures between 110 and 150
below zero no covering of any kind
would keep cold out, or, more exactly,
would keep warmth in. There is noth
ing surprising about that. The sur
prise is in the result. M. Pictet is a
gentleman who has suffered greatly
from indigestion. After an exposure
of several minutes to the cold which
he had produced he experienced a sen
sation of hunger which he has de
scribed as ravenous. When he had
eaten he experienced none of the tor
tures of his ailment, and when he had
alternately frozen and eaten three or
four times he found himself entirely
cured.—London Telegraph.

The Gallant Cabman.

Nothing perhaps produces quite so
much wit from a cabman as a sense of
being underpaid, which in most cases
means that he has been justly paid. A
lady who had been guilty of this kind
of justice experienced the usual sense
of discomfort when her driver straight
ened the palm into which she had just
dropped her shilling and looked at her
speechlessly. She was weakly about
to add another sixpence when the cab
by's sense of humor prevailed. He
transferred the shilling to his pocket
and smiled sweetly down at his em
barrassed fare. "Course, missy," he
remarked, "there was the pleasure o'
drivin' you!"—London Chronicle.

Arundel Cattle.

The most singular circumstance
about Arundel castle is that its owner,
by mere right of ownership, is Earl of
Arundel in the peerage of England. It
is believed that there is no similar ex
ample of a peerage held on such condi
tions. Apparently there would be no
legal obstacle, were the house of How
ard to fall upon evil days and the cas
tle be sold to some millionaire, to pre
vent the millionaire taking his seat in
the house of lords as Earl of Arundel.
—London Standard.

A Reflection on Him.

"Quarreled on their wedding day?
Dreadful! And what about?"

"The bride's girl friends cried too vo
ciferously to suit the bridegroom."—
Louisville Courier-Journal.

To be valo of one's rank or place is
to know that one is below it.—Bryan.

OFFICIAL MAP
Amador County
Surveyed by D. C. CARTER, showing
township and school district bound-
aries, ownership of all lands according
to assessment roll of 1904, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school-
houses; also a townsite map of princi-
pal towns, namely Jackson, Sutter
Creek, Ione, Amador City, Drytown,
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 6 by 3½ feet
Price, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted $5
Sold only at
AMADOR LEDGER OFFICE
Sunset Vale 1771 Capital 633
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
1012 10th St. Sacramento
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO. CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable.
Globe Hotel
NEW MANAGEMENT.
MRS. ANNIE HINST. Prop'r
Board and Lodging
AT REASONABLE RATES.
Sample Rooms for Commercial Travelers.
All Stages stop at this hotel.
JACKSON, CAL.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic
Wines, Liquors, Cigars
JACKSON, CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAH-
tell Cognac, Moet & Chandon, White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros.
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries; Royal Wise
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres,
Bordeaux, Clarets and Sauternes; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY, Hiram Walker & Sons, Min-
tun, Walkerville, Ontario, Canada; John de
Kuyper & Zoon, Rotterdam, Gin; Gilka Kuem-
mel, from J. A. Gilka, Berlin; Bartholomew
brewery Company, Rochester, N. Y., Knicker-
bocker Beer; Logshead Brand of Guinness,
stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ale; Naglee Brandy; Kempton American
Whiskies.
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAN
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full line of Harness
and Harness Fixtures, Saddles,
Bridles and Robes. Buggies
and Carriage tops made
to order.
Also has on hand a line of
that well-known and thoroughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.