FRANKED AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
THIS PAPER IS THE PROPERTY OF THE S. DAK. E'S Advertising Agency, 779 Market street
San Francisco, California, where contracts for advertising can be made

AMADOR LEDGER
Published Every Saturday Afternoon
RICHARD WEBB ..... Editor and Proprietor
SUBSCRIPTION RATES!
One year (In advance) 13 00
One year (If not in advance) 2 50
Six months 1 00
Three months 0 75
One or more copies, each 0 05
Local advertising— per square of 534 ems - First Insertion 1 10
Subsequent Insertions— per square each 0 60
Dlt I U\ I • I Vi IHiU J\ Iv I 40, daily

GET REGISTERED.

The supreme court has just handed down a decision on
the new primary law, which is giving birth to a good deal of
discussion. The point upon which the higher court was
asked to pass was whether the old register of 1908-9 could
be used at the primaries under the new primary law in
August next. The court holds that it cannot. This means
that in order to be on the voting line at the party primaries
to be held in August the citizen must be enrolled on the new
great register, and comply with all the requirements of that
law. Not only this but the signers on a petition for a
party nomination must also be on the new register at the
time the petition is filed with the proper officer. In other
words, candidates for a party nomination for county or state
office must be careful that in getting the signatures of three
percent of the party vote at the last election in at least one
fourth of all the precincts within the county or district, all the
signers are on the new register, and are registered as
affiliated with the party from which the nomination is sought.
It is well for every person to get on the register as a party
man. If believing in the principles and policies of the
republican party, he should register as a republican. There
should be no hesitation in declaring his party allegiance.
He surrenders none of his rights by so doing. On the con
trary, he will surely forfeit important rights if he fails to do
so. It is well to get registered early, so as to thereby become
qualified to sign any nominating petition. When the
nominating petitions are filed, such names as are not enrolled
on the great register of this year will not be considered, and
such names as appear thereon will not be considered unless
the signers are enrolled as belonging to the political party
from which the nomination is sought.

Hiram Johnson, the well-known attorney of San Fran
cisco, and a son of Grove L. Johnson of Sacramento, has
been persuaded by the Lincoln-Roosevelt leaguers to run for
the republican nomination for governor. This does not
mean two republican candidates for governor at the general
election in November. It simply means a contest between
the regular republican organization and the anti-machine or
anti-railroad wing, known as the Lincoln-Roosevelt league
for supremacy at the primaries. It is a trial of strength
between the two wings within the party lines. Alden
Anderson and Charles F. Curry are the prominent candidates
on the regular ticket. In a triangular fight, with the
regulars divided, the leaguers hope to secure the honor of
heading the republican ticket for their candidate by con
centrating their forces upon Johnson. When the nomination
has been decided by popular vote of the party, it is expected
that all factional squabbling will be dropped, and regulars
and irregulars will vie with each other in the effort to elect
the standard-bearer.

Our state senator Caminetti is apparently quietly
manipulating things with the object of securing the nomina
tion for governor on the democratic ticket. The articles in
the Dispatch suggesting his candidacy, if not inspired by
him, were undoubtedly published with his consent. But
the nominations will be disposed of in this campaign in a
totally different manner to old-time ways. A politician
aspiring to a place on the state ticket of any party, is thereby
cut off from all opportunity of seeking a subordinate
nomination in case of failure to capture the higher prize.
There will be a raft of candidates for the empty honor of
leading the democracy to defeat in the November election.
Theodore Dell is a prominent candidate. He probably
banks a good deal on the splendid vote he received at the
last election. If his supporters imagine he can hold this
strength this year they are deceiving themselves. In
Amador county Bell ran 600 ahead of his ticket, owing to
dissatisfaction on the part of a host of republicans at the
high-handed tactics resorted to in the manipulation of state
and county conventions. They scratched the head of their
ticket as a practical and emphatic method of registering their
disapproval, and not on account of any personal preference
for the democratic nominee. Not only this, but Bell has
lost ground otherwise during the past four years, and is
regarded as a weak candidate today.

Editorial Column

Haff's Teas for Infants and Children.
Haff's Teas Always Bought
Haff's Teas Available Preparation for As-t' ( $ ; jli ! . Jr
Haff's Teas Bears the // tA«
Haff's Teas Promotes Digestion, relieves Colic, and best. Contains no adulteration. #1\ IM
Haff's Teas is safe for Colic, Diarrhoea, Indigestion, Worms, Convulsions, Feverishness, and Loss of Sleep.
Haff's Teas has been tried Thirty Years
Exact Copy of Wrapper. Haff's Tea Company, New York City.

WINTER TRAVEL
a comfort and delight via the
Southern Pacific
Between San Francisco and New Orleans by way of
Los Angeles and El Paso.
Oil-burning locomotives—no soot—no cinders
Over the road of a thousand wonders.
One hundred mile ride along the ocean shores of
the Pacific. Through Southern California Orange
Groves—Rice, cotton and sugar fields of Texas and
Louisiana, Picturesque bayous—the Teche—Land of
Evangeline.
Through drawing-room sleepers—berths—sections—draw-
ing-rooms—Dining, parlor, and observation car service.
Steam-heated and electric-lighted throughout.
Through tourist car service, to New Orleans, Wash-
ington, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Chicago.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Ticket Offices
Flood Building Market Street Ferry Depot.
Third and Townsend Sts. Depot.
Broadway and Thirteenth Sts., Oakland.

DEALERS IN
General Merchandise
Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes,
Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining
Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay,
Grain, etc., etc.
Corner Main and Water St.
JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA

A Big Irrigation Scheme.

An important suit and one that may
lead to important results later, has just
been filed in the superior court of this
county. The suit is brought by the
California Storage Water Company (a
corporation) vs. Ernest Krentz and
sixty-five others named defendants, be
sides some forty John Does and Richard
Roes and is for the purpose of con
demning lands along the Calaveras river
for a distance of some six miles from
Petersburg down the river. The com
plaint is sworn to by John W. Mc-
Keehan vice president of the corpora
tion and Solinsky & Wehc appear as the
attorneys.

This complaint which is a lengthy
document of some seventy-five written
pages sets forth the purposes of the
company as a public service corporation
entitled to the rights of "eminent
domain" to be for storing waters for
irrigating purposes, the generating of
electricity, etc. It is set forth that half
a million acres of land within the scope
of their irrigation plant, now practically
without water can be made capable of a
high state of cultivation by irrigation,
that the towns of Valley Springs, Bur
son, Wallace, Jenny Lind and Milton in
Calaveras county, Bellota, Linden, Lodi,
Woodbridge, Peters, Farmington, French
Camp, Lathrop, Ripon and Atlanta, in
San Joaquin, now without adequate
water supply, can be supplied by their
reservoir.

It further alleges that from Petersburg
for a distance of six miles down the
Calaveras river is a natural reservoir
from one half to five miles wide in
which can be stored the flood waters of
the river, estimated in the rainy season
to be 25,000 cubic feet per second; that
a dam 175 feet high and 1000 feet long
on top built on said river near the
center of swm of sec 31 t 4 n r 11 c,
would store 20,000,000,000 cubic feet of
water each year, sufficient to irrigate
250,000 acres of land furnish the resi
dents with water for domestic purposes
and generate 10,000 horsepower
electricity.

It is further alleged that the corpora
tion now owns the larger portion of the
land that would be covered by the reser
voir site and the water to the amount of
1,500,000 miner's inches; that the reser
voir would cover ten square miles and
would render all the land asked for total
ly unfit for other purposes. Wherefore
the corporation asks judgment; First.
To be declared a public service corpora
tion.

Second, to have the lands specifically
described in the complaint condemned
to the use of the corporation.

Third. That the conflicting claims to
any of the lands be judicially deter
mined.

Fourth. That the value of the property
be assessed separately to each parcel.

Fifth. That when payment is made or
satisfactory bond given the plaintiff cor
poration be put in possession of the
property.

As we understand the matter this is a
step towards the consummation of a big
project for which Mr. McKeehan has
been working for some time. It is not
intended to prevent future negotiations
by which title may be acquired on terms
mutually satisfactory to the parties con
cerned. A large amount of capital is
now promised for the development of
the project sufficient to carry it to suc
cessful completion, but the investors re
quire assurance that it will be carried
through to completion and that all legal
points as to a clear title to the lands re
quired be settled or in a course of settle
ment. Another object of bringing the
suit at this time is to prevent any other
parties from doing the same thing and
so hindering the plans of this corpora
tion which have been maturing for four
or five years.— Prospect.

Coal for 82,000 Years.

R. E. Young, chief Reographer and
superintendent of railway lands under
the Canadian government, contributes to
Britannia some interesting particulars
concerning the three prairie provinces —
Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta— of
the Dominion. It used to be said that
the prairie provinces could not be pro
perly opened up for settlement until the
fuel problem was satisfactorily disposed
of. Today, as the result of careful in
vestigation and computation by the
Geological Survey of Canada, it is
known that in one coal field alone— that
of Crow's Nest Pass— there are upward
of 22,000,000,000 tons of coal waiting
to be tapped, and that nearly the whole
of southern Alberta is underlaid with
coal. No fewer than 18,000,000 tons of
coal were taken from the Crow's Nest
Pass field last year. At this rate of pro
duction it will be fully 12,000 years be
fore this one coal field is exhausted. So
it would seem that we need not trouble
about "the light of other days."

Won't Need a Crutch

When editor J. P. Sossman, of Cor
nelius, N. C, bruised his leg badly, it
started an ugly sore. Many salves and
ointments proved worthless. Then
Bucklen's arnica salve healed it
thoroughly. Nothing is so prompt and
sure for ulcers, boils, burns, bruises,
cuts, corns, sores, pimples, eczema, or
piles. 25 cents at Spagnoli's drug store.
Acknowledgment thanks for notices, specially printed for Amador
county, may be had at the Ledger
office. Price 000 per packet of 60.

OFFICIAL MAP
Amador County
Surveyed by D. C. Caulton, showing
township and school district bound-
aries, ownership of all lands according
to assessment roll of 1904, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school-
houses; also a township map of princi-
pal towns, namely Jackson, Sutter
Creek, Ione, Amador City, Drytown,
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 6 by 8 feet
Price, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted $5
Sold only at
AMADOR LEDGER OFFICE
Sunset Valley 1771 Capitol 33
The E. Thomas'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods,
Silks, Fancy Goods, and Curtains
1012-10th St. Sacramento
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO. CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout,
offers accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best of market.
Terms reasonable.
NEW MANAGEMENT.
MRS. ANNIE HUST....Proprietor
Board and Lodging
At Reasonable Rates.
Sample Rooms for Commercial Travelers.
All Stages stop at this hotel.
JACKSON... CAL.
MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic
Wines, Liquors, Cigars
JACKSON CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. Sia-
roll Cognac, Mont Si Chateau, White Soul
and Private Cuvée Cognac; Morgan Bros.
Forto do Sol Madeira Sherries; Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Duboas Freres,
Bordeaux, Clarets and Sauternes; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
bied, Walkerville, Ontario Canada: John de
Kuyper & Zoon, Cotterdam, Holland; Gilka-
Kucmell, J. A. Gilka, Berlin; Burlington
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. Y., Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogsbread Brand of Unicess,
Kout and Buns' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London): Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Giltner
Ale; Nunluu brandy; Reinhom-d An-erlcun
Whiskies.
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAN
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full line of Harness
and Harness Fixtures, Saddles,
Ridles and Robes. Buggies
and Carriage tops made
to order.
Also has on hand a line of
that well-known and thor-
oughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.