S SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One year (In advance.... .. IS no
. .)r.(>.TP»r (if not In advance) $3.00
Six months 1.50
Three months .75
Ten or more copies, each 1.00
Legal advertising— per square of 100 ems—First Insertion 15 no
Double Insertions— 10c. square—each ,.,'. VI
ADVERTISE AT THE OFFICE at JACKSON AND MAIL TO R. C. DAKE'S Advertising Agency, 779 Market street
The PAPER is kept on file at R. C. DAKE'S Advertising Agency, 779 Market street
Jackson, California, where contracts for advertising can be made
or It
A AMADOR LEDGER
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEBB Editor and Proprietor
FRIDAY DECEMBER 10, 1909

WORSE AND MORE OF IT.

We can afford to pass over the almost weekly abuse of the
editor of the Ledger in the columns of the Dispatch in
silence. Our contemporary is an adept in the art of dodging
facts, and dispensing with solid argument, and substituting abuse
therefor. Such tactics avail nothing with the reasoning, impartial public. In its last issue, the Dispatch,
referring to the injunction suit against that paper, to prevent the collection of a bill for city printing on the ground
that Penry sen., one of the city trustees, was an interested
party, being the proprietor of the Dispatch, stated that the
suit was brought against the advice of the attorney for the
editor of the Ledger. That certainly is news to
the Ledger man, and at the same time a serious charge of
unprofessional conduct against a reputable attorney. Perhaps the "silly Willie" does not understand that conversations between attorney and client are sacred, protected by
the laws of the land. No attorney, even on the witness
stand, can be compelled to divulge any conversation between
himself and his client, without the consent of the latter.
For an attorney voluntarily to do so in common street talk,
as the Dispatch intimates was done in this instance, is the
grossest breach of trust. Without waiting to hear from the
attorney concerned, we take this opportunity to brand the
statement of the Dispatch as absolutely false. The attorney
never advised against bringing suit. Maybe, our verdant
editor, who is able to dismiss the admitted publication of deliberate falsehood in his paper week after week and year
after year as a matter of no consequence, is aiming to break
down an attorney on the opposite side of the political fence
by means of a campaign of lies after the admitted example of
deluding his readers and patrons for the past four years on
the question of proprietor and publisher of that veracious
sheet.

And to cap the climax the Dispatch has the hardihood to
libel the whole community of Amador county by asserting
that the chosen policy of jack-'o-lantern journalism as exemplified in that characterless concern has gained many
friends, while the Ledger's stand for honest, truthful dealing
with the people has few supporters in Amador county. Let
him console himself by hugging that delusion to his heart's
content.

County politics begins to be a subject of discussion. The
new primary law is not in much favor with the prospective
candidates. It imposes upon them additional expense, and
of course this additional expense must finally fall upon the
taxpayer, in the shape of additional salary eventually, to
make good the difference between the old and the new system
as regards expense. It will soon be time for candidates to be
moving. Instead of insuring a multiplicity of candidates to
select from at the primaries, the new law is likely to act just
the other way. Men will be rather backward in risking a
double defeat, once in the primaries and again at the general
election: the first at the hands of the voters of his party,
and the next at the regular election. But one point is
gained by the new law, notwithstanding many defects,
namely, the mass of the party voters will have the opportunity of selecting the candidates. If they do not exercise
their right by going to the polls, that is their fault and not
the fault of the law. It is impossible to cure indifference by
any legal enactment.

President Taft's message to congress is an able and conservative statement concerning national affairs. It lacks the
extreme radicalism of the messages under the Roosevelt administration, and hence may be somewhat disappointing to those
who were devoted to all the policies of the former president.
But the tone of this first message will be received with gratification by business interests generally, as aimed at inspiring confidence in commercial circles. And this, probably,
was the main thing in view, following the intensely aggressive spirit of the former regime. Taft will give the country a
wise and prosperous administration.

Editorial Column.

The Kind You Have Always Bought, and which has been
in use for over 30 years, has borne the signature of
' — and has been made under his personal supervision since its infancy.
Allow no one to deceive you in this. All Counterfeits, Imitations and "Just-as-good" are but
Experiments that trifle with and endanger the health of
Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
Bears the Signature of
The Kind You Have Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THE CENTURY COMPANY, 7 MURRAY STREET, NEW YORK CITY.

WINTER TRAVEL.
A comfort and delight via the
SUNSET ROUTE
Between San Francisco and New Orleans by way of
Los Angeles and El Paso. -
Oil burning locomotives—Nosoot—no cinders
Over the road of a thousand wonders.
One hundred mile ride along the ocean shores of
the Pacific. Through Southern California Orange
Groves—Rice, cotton and sugar fields of Texas and
Louisiana, Picturesque bayous—the Teche—Land of
Evangeline.
Through drawing-room sleepers—berths—sections—drawing-rooms—Dining, parlor; and observation car service.
Steam heated and electric lighted throughout.
Through tourist car service, to New Orleans, Washington, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Chicago.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Ticket Offices
Flood Building Market Street Ferry Depot.
Third and Townsend Sts. Depot.
Broadway and Thirteenth Sts., Oakland.

GINOCCHIO BROS.
DEALERS IN
General Merchandise.
Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, and
Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes. Mining pack
Supplies, Lumber, Hardware. Hay,
Grain, etc., etc.
Corner Alain and Water St. JACKSON, CALIFORNIA

GLOBE SIGHTS

Nothing looks quite so old as an old
automobile.
It isn't necessary for any woman to
die for her honor.
Revenge is not nearly as sweet as
people think it is.
A man who can gracefully take instruction is a genius.
To your notion, everybody except
yourself is impatient.
If you want to make a young man mad,
call him "my boy."
Self-denial is easier, in the long run,
than self-indulgence.
The stuff used to kill a smell is usually worse than the smell.
Lots of people fool around love just
as though it was not loaded.
The compliments you receive by fishing for them don't count.
People get too old to dance, but they
never get too old to sing.
There is much disposition to
kick about the other fellow's taxes.
A boy's idea of hardship is to have to
wash his neck and ears every day.
It is easier to keep up than it is to
get behind, and then hurry to catch up.
A discussion in which you are not
interested seems very trivial to you.
The world is becoming better. Only
a few people now play the mandolin.
No person who has false teeth should
throw back his head when he laughs.
We never knew a woman who really
loved her husband that wasn't loved in
return.
A question for the grammarians: Does
a wedding occur, take place, or just
happen?
A man often thinks: "I am no
angel, but I'm a pretty good sort of a
fellow, after all."
When a man expresses his real sentiments on any subject, he does not wish to
be quoted.
Don't worry as to who will carry on
your work when you die: the man will
turn up all right.
The business of providing false hair
for women is now crowding the steel
business for first place.
The stories in a kin quarrel are as far
apart as the stories of Dr. Cook and
Commander Peary.
One way of gracefully saying that a
girl is homely is to constantly refer to
her sweet disposition.
There are all sorts of people: a man
has actually turned up who says sermons
are not long enough.
Don't let your trouble blind you to the
fact that your neighbor's sympathy is
two-thirds curiosity.
It takes a brave man to say what he
thinks about a woman. And when he
does it, he is called a coward.
With the possible exception of a willingness to fight, you can't prove anything by calling another a liar.
The mule got a bad reputation by
kicking, although it is a useful and reliable animal in other particulars.
No man admires a nice woman any
more enthusiastically than we do. Nor
can any man think less of a foolish one.
How nice and easy a thing is when
you hear someone tell about it and how
difficult it afterwards turns out to be.
A boy is never as much consolation to
his mother in her sorrows as her daughter, but he can't help it; it is not his
way.
What has become of the old-fashioned
man who used to say of a conceited
man: "He should be taken down a
peg."
This love-on-sight business is more
dangerous than loading into the top of
a gasoline can with the aid of a lighted
match.
When a man and his wife are waiting
on a porch for the cool to open, the
man always says to his wife, "Now,
don't let's stay late."
When a business man is shiftless,
and doesn't get along, we have noticed
that he often tries to lay the blame for
failure on railroad rates.
Farmers are small-minded. When a
farmer has forty bushels of corn per acre,
does it please him to hear that his
neighbor across the lane has sixty?
When a woman knows at least three
games of solitaire, does her hair in a
doorknob knot, and begins to save her
money, she is thoroughly reconciled to
spinsterhood.
"O, Promise Me" as a wedding
hymn has no significance to the groom,
but the married men are reminded so
often of what they have promised that
they scream whenever they hear of it.
Some people are never satisfied unless they
are being constantly fed on foolish compliments. The man who has
an abnormal appetite for compliments is
always so conceited as to lack ordinary
intelligence.
Ask a boy to do anything and he will
grunt something unintelligible; ask a
girl and she will reply that nothing
in the world would give her greater
pleasure. But the boy does what you
asked, and the girl forgets.
When Man enters love, it
goes mighty hard with her. When a
Woman becomes enthusiastic over
a man, her love is worth that of a dozen
women who have been fooling along
with love all their lives.
Dr. Mittelweiss, a noted Austrian
physician, says he has discovered a
theory by which sex may be changed;
a man may be made into a woman, and
a woman into a man. Let the Suffragettes engage the services of Dr. Mittelweiss, and quit fussing.

OFFICIAL MAP
OF
Amador County
Surveys by D. C. CARTER, showing,
township and school district boundaries, ownership of all lands according to assessment roll of 1904, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school
houses; also a township map of principal towns, namely Jackson, Sutter
Creek, Ione, Amador City, Drytown,
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 6 by 3½ feet
Price, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted $5
Sold only at
AMADOR LEDGER OFFICE
Sunset Vale 1111 Capital 833
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
1012-10th St. Sacramento
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO. CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable.
Globe Hotel
NEW MANAGEMENT.
MRS. ANNIE HUST...Prop'r
Board and Lodging
AT REASONABLE RATES.
Sample Rooms for Commercial Travelers.
All Stages stop at this hotel.
JACKSON, CAL.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic
Wines, Liquors, Cigars
JACKSON, CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac, Meukow and Chaudon. White Soul and Private Cuvee Chaudon; Morpeth Bros. Hock;
Puerto Rico and Saint Martin Sherries; Royal Wines Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres
Bordeaux, Clarent and Sauternes; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY, Hiram Walker & Sons, Limited. White Seal, Ontario, Canada; John Dewar & Sons, Scotch Whisky, from J. A. Guenther, Berlin; Birchwood Brewery Company, Hochemer, N. Y., Knickerbocker Beer; Dublin Grand of Guinness,
stout and Irish Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
Los Angeles): Cutrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Guinness Ale; NELSON BROTHER; Kelvynorted American
Whiskies.
J. A. Vanderpool;
THE HARNESS MAIN
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full line of Harness
and Harness Fixtures, Saddles,
Bridles and Robes. Buggies
and Carriage tops made
to order.
Also has on hand a line of
that well known and thoroughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.