THE AMERICUS TIMES-RECORDER.

NEW YEAR.

TAKE YOUR CHOICE.

Take your choice for 10 days.
If you feel tired and weak,
If you are sick and tired,
If you are sick of the doctor’s bills,
If you are sick of the post office lost mail, your time is worth much more to your family. The rich man can afford to suffer a loss of $100.00 a day, as a result from being sick from business than the poor man can lose the value of his labor.
Rich or poor—are stupid to lose 10 days when 24 to 48 hours is all of the time required to put them in good condition by Johnson’s Tonic and feel sorry for the family that is wedded to the plan of subjecting themselves to the Quinine treatment.
Quinine has two cardinal points that should immediately commend themselves to any thinking man in this country.
First, it is harmless. Absolutely harmless. Harmless under all circumstances.
Second, it is quick; it acts at once. In 30 minutes after its administration, the blood begins to undo the mischief caused by Malaria.
It has a wonderful record of 17 years of success. 999 cases out of every 1000 promptly cured, and the 1000th case can be easily cured by doubling the dose and taking it a little oftener.
Johnson’s Tonic is a wonderful medicine. It is not mere merchandise. It is superb. No remedy in the whole domain of Materia Medica is more positive in its action and unfailing in its results.
It will cure. It will cure every time. It will cure every case of Fever. It will cure any type of fever.
It is the one great medicine that seldom disappoints.
Don’t trifle with Fever. If allowed to run, it is like a house allowed to burn—it will consume you. Use Johnson’s Tonic. Use nothing else.
Now take your choice. Lie in bed for days, or maybe weeks, and poison your digestion with Quinine, and arise finally with all the life and vim taken out of you, or use Johnson’s Tonic and be restored at once to perfect health. No loss of vital force, no loss of flesh. No waste of precious time. Take your choice.
A. B. GIRARDEAU, Savannah, Ga.

CURGHTENED AT
Cost for Cash
On Monday Morning
April 21st,
We will begin an Extraordinary Sale of
Dry Goods, Clothing, Shoes,
Hats, and Gents’ Furnishing Goods
It Cost For Cash!
This sale will continue THIRTY or SIXTY
DAYS, during which time we will offer the
greatest opportunity of the season to buy goods
in our line.
We mean exactly what we say.
It makes no difference about the
reason why, a look at our goods and
prices will convince the most skeptical
that we are selling at COST, and
therefore cheaper than you can buy
elsewhere.
You need the goods. We want the cash out
of them, that is sufficient. Come while the
opportunity presents itself and get your share
of this elegant stock at Cost.
$5,000 Worth of New Goods
recently received; new Clothing, new Dry Goods
all kinds, new Shoes, new Hats, new Gents’
Furnishings, new Hosiery, Handkerchiefs and
Underwear, new everything, and all goes at Cost
for cash.
NOW IS YOUR CHANCE!
LEE ALLEN.

IT IS THE TRUST!
Our Groceries bought and sold at living
prices. If you want the lowest rate on
your Meal, Lard, Meats, Coffee, Sugar,
and Household Necessities,
with Spring Vegetables in season
all at the LOWEST PRICE. Call on
Telephone No. 265.

Take your choice.
An attack of Fever at
this time of year, with
Quinine as the treatment,
means a week or
ten days lost from Business.
It means ten days of
unhappiness for you and
ten days of hard work
and anxiety for those
who love you.
This is putting it in its
very happiest aspect. It
might mean your death,
and it often means a
breakdown in general
health from which some
recuperate very slowly.
If you are a rich man
your time is worth much
to your estate. If you

I used Johnson’s Tonic 24
hours. Took it every three
hours. Never felt better in
my life. Did not lose an
ounce in weight. Can eat
anything.

AMERICUS, GA., THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 24, 1902.

MEMORIAL SERVICES
FOR WADE HAMPTON
Touching Tribute to “Daughter of Confederacy.”
140,000 VISITORS IN DALLAS
Sons of Veterans Convention Opens,
but Only Routine Business Transacted—Kalipha Parade Main Feature
of Day’s Program.
Dallas, Tex., April 23.—A solemn
memorial service by those who still
live for their comrades who fell in
the cause of the Confederacy was held
at today’s meeting of the United Confederate Veterans.
The service was not only in honor
of the soldiers who gave their lives
for the Confederacy, but of the late
Miss Winnie Davis, the “Daughter of
the Confederacy.”
At noon all business was stopped
short and the great auditorium hushed.
Chaplain General William Jones,
O. N. C., arose and prayed while the
old veterans sat with bared heads. The
venerable chaplain thanked the Almighty for the leader that had been
given the Confederacy; he gave thanks
for “the noble women of our south
land who were ministering angels in
the dark days of war” and for the com
rades who had died gloriously.
“Varina Anne Davis, more familiarly
known as ‘Winnie, the Daughter of the
Confederacy,’ the crowned queen of
our affections, was my personal friend
whom I admired, honored and loved.
The chaplain said: “That it is really
difficult for me to speak of her except
in terms that might to others
seem extravagant.”
To Jefferson Davis, “who adorned
every subject that he touched;” to
Albert Sidney Johnston, who ‘fell
the hour of victory at Shiloh;” to Rob
ert E. Lee, “the peerless soldier and
staunch gentleman;” to Joseph E.
Johnston, “the strategist;” to Beaure
gard, Kirby Smith, the heroically dar
ing Hood, “Stonewall” Jackson, the
Thunderbolt of War,” the chaplain
ascribed virtues which had well earned
the affection and respect of all men.
He paid glowing tribute to J. E. B.
Stuart, Nathan Bedford Forest, the
“Wizard of the Saddle;” Sterling Price,
“whom his men affectionately called
‘Old Pap;’ ’ to Dick Taylor and Wade
Hampton, “whose recent death has
carried grief to many homes and many
hearts.”
The convention opened with a special memorial service in honor of the
memory of General Wade Hampton.
This service was held apart from the
general memorial.
The convention of the Sons of Veterans began this morning. It was
stated that only routine business
would be transacted.
The Kalipha parade tonight will be
the main feature of the day’s entertain
ments.
Crowds of people continue to pour
into the city and the railroad yards
were clogged with trains. The bureau
of information stated that they had
found lodgings for 140,000 people since
the reunion opened.
General Gordon declared that “It
looked as if the Dallas reunion crowd
would be the biggest in the history of
the United Confederate Veterans.”
Today’s weather was a repetition of
yesterday’s.
PISTOL DUEL WITH ROBBERS.
Father Shot to Death and Young Son
Mortally Wounded.
Chicago, April 23. —Peter Fafinski
was shot and instantly killed and his
19-year-old son, Julius, probably mortally wounded while resisting two robbers who attempted to loot the cash
drawer in Fafinski’s grocery, 409 Bradley street, early today.
Several hours after the shooting
Thomas Glynn, with a bullet wound
in his arm, gave himself up to the
police. He said that he and a man
named R. Smith had tried to hold up
the proprietor of the store and his son,
and that a revolver duel followed in
which he was shot. He said he knew
one man was killed in the affray, but
was in doubt as to whether he or
Smith did the killing.
Deutschland Has Broken Rudder.
Plymouth, England, April 23. —The
Hamburg-American line steamer, the
Deutschland, which left New York
April 17 for Plymouth, Cherbourg and
Hamburg, has been sighted 18 miles
south of the Scilly islands, with her
rudder broken. The Deutschland is
expected to reach Plymouth at about
5 p.m. today.
Cotton Crop of Texas.
Houston, Tex., April 23. —The Post
issues its report on the cotton crop
of Texas, the same acreage as last
year being shown. Last year there
was a heavy increase over the preceding season. Planting has progressed
rapidly and will be completed May 10.
There is a fine season in the ground
and the outlook is very good.
End of ’Frisco Strike at Hand.
San Francisco, April 23. —The end
of the streetcar strike in this city
appears to be at hand. It is generally
expected that the conference of the officials of the United railroads with
Mayor Schmitz and a committee representing the strikers, to be held today,
will result in an amicable settlement
of the questions at issue.
A Certain Cure for Chilblains,
Shake into your shoes Allen’s Foot-
Ease, a powder. It cures Chilblains,
Frostbites, Damp, Sweating, Swollen
feet. At all Druggists and shoe stores,
25 cents.

PENNSYLVANIA PURE RYE
EIGHT YEARS OLD
OLD SHARPE WILLIAMS
POCK FULL QUARTS OF THIS FINE.
OLD PURE RYE.
C.O.D. EXPRESS
PREPAID
We ship on approval in plain, sealed boxes
with no marks to indicate contents. When
you receive it and test it, if it is not satisfac
tory, return it at our expense and we will re
turn your $3.50 We guarantee this brand to
be eight years old Eight bottles for $16.50
express prepaid; 12 bottles for $19.60 express
prepaid; 1 gallon jug, express prepaid, $6.00;
2 gallon jug, express prepaid, $15.50 No
charges for boxing.
We handle all the leading brands of Rye
and Bourbon Whiskies in the market, and
will save you 50 per cent on your purchases
r _ . Stuart. Gallon
Kentuck Star Bourbon $1.35 $2.50
Eldridge Bourbon $1.40 $2.50
Coon Hollow Bourbon $1.45 $2.75
Mellwood Pure Rye $1.50 $3.00
Monogram Rye $1.55 $3.00
McBrayer’s Rye $1.60 $3.25
Baker’s AAAA $1.65 $3.40
O. O. P. (Old Oscar Pepper) $1.65 $3.40
Old Crow $1.75 $3.50
Finches’ Golden Wedding $1.75 $3.75
Hoffman House Rye $1.90 $4.00
Mount Vernon (8 years old) $2.00 $4.50
Old Dillinger (10 years old) $2.25 $5.00
The above are only a few brands of the
many we carry in stock. Send for catalogue.
All other goods by the gallon, such as Corn
Whiskey, Peach and Apple Brandies, etc,
sold equally as low, from $1.15 gallon upwards.
We make a specialty of the jug trade and
all orders by mail or telegraph will have our
prompt attention. Special Inducements offered
The Altmayer &
Flatau Liquor Co.
all orders shipped same day received.
order ———
506, 508, 510, 512 Fourth St.
Nsa. • Macon Depot
Phone 265
Macon, Georgia,
DRUGS,
SEED,
TOILET ARTICLES,
We appreciate your past favors and now
solicit your future patronage. We keep the
best,
Drugs and Chemicals,
Paints, Oils, Etc.,
and pay strict attention to our PRESCRIPTION DEPARTMENT.
We also ask your attention to our Seed for
stock products.
Amber Cane, German Millet,
Cattail Millet,
Golden Dent, White Dent and
Pop Corn.
All other seed in season.
Eldridge Drug Stores,
407 Jackson and 319 Lamar Sts,
Phone 33.
BAGLEY GROCER CO.
SOLE AGENTS
Henry Clay Flour
Ripe Peach Tobacco*
Jones’ Lever Binders,
Mowers and Rakes.
Bagley Block Onrichite Courthouse
For Sale.
6 room house, Jackson street; everything
in good repair; sanitary sewer
age, close in, rent $8. Price $1,600.
4-room house, large lot, rent $5.00
month. Price $400.
5-room house, well located, rent
$7.50 month. Price $700.
5-room house, Church street, close
in; rent $8.00 month. Price $1,100.
100 acres, 2½ miles railroad, 3-room
house, fine pasture. Rent 2½ bales
cotton. $850.
200 acres, 2 miles of city. 60 acres in
original forest, on which there is $1,500
worth of wood. $8 acre. Cheap at $10.
Take one or more of these, if you
are looking for an investment. There
is no place as safe for your idle dollars
as real estate.
P. B. WILLIFORD.
103 Cotton Avenue,
I I I A A Morphine and Whiskey
I I I I habit treated without pain
I I I I or confinement. Cure guaranteed at Sanitarium or no
pay. B. H. WRAL, Man’gr Lithia Springs Cure
Co., Drawer A, Austell, Ga. Home treatment sent
if preferred. Correspondence strictly confidential if*

WIDESPREAD RUIN
FROM EARTHQUAKE
Western Guatemalan Coast
Scene of Desolation.
REPORTS NOT EXAGGERATED
The Volcanoes of Chingo and Santa
Maria Have Also Become Active
Again, Which Add to the Horrors of
the Great Calamity.
New York, April 23. —News of the
widespread desolation and ruin caused
by the recent earthquake is slowly
coming in, says a Guatemala City dispatch to The Herald.
Almost all the towns, villages and
plantations in the rich western part of
the republic have been destroyed.
The volcano of Chingo, on the border
of Guatemala and Salvador, has
become active again. The volcano of
Santa Maria, in the western part of
the republic, which is also in a state of eruption, has not been as active
since the earliest Spanish settlement.
It appears to have been the center
of the earthquake.
MARRIED BY TELEPHONE.
Contracting Parties Will Now Meet for
the First Time.
Cincinnati, April 23. —A Dayton, Ky.,
widow and a Hopkinsville man will
meet today for the first time after having been married over the long distance telephone in the drug store of
A. G. Goetz, Dayton, Ky. They had
never seen each other before. The telephone charges were $23.
The contracting parties were Mrs.
Gertrude Gallagher, a young widow of
Dayton, and Theodore Cohen, a merchant of Hopkinsville, Ky. The bride,
accompanied by her father, a sister
and many guests, entered the store
and requested the use of the telephone. The party took seats around
the telephone booth, the Rev. R. D.
Harding took the receiver from the
hook and asked for Hopkinsville, Ky.
The bridegroom answered. The minister propounded the usual questions
to the bridegroom, who evidently gave
satisfactory answers. The ceremony
occupied 15 minutes.
The bride was ushered into the
booth and answered the usual questions propounded by the minister at
the other end of the telephone. The
courtship had been carried on by correspondence.
CYCLONE SWEEPS MILWAUKEE.
Railroad Shops Wrecked—One Man
Probably Fatally Injured.
Milwaukee, April 23. —Late last
night the gale which swept this city
struck the Milwaukee railroad shops
at West Milwaukee, which were partly
wrecked. The destruction of the
steaming building, the demolished roof
of the pattern and cabinetmakers’
shop and flying planks were evidences
that the storm was of cyclonic force.
Thomas Redeman was blown from a
platform in the Slmore coal yard and
probably fatally injured. He sustained
a fracture of the skull.
At Seymour, Wis., the storm blew
down the smokestacks of the electric
light plant, which took fire. Lightning
struck the barn of Charles Zembeke,
who was probably fatally burned. All
his farm buildings were burned.
FORCED REBELS TO CAPITULATE.
Bocas Del Toro Again In Possession
of Government.
Colon, Colombia, April 23. —The German steamer Hercynia, which left this
port for Bocas del Toro several days
ago, with reinforcements of government troops on board, returned here
this morning and announced that Bocas del Toro, which was captured by
the insurgents April 18, is again in
possession of the government.
The timely arrival of the reinforcements on the Hercynia and a threat
of bombardment on the part of the
government gunboat General Pinzon
impelled the insurgents to capitulate
to the government forces.
Missing Girl Found Dead In Water.
New York, April 23. —While fishing
in a quarry hole 20 feet deep at Lans
dale, Pa., says a special to The American and Journal, two small boys pulled ashore the body of the 16-year-old
daughter of Albert Rosenberger. The
girl had been missing from her home
since last November. The parents,
who have hunted everywhere for her,
believe she was murdered, and that
her body was then thrown into the
quarry.
Breaker Boys Inaugurate Strike.
Hazelton, Pa., April 23. —The Hazleton mines colliery of the Lehigh Valley Coal company, employing about
500 hands, is idle today because of a
strike inaugurated by the breaker
boys this morning, following the refusal of the foreman to reinstate one of
their number who had been suspended, the company asserts, on account
of slackness of work.
Warm Weather at Philadelphia.
Philadelphia, April 23. —The temperature today was 10 degrees higher
than yesterday, the thermometer in
the United States weather bureau registering 69 degrees. This is the hottest April day this city has experienced in over 30 years.
Foley’s Kidney Cure makes kidneys
and bladder right. Don’t delay taking
John R. Hudson.

Foley’s Honey and Tar
for children, safe, sure, No opiates.

BUNG DECLARED SANE.
Will Now Be Tried for Murder Committed 18 Years Ago.
New York, April 23. —Claiming as
his right under the constitutional trial
by jury for a murder committed nearly 18 years ago. Theodore Bung, once
a wealthy druggist, has made before
Judge Marean, of the supreme court
in Brooklyn, so strong a plea for liberation from the state hospital for the
insane at Mattewan, N. Y., that the
judge has declared him sane and committed him to the warden of the
Tombs to await the trial for which he
asked.
Bung, who says he has been sane
for the last four years, was produced
in court by Dr. H. H. Allison, medical
superintendent of the asylum, in answer to a writ of habeas corpus Judge
Marean had issued to lawyers who had
taken sufficient interest in Bung to
institute the proceedings in his behalf.
Bung became insane in 1884. He
suffered from the delusion that a well
known actress was trying to make him
marry was following him from
place to place. He was then 34 years
old.
Among Bung's friends was a druggist whose name was Nockin. Bung
became a victim of the idea that Nock
in was in league with the actress and
shot him to death.
Bung was held responsible for the
murder and indicted, but a sheriff's
jury pronounced him insane. Since
that time he has been confined in the
asylum.
Bung now, after 18 years, has
appeared in court and presented such a
strong plea that the judge ordered a
jury trial on the old indictment.
PALMA AT HOLGUIN, CUBA.
Six Thousand Natives Extend President-Elect Enthusiastic Greeting.
New York, April 23. —President-elect Palma was greeted at Holguin,
Cuba, by 6,000 natives, says a dispatch
from that city to The Tribune. Three
bands led the march to the city hall.
The president’s carriage was followed
for 2 miles by the impetuous populace. Three pretty girls, carrying a
banner and wearing liberty caps, came
directly behind the American troops
which acted as an escort.
At the plaza, where the government
building is situated there were half a
dozen more bands. The square was
beautifully decorated and illuminated
and pictures of the president-elect
were everywhere. As he approached
all the bands played and 1,000 school
children sang the Cuban hymns, keeping time with American and Cuban
flags.
Speeches by Mayor Ronda, General
Palma and Senor Quesada followed
these exercises and then the Palma
party was entertained at an informal
dinner.
General Palma occupied at night the
same room in which 22 years ago he
was a prisoner. The present city hall
was at that time the palace of General
Morales of the Spanish army.
REMARKABLE OPERATION.
Piece of Dog’s Skull Grafted Upon
Human Head.
Saginaw, Mich., April 23.—Physicians of the College hospital have performed a remarkable operation, that
of grafting a piece of a dog’s skull upon a human head. The patient is
John Oldberg, of Kenton, Houghton
county. He is now recovering from
an old affliction. Oldberg’s skull was
fractured four years ago. Over the
hole, which was an inch and a half
in diameter, there formed a foreign
growth. This pressed on the brain
and caused convulsions.
When it was decided to operate on
Oldberg the doctors chloroformed a
dog and removed a piece of its skull.
The piece taken out was then implanted in the opening of Oldberg’s head.
Well Known Telegrapher Dead.
Los Angeles, Cal., April 23. —Moses
S. Springer, one of the best known
telegraph operators west of Chicago,
is dead in this city. Mr. Springer had
been employed by the Associated
Press in Sacramento and Los Angeles
for the past 8 years and had many
friends among the newspaper and telegraph fraternities. He came to the
Pacific coast from Chicago in 1894.
Will Take Over Oil Holdings.
Los Angeles, Cal., April 23. —According to a special to The Express from
Santa Barbara, where President E. S.
Ripley is staying, the Santa Fe railroad is about to take over the holdings of the Petroleum Development
company, a corporation controlling
nearly 6,500 acres of oil land in the
Kern river field, about 8 miles north of
Bakersfield.
Condition of Wilhelmina.
The Hague, April 23.— The following
bulletin was issued this morning from
Castle Loo: “Queen Wilhelmina had
a quiet night. The fall in the morning
temperature continues and the feeling
of illness is lessened. The patient is
taking sufficient nourishment.”
Lancething Adopts Majority Report.
Copenhagen, April 23.—The lands
thing, by 34 to 30 votes, today adopted
the majority report on the treaty providing for the sale of the Danish West
Indies to the United States. The
treaty now goes back to the folkthing
Funston Told Not to Speak.
Washington, April 23.—The president has telegraphed General Funston
not to speak at the Middlesex banquet
in Boston.
Itoh on human cured in 80 minutes
by Wollford’s Sanitary Lotion. This
never fails. Sold by E. J. Eldridge.
druggist, Americus, Ga.
The choicest apple is always just beyond your reach.

ROCKEFELLER GIVES
MILLIONS TO SOUTH
Munificent Gift For Educational Purposes.
WILL BENEFIT BOTH RACES
Greatest Movement for Education In
the South That Has Ever Been
Known—Robert C. Ogden Is at Head
of the Enterprise.
New York, April 23. —It was announced here today that John D. Rockefeller by the gift of $1,000,000 had
given the first large sum to what is intended to be the greatest movement
for education in the south that that
section has ever known, says the New
York World.
The gift is made to the executive
committee of the Southern Educational
conference, which meets Thursday
at Athens, Ga. The officers of the
conference, with 75 other members,
left here yesterday on their way to
the meeting.
Robert C. Ogden, of New York, is
the head of the committee and the
chief spirit of the movement. The party goes south as his guests.
Mr. Rockefeller’s gift is to be used
not alone for negro education, but
equally for the education of the blacks
and whites. It is to go into a fund
which is expected to reach many millions. and which is to be used for the
practical regeneration of the whole
southern educational system. The
movement has already begun its work
by giving substantial aid to many important schools in the south.
George Foster Peabody is treasurer
of the movement. The conference was
organized four years ago and has
grown rapidly ever since. Last year
Mr. Ogden took a party of 80 people
through the south on a special train,
John D. Rockefeller, Jr., was a member of the party.
It was well known that young Rockefeller went with the party with a
view to looking over the field and advising his father as to the movement.
The officers of the Southern Educational conference are Robert C. Ogden,
New York, president; Walter H. Page,
New York; Rev. Edward Rondthaler,
North Carolina, and Eugene C. Bran
son, Georgia, vice presidents; Rev. A.
B. Hunter, Raleigh, N. C., secretary
and treasurer.
The executive committee which is
to disburse the million contributed is
composed of Rev. Dr. H. Frissell, Professor Francis G. Peabody, Dr. Chas.
M. Osgood, Dr. Albert Shaw and W. A.
Blair. President Robert C. Ogden is
ex-officio a member of the committee,
and it is believed that on his return
from his special mission to Spain, Dr.
J. L. M. Currie will assume the active
agency to carry out the plans of the
conference.
SUPPOSED CORPSE REVIVES.
Woman Being Prepared for Burial Returns to Life.
New York, April 23. —Pronounced
dead by the family physician, a certificate of suicide by carbolic acid poisoning given by the county physician,
the customary mourning crape hung at
the front door, the undertakers about
to embalm her body and prepare it
for cremation —these were the conditions when Mrs. Amelia Hummel, 63
years of age, heaved a sigh, breathed
slightly and partly turned over on her
side at her home in New York.
The aged woman’s vitality was
remarkable. She lingered, unconscious,
several hours and then really died.
Mrs. Hummel, who was a large property holder in New York, was a cripple
and for years had suffered much. Finally she drank the poison.
Commemorating Shakespeare's Birth.
New York, April 23. —Stratford-on-
Avon is celebrating the occasion of the
festival commemorating Shakespeare’s
birth with such thoroughgoing enthusiasm that it almost amounts to an or
gie, says a London dispatch to The
Herald. The celebration began a week
and a half ago, and the festival is not
going to end for another week and a
half. The chief feature of the celebration is the usual elaborate series of
Shakespearean performances. These
take place nightly in the theater,
which is in part a memorial building
and is placed so prettily in the meadows by the riverside.
Big Mining Combine on Foot.
Colorado Springs, Col., April 23.
The Gazette says today: "A movement is on foot for what will probably be carried through within a few
weeks that will bring together into
one company, under one management
and one board of directors, with a capitalization of $60,000,000, the greatest
producing mines of the Cripple Creek
district and the Colorado Springs district.”
Four Buried In One Grave.
Milwaukee, Wis., April 23.—The
bodies of Mrs. Monica Kerzewinski
and her dead infant triplets were
buried in a single grave today. The
children were born Sunday and died
a few hours later.
To Be Tried By Courtmartial.
St. Petersburg, April 23.—A decree
just issued orders the trial by court
martial of the man who assassinated
the minister of the interior, M. Sipia
fine, on April 5.
To Build $25,000 Auditorium.
Winston-Salem, N. C., April 22. —The
last share of stock has been taken
for a $25,000 auditorium at this place
it will be the second largest auditorium in the state, the other being at
Asheville.