PAGE SIX

THE TIMES-RECORDER
ESTABLISHED 1879.
>ii«i » » -
Published by
The Times-Recorder Co., (Inc.)
Lovelace Eve, Editor and Publisher.
Entered as second class matter at the post office at
Americus, Georgia, according to the Act of Congress.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for the republication of all news dispatched
to it not otherwise credited in this paper
and also the local publication herein. All rights of
republication of special dispatches are also reserved.
National advertising rates entitled, FROST,
LANIMS & KOHN, Bramwich Bldg., New York;
Gage Chicago.
A THOUGHT
Fear not thou; for I am with
thee; Be not dismayed, for I am
thy God; I will strengthen thee, yea
I will help thee; yea, I will uphold
thee with the right hand of my
righteousness.—Isaiah 41:10.
No consecrated absurdity would
have stood its ground in this world
if the man had not silenced the objection of the child.—Mischelet.
OWNERS OF WAR SAVIES;
BE CAREFUL.
Within a fortnight the United
States treasury will pay to owners of War Savings Stamps $625,-
000,000.
That’s a tidy sum, worth the attention of business men. This flood
of ready cash turned loose in the
channels of legitimate trade and
industry, will add much prosperity
to that already enjoyed by the nation-at-large.
Treasury experts estimate these
securities about to be redeemed are
owned by several million investors.
They represent the smallest unit of
war bonds issued by the United
States government, and were taken
originally by persons of small
means. Many owners of War Savings
never before owned—or saw—a
treasury bond. Most of
them are inexperienced in financial
matters.
Fake oil stock promoters may be
classed among the shrewdest
wolves on the financial plains. They
know the inexperience of many
owners of War Savings. And, being
unscrupulous gentlemen, they
are planning to take advantage of
that fact. Hence we say to owners of these securities in Americus;
“Beware!” When glittering prospectuses reach you through the
mail or otherwise! turn them over
to your postmaster at once. Ask
him to refer the matter to the
Department of Justice for investigation. Don’t invest one nickel of
your real money in any stock
company or oil promotion scheme.
Think this over: Who have you
the most confidence in, your local
banker, or some individual engaged
in selling stock “guaranteed to
return enormous dividends,” while
money is plentiful for those with
good security in New York at 1
per cent per annum. Do you
prefer to be advised by a stranger,
or by men you know and with
whom you associate daily? Will
you be guided in making investments by such men as L. G. Council,
Frank Sheffield and George R.
Ellis, or do you prefer to entrust
your savings to strangers? When
you need financial assistance, who
supplies your need; your local
bankers, or some stranger in New
York or California?
Just now much insidious propaganda directed against savings
banks is flooding the country,
most of this propaganda is being
financed by promoters of California
and Texas oil companies.
Abner Davis, of Los Angeles,
Cal., is a leader in the attack being
directed against savings banks.
He is quoted in one of his own
advertisements as saying: “I say
to you, that no man ever got rich
drawing 4% on savings deposits.”
The phrase is a catchy one well
calculated to disarm the unwary
small investor. But let’s look into
Davis’ record as disclosed after
an examination by the National
Vigilance Committee of the Associated Advertising Clubs of the
World.
Probing into Davis’ past, the Vigilance committee found that
gentleman had promoted just seventeen stock companies—all of them
rank failures. Notwithstanding
this fact, each company found its
own list of hundreds of gullible
investors.
The trick through which Davis
gained a hold on thousands of
credulous investors was by the
presentation of a so-called scientific invention known as the “radio
scope,” which was presented as an
infallible means of locating oil
by means of radium. In his
advertising, Davis asserted that the
machine would revolutionize the oil
industry, and prospects saw visions of wealth that eclipsed the
“days of ’49.” Funds were forthcoming, but the wells located by the
machine were dry and hundreds of
investors failed in their expectations of great wealth.
For blatant self-exploitation,
the advertising of still another
promoter, “Hog Creek Carruth,” of
Fort Worth, Tex., caps the climax.
In his advertising he modestly admits that wherever men meet to
“tell stories of great achievements
of the gigantic industry (oil) some
one will always tell, amid a breathless silence, the amazing story of
‘Hog Creek Carruth’.” The only
“amazing” element in this man’s
activities in oil as disclosed by investigation is the fact that he
found credulous investors willing
to spend their money on his representation that he had paid out more
than ten thousand dollars for
every $100 invested.
Before becoming an oil field promoter, Carruth was a barber at
Desdemona. With money obtained
from friends he twice failed to
bring in a well. He then got in
touch with men who drilled on the
Duke farm at Desdemona. They
brought in the Desdemona well,
which opened up a new field. The
explorers organized the Hog Creek
Oil company, but Carruth was not
even made an officer, although he
was appointed one of several trustees. The Hog Creek company paid
good dividends to a small group of
investors.
Carruth subsequently set up in
the oil business for himself, selling $600,000 worth of stock in two
companies, under the misrepresentation that he was the discoverer of
the Desdemona field. He drilled a
dry hole for each company he organized and then turned the concerns over to the Pilgrim Oil Co.,
of Fort Worth, which makes a
business of gathering in defunct
oil concerns.
Davis and Carruth are pointed
to only as examples of the danger
of investing in concerns promising
marvelous dividends. It may be
true, as Davis declares, that “no
man ever got rich drawing 4% on
savings deposits,” but few such investors have ever lost their savings
entirely. The savings bank affords
opportunity for small investors to
earn reasonable returns upon their
money until such time as they may
be able to invest in securities which
have a ready market value, and
which should be purchased only
after a conference with your local
banker.
HAS DOZIER HILL REALLY
SOLVED WEEVIL MENACE?
Has Dozier Hill really solved
the problem of boll weevil control? He claims he has, and in this
assertion he is backed by no less an
authority than J. S. Wannamaker,
president of the American Cotton
Association. Authorities of the
federal and state departments of
agriculture are not so sanguine
concerning the Hill method. George
O. Marshall, oracle of Sumter cotton farmers, says he isn’t sure.
In fact, George says his advice is
to stick to dusting until the department of agriculture places its
stamp of approval on another
method.
Yet the Hill method presents an
interesting study. One of the
really big problems encountered in
dusting with calcium arsenate is
the scarcity of that poison. The
usually well-informed Manufacturers’ Record says that “if all the
calcium arsenate in the world today could be secured for this purpose, we would only have a sufficient quantity, as shown by the best
experts, to apply to 6,000,000 acres
of cotton, which is less than one
fifth of the cotton crop. One of
the chief virtues claimed for the
Hill method is that it requires only
about 15 per cent as much calcium
arsenate as is necessary in the
dusting method. It can be applied,
the inventor claims, at a cost of
$2.00 to $3.00 an acre.
One matter of complete difference between Hill and experts of
the department of agriculture concerning the hazards of the boll
weevil is this: Hill insists that the
boll weevil feeds not upon the
squares, forms and bolls, but that
the puncturing of these is done for
the purpose of egg-laying; that
both the male and female puncture
the squares for the purpose of
furnishing a nest for the eggs, and
that the boll weevil absolutely
feeds upon the bloom of the cotton. Until the weevil can get food
from the bloom, he sucks his food
from the tender leaves of the cotton found in the heart of the stalk.
Hill’s poison has the odor of the
cotton bloom, and he claims by applying it in the heart of the cotton stalk the weevil is attracted
there.
Applying the Hill method, one
woman living in Burke county, Ga.,
produced 17 bales of lint cotton on
15 acres. On Hill’s main plantation
of 800 acres at Gough, Ga., last
year, he raised 600 bales and his
tenants achieved like amazing results. The composition of his mixture Hill describes as ordinary molasses, calcium arsenate, “and one
secret ingredient.” The success he
has attained, apparently, warrants
a federal investigation of his
method. If Hill really has solved
the menace of the boll weevil, he
is entitled to be paid handsomely.
But his method must be made available to every farmer, at minimum
cost. No man should be permitted
to hold secret the formula of a
really successful boll weevil poison
mixture.

OLD DAYS IN AMERICUS

TEN YEARS AGO TODAY.
(From the Times-Recorder Dec. 18,
1912.)
Inman Griffin is confined to his
home here as the result of painful
injuries sustained in having been
run over by an automobile while riding upon his motorcycle out near
Rees Park.
Mr. and Mrs. Heys McMath have
returned from their bridal trip to
South Georgia points made by auto
last week and are now at home at
the residence of G. W. Riley.
Mrs. C. M. Council and son,
Charles, have gone to Macon to
spend the holidays with Mr. and Mrs.
E. J. Willingham. Mr. Council will
join them later.
Mrs. Wallis Mott and Miss Frances Chappell, of Richland, were
guests of friends while here spending yesterday in Americus.
Miss Annie Louise Norton, of Midway, Ala., is expected to arrive
today as the guest of Miss Lynn Mathis for the holidays.
While the cotton futures market
sustained a loss of ten or a dozen
points yesterday, the January position declining to 11.68 cents and
March to 12.75, spot values were
not visibly affected and in the Americus market 12 1/2 cents was paid
for the finer grade.
TWENTY YEARS AGO TODAY.
(From the Times-Recorder Dec. 18,
1902.)
Just now the average citizen is

TO THE TRAFFIC COP

BY BERTON BRALEY.
Dear officer: I understand
How much you aid the motor traffic,
I honor your uplifted hand
And all your signals, clear and graphic.
By no means do I hold you cheap;
Without you, traffic’s always tangled,
I value much the way you keep
Pedestrians from getting mangled.
But when I read your signals wrong,
As one will do on some occasion,
You needn’t make your voice so strong;
I can respond to mild persuasion.
If I am reckless, you may shout,
No doubt that carries more conviction;
But why so hoarsely bawl me out
For every minor dereliction?
I don’t intend to break the law,
And if I do—you can arrest me,
But otherwise, why break your jaw
Abusing me? If you will me
With language moderate, though stern,
You'll find it really quite effective.
Yes, honestly, you needn’t burn
My car with purple-tuned invective!
I try to do what you direct
I recognize your legal rightness.
And in return mayn’t I expect
Perhaps a little more politeness?
I’m not a crook, of wicked crimes
I am by no means a contriver;
Treat me with courtesy, at times.
I am yours truly,
Any Driver.
(Copyright, 1922, NEA Service)

TOM SIMS SAYS

People saving for a rainy day find
Christmas an annual cloudburst.
Eyeglasses are cheaper and now
you don’t have to look over the top
so you won’t wear them out.
Style hint: War graft suits are
all the rage in Washington.
Some people remind us of auto tail
lights because they only know where
they have been.
If you know a little boy and a little
girl give the girl something the
boy will enjoy breaking.
Honduras suggests a big Pan-
American League, but America
seems to get enough panning without this.
Give tight shoes. They look fine
on and feel fine off.
Once you heard of people who had
never seen a train; now you hear of
children who have never seen a
horse.
Bert Brown, of Vermont, killed a
wildcat with his hands, so Bert will
always have something to talk
about.
Percolators are suitable gifts, but
break when thrown at husbands.
Fire broke out in Wellesley, so Mr.
A. B. See, who wants girls’ schools
burned, should be happy.
Have you a man friend you dislike? Give him a misused used car.
A Utah man has two extra ribs
and should go well in a side show.
Refrigerator cars are handling
Christmas mail, so try to keep cool
until your packages come.
In Detroit, Ore., a cow eats all

THE AMERICUS TIMES-RECORDER,

figuring on where to buy the best
holiday jug, for the least money,
and right there is where R. D.
Grantham shows up confidently at
his store opposite the Allen House.
He has 1,700 gallons of fine whisky.
Miss Annie May Edwards has returned home from a visit of several
days to friends in Richland.
Rev. and Mrs. T. D. Ellis, of Guyton, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.
G. R. Ellis here, have gone to Georgetown to visit relatives.
Miss Carter and Mrs. Lizzie Rodgers are at Holliday’s book store
during the Christmas season.
Miss Florence Page is at home
again after a delightful visit to
friends in Hardeeville, S. C.
Mr. and Mrs. Lee Childers will
soon be “at home” to their friends
in a pretty residence on Prince
street. Mr. Childers purchased yesterday for a round sum the former
Brown place on Prince street and
will occupy it in January.
Hugh Mize, A. C. Burns and Lawson Stapleton are police commissioners of Americus for the full term
while between R. S. Broderick and
R. J. Perry rests the honor of the
fourth place on the board, those two
gentlemen having tied in the election.
Spot cotton sold for 8 to 8 1/2 cents
today in Americus.
THIRTY YEARS AGO TODAY.
Monday morning, no paper published.

the soapshe can find, so of course
she gives clean milk.
Radcliffe college is teaching women politics and the first lesson
should be shaking hands.
“Movies,” says a director “are a
gamble.” They usually win by a
full house.
Oregon boxer fights under the
name of Broken Blossom and some
day may have a nose like a rose.
Two dozen jugs for putting liquids
in make excellent gifts.
Have you a girl friend you dislike?
Why not give her a vanity case
without a mirror?
Man named Skjellerup has found a
new comet. Overseas vets will think
he is kin to “alleyup.”
Reader asks if a bald man has a
permanent wave to his hair. Yes.
Wives are often better men than
their husbands.
Most auto wrecks are nervous
wrecks.
HANDY ANDY
seemed to know everything. When
bedbugs were found in the house
it was Handy Andy who knew what
to use. He bought Royal Guaranteed Bed Bug Liquid and cleared
them out quickly. He had seen them
use it one time in a hotel where they
were compelled to get rid of them.
Get a 25c can today. Sold and guaranteed by Cartwell Drug Co. adv.

RUSSIA’S PORTION AT LAUSANNE

REMEDY.
FOR THE RELIEF OF *
Coughs, Colds, Croup
WHOOPING COUGH, HOARSENESS,
BRONCHITIS)
-SOLD EVERYWHERE-
VINSOL—51 cents
LOANS made on improved farm lands
at cheapest rates for term of 5, 7 or
10 years with pre-payment option
given. Money secured promptly. We
have now outstanding over $1,100,-
000 on farms in Sumter County
done, with plenty more to lend.
MIDDLETON & McDONALD
Correspondent Atlanta Trust Company in Sumter, Lee, Terrell, Schley,
Terrell Counties. 21 Planters Bank
Vienna, Stewart, Randolph and Webster. Americus, Ga. Phone 89 or
111.
LESLIE-AMERICUS BUS
Phones:
Americus 40 Leslie 14
Leaves Americus 11 a.m. and 4 p.m.
120 Windsor Ave.
Leaves Leslie 8 a.m. and 1 p.m.
Passengers, Packages and Small
Freight Handled
50c Cash
For Five Minutes Time
We propose to sell you
a Tire for less than you
can get it anywhere else
in town, or pay 50c
Cash for your time in
vestigating our prices.
LESLIE BUS LINE
120 Windsor Ave
For Quick Service
And
HEAVY HAULING
PHONE 303
P. L. WOOTTEN
CLARK’S TRANSFER

RAILROAD SCHEDULE
Arrival and Departure of Passenger
Trains, Americus, Ga.
The following schedule figures
published as information and not
guaranteed:
CENTRAL OF GEORGIA RY.
Arrive Leave
11:55 p.m. Columbus-Chgo 3:45 a.m.
10:35 p.m. Albany-Montg’y 5:14 a.m.
7:21 p.m. Macon-Atlanta 6:37 a.m.
1:55 p.m. Albany-Montg’y 2:14 p.m.
2:14 p.m. Macon-Atlanta 1:55 p.m.
10:15 a.m. Columbus 3:15 p.m.
6:37 a.m. Albany 7:21 p.m.
5:14 a.m. Macon-Atlanta 10:35 p.m.
3:45 a.m. Albany-Jaxville 11:55 p.m.
2:58 a.m. Albany-Jaxville 12:37 a.m.
12:37 a.m. Chgo, St. L. Atla 2:58 a.m.
2:06 a.m. Cinti & Atlanta 1:50 a.m.
FLORIDIAN
ALL-PULLMAN, Tri-Weekly
11:10 p.m. Cols & Chicago 12:40 p.m.
12:40 p.m. Albany & Tax 11:10 p.m.
North Bound Tuesday, Thur, Sat.
South Bound Wed., Fri., Sun.
SEABOARD AIR LINE
(Central Time)
Arrive Departs
10:05 a.m. Cordele-Helena 5:15 p.m.
12:26 p.m. Cols.-Montg’y. 3:10 p.m.
3:10 p.m. Cordele-Savh. 12:26 p.m.
5:15 p.m. Richland-Cola 10:05 a.m.

All 4 3/4 Per Cent U. S. Victory Notes bearing
the distinguishing letters A, B, C, D, E, or F
prefixed to their serial numbers, are called for
redemption on December 15, 1922, at which
time they will cease to bear interest. We shall
be pleased to assist you with your bond transactions, and we invite you to make use of our
banking facilities.
BANK OF COMMERCE
Americus, Ga.
Organized October 13, 1891.
L. G. COUNCIL, President. T. E. BOLTON, Asst. Cashier,
C. M. COUNCIL, V.-P. and Cashier. J. E. KIKER, Asst. Cashier
The Planters Bank of Americus is
(Incorporated)
SERVICE
That anticipates your financial
needs. Service that expands to meet your requirements as they increase, is
the service you may expect
from our bank.
With our ability to serve you we invite
your account.
The Bank With a Surplus
RESOURCES OVER $1,700,000
PROMPT, CONSERVATIVE, ACCOMMODATING
No Account Too Large; None Too Small
UNDERTAKING CO. AMERICUS
Established 1908. CO. UNDERTAKING CO.
THOMAS C. MALONE Funeral Director,
Embalmer and Manager
NAT LEMASTER, Manager
Prompt Service
Up-to-Date Equipment Dispensing 8 and 231
North Main Street Phone 666 Night 661
MONEY LOANED on farm lands at 6 per cent. Interest and borrowers have privilege of
Paying part or all of principal at any interest period, stopping
interest on amounts paid. We always have best rates and easiest
terms and quickest service. Save money by seeing or writing
our charge of home office of the Empire Loan & Trust Co,
G. R. ELLIS or G. C. WEBB,
Empire Bldg. Americus, Ga.
(Formerly Commercial City Bank Building.)
UNUSUAL PRINTINGS
TIMES-RECORDER
Phone 99
HELPLESS! We would be helpless to protect you AFTER an
accident, but we can help you today—the day before. Today
the day to protect yourself FULLY with insurance.
HERBERT EAWKINS.
Phone 186 14-16 Planters Bank Bldg.

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1922.