PAGE TWO

BUDGET SYSTEM IS
HEMMED
Senator Graham, of 46th, Says
Trim Appropriations and
Reduce Number of Employees
DOUGLAS, Ga.—(By Associated Press)—A budget system and a “proper accounting” of all funds handled by state institutions and departments are needed more in Georgia than tax reform, Senator E. L. Grantham, of the sixth district, stated tonight in discussing subjects to be considered at the extraordinary session of the Georgia Assembly next month.

“We need to trim some of the appropriations that are made in the state and trim some of the departments of unnecessary employees,” he said. “I think when we get at the real evil in the state of Georgia, we will not find it so much in the lack of a proper tax system, but in the lack of state’s affairs being administered in an economical, systematic and businesslike way.

“While there may be some need of changing the system of taxes in this, I doubt seriously the wisdom of making an absolute change in the present system. Personally, I think the ad valorem law, with possible amendment or two, would be all the tax law that we need for the state of Georgia. I would not think it unwise to enact a limited income tax with certain exemptions, and possibly reduce the rate of ad valorem taxes for the state and allow the taxpayer credit on his income tax for his ad valorem tax.

“With reference to a great many of the tax laws that have been advocated, I am absolutely opposed to them. I do not think that a sales tax would be proper; neither do I believe a classification tax could solve the problem and a severance tax would not bring a sufficient amount of money to relieve the situation. While I have not always thought the tax equalization law

We will place on sale tomorrow morning, the 31st, about 100 pieces of hand-painted china, drummers samples, bought 33 1/3 per cent less than wholesale price, which we will sell at wholesale price. Hightower’s Book Store. 30-11.

Chesterfield
After the fastest-stepping cigarette in the country?
Chesterfield Cigarettes

Arnet-Battle Wedding
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Arnett announce the marriage of their daughter, Susie Irene, to Mr. Lottie Atkins Battle, the wedding having been solemnized Sunday. Mr. and Mrs. Battle are at home to their friends at the home of the bride in Brooklyn Heights.

EAST AMERICUS CIRCLE
TO MEET WEDNESDAY
A meeting of the First Baptist sewing circle will be held Wednesday afternoon at three o’clock, at the home of Mrs. A. R. Stone, on Oglethorpe avenue. Every member is cordially invited to be present.

Miss Mae Ellen Stanley has returned from Macon where she spent several days with Miss Frances Jones.

Mr. and Mrs. N. S. Curtis, of Goal Trio, Ala., are the guests of Mr. and Mrs. Willis Hawkins, at their home in the Fort Apartments.

D. E. Heyward, who was assistant superintendent of the Farmer’s Cotton Oil Co. for some time, has gone to Los Angeles, Cal., where he will be connected with the California Cotton Oil Co. Mrs. Heyward and young son will leave in a few weeks to join Mr. Heyward in making their home in Los Angeles.

Miss Eleanor Ross, who is studying at La Grange Female College, was best and was perfect by any means, yet I do not see how we could get along without the act, or some similar measure to force taxpayers to give in their property at a proper value.”

The senator predicted no free text book bill would be passed by the assembly next month. He said he was opposed to it on the ground that it was an “unwise law” and one which would not encourage thrift.

This year, spent Sunday with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Janie Ross, at their home on Barlow street.

Mrs. A. A. Morrell, of Detroit, Mich., is the guest of Mrs. Cobb Milner, at her home on Furlow street.

Mrs. W. A. Dodson and Miss Georgia Benn Dodson have returned from Macon, where they have been visiting Mrs. Gus Sparks, for several weeks.

Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Lee, and children, Stanley, of Millen, are visiting Mr. and Mrs. Roy Park at their home on Jackson street.

Frank Lanier, L. G. Council, Lovelace Eve and Hall Westbrook, motored to Albany this morning to spend the day (circus day) looking after very important business matters.

Mrs. H. H. Phillips is improving from an attack of appendicitis at the home of her mother, Mrs. J. B. Sapp, on Lamar street, and it is expected that the contemplated operation may now be averted.

Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hines and two daughters, Volie and Hazel, of Pinehurst, were guests Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Logan at their home in Brooklyn Heights.

Maude Holliday, the little daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Holliday, is suffering from an attack of typhoid fever at her home in Brooklyn Heights.

Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Godfrey, and young son, who have been residing at the home of Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Royal on Brown street, now have apartments at Miss Carrie Speer’s on Jackson street.

Miss Christine Martin spent the week-end near Vienna with her sister, Miss Robbie Martin, who is teaching in one of the consolidated schools in Dooly county.

BODY OF MRS. WESTON
WILL BE BURIED HERE
Sister of Mrs. T. H. McGillis
And Former Resident Here,
Died at Luverne Home
Mrs. T. H. McGillis received a telegram today announcing the death of her sister, Mrs. Lillie Adams Weston, which occurred at midnight Monday night at her home in Luverne, Ala., death following a short illness.

The funeral services were held in Luverne this afternoon from the home of her son, W. M. Weston, in Luverne, and the remains will be brought to Americus Wednesday afternoon, reaching here at 2:14 p.m., and will be carried directly to Oak Grove cemetery for interment.

Rev. John M. Cutler, pastor of the First Methodist church, will conduct the exercises at the grave.

Surviving are her husband, Rev. J. W. Weston; one son, W. M. Weston, of Luverne, with whom deceased made her home; two daughters, Mrs. Wright Mixon, of Abbeville, and Mrs. E. W. Wilcox, of Ridgeland, Ala.; two grandchildren, John G. Sessoms, Jr., and Miss Lillian Sessoms of Luverne, who made their home with her; four sisters, Mrs. Neal Jeffords, of Sylvester; Mrs. Lannie Adams Gard, of Clayton; Mrs. Dennis Thomas, of Lulah, Fla., and Mrs. T. H. McGillis, of Americus, and one brother, Ross Adams, of Ormond, Fla. Besides these near relatives, there are a number of grandchildren and a large and prominent family connection.

Mrs. Weston, who was about 70 years of age, was a former resident of Americus, and has many friends here who will learn of her passing with deepest regret.

NEW CABINET FORMED
SOON FOR TURK STATE
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 30. It is believed that either Ismet Pasha or Fevzi Bey, the chief of staff, will form a new cabinet as a result of the meeting of the popular party on Saturday. At the meeting, which was stormy, the premier asserted that great discord existed in the national assembly and when an explanation by the cabinet was demanded he refused to give it. The premier was severely criticized.

Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Oliver announce the birth of a son, Oct. 21st, at their home on Felder street who has been given the name of Hamilton Chapman Oliver.

MRS. SALLIE HUMPHREYS
DIES FROM HER INJURIES
MOULTRIE, October 30.—Mrs. Sallie Humphreys, widow of the late Judge W. S. Humphreys, 70 years old, for many years a widely known South Georgia lawyer, is dead at a local hospital as the result of injuries received in an automobile accident. Her car was being driven by her son, Sheilie Humphreys, and collided with another machine on a country road about 18 miles from Moultrie. She was brought here for treatment and from the first it was known that her condition was serious.

Mrs. Humphreys was prominent in church and club work. She was one of the organizers of the local U.D.C. chapter and the Worth-While club, serving as the first president of the former organization.

SENATOR BROOKHART
VISITS FT. BENNING
COLUMBUS, Oct. 30.—Senator Smith W. Brookhart, of Iowa, is visiting the United States infantry school at Fort Benning, as the guest of the officials of the post and is at the home of Colonel Bjornstad, assistant commandant.

Senator Brookhart slipped into Columbus unobserved during Monday, coming with a stranger by automobile from Opelika, Ala.

SUBMARINE SUNK SUNDAY
RAISED TWO RESCUED
PANAMA, Oct. 30. The American submarine O-5, which was sunk in a collision with the steamer Abangarez Sunday, was raised shortly after 1 o’clock yesterday afternoon.

Chief Electricians Lawrence Brown and Torpedoman Henry Breault were rescued alive from the hull and taken to the Colon hospital. No trace was found of the three other missing men. It is thought Brown and Breault may recover.

AGGIE SENIORS GIVE
HALLOWE’EN DINNER
The senior home economics class of the Third District Agricultural College entertains Wednesday evening with a Hallowe’en dinner in the dining room of the school. The guest list to include those merchants of the city who have contributed advertising space on the Aggie picture screen for the benefit of the curtain fund for the auditorium. On the 10th, a Symbolic Witch will be let loose of the departments and other details of the dinner will exemplify the spirit of the season. The dinner will be served at 8 o’clock.

500 acres in pimentos
bringing good prices
OCTOBER 30
Butts County which this year gave more than 1,500 acres in pimento peppers, are showing selling the green peppers for shipment to the Eastern markets. All fine Macon Pimento Peppers will be shipped to Macon, as per contracts, but as there is quite a large amount of pepper that will not ripen before frost advantage is being taken of the market in the Eastern cities. A company of local citizens is handling the shipments and the sales are proving of considerable benefit to the growers. Pimento peppers have been grown on a large and successful scale in Butts County this season. The crop has proved the growers appear to be well pleased with the returns received. Pepper of a high standard has been produced here and the contracting company is reported to be well pleased with the quality of the product, and has indicated that another large acreage will be contracted for during the 1924 season.

CASES FLOOD COURT
MACON, Oct. 30.—A great many cases charged with violation of the federal prohibition act have been tried here in federal district court by Judge William K. Barrett. Many of the men were freed on one charge only to be convicted on another and heavily fined.

Given Away Free, Nov. 3rd, at 8 p.m. 50 Dayton Motor Bike and 40 sacks of high patent flour. For the accommodation of our trade and to avoid too big a rush Saturday, we will be open evenings this week until 8:30. What others pay for high rent, we give the benefit of in cheaper prices to our trade. W. T. McMath, 514 Church St. 30-1t

International Live Stock
Exhibit
CHICAGO, ILL.
December 1-8 1923
On account of the above-mentioned exhibit, excursion tickets will be on sale to the public November 20 to December 2, 1923, inclusive. Final limit December 11. Fare and one-half for the round trip.

For total fares, schedules, sleeping car reservations, etc., apply to H. C. White, Ticket Agent, Americus, Ga.

Central of Georgia
Railway
The Right Way

Sim HEM
WHO TIMED Gil
Assault Attempted On White Woman —Hundreds of Men Combing Woods
METTER, Oct. 30.—Search for Jim Easley, Jr., a 21-year-old negro suspect wanted in connection with an attempted assault upon a 30-year-old white woman in the heart of town here Monday night, went on Tuesday night, but posses made up of officers and citizens reported they had not yet found the black.

Track dogs and hundreds of men are penetrating the swamps for miles around this place in effort to pick up the trail of the negro. The hunt kept up throughout last night and all of today, and tonight the posses showed no sign of abandoning the pursuit.

The negro Easley is suspected of attacking the wife of a well-known citizen in front of her residence, inflicting a knife wound on her hand before he was frightened away by neighbors.

Easley, according to the woman’s story to local authorities, knocked on the back door of her residence last night shortly before 8 o’clock. He asked if her husband was in, that he wanted to see him.

Upon being told that her husband was at church, the negro went around to the front door and entered the house. The woman quickly obtained a pistol and frightened him away. He soon returned, however, armed with a knife, she said.

She ran out in the front yard where he overtook her. They struggled, and she was thrown down and the pistol wrested from her. In doing so, the negro inflicted a bad cut on her hand.

By this time, the woman’s screams had attracted the attention of neighbors, who came quickly to her rescue. Her attacker fled.

Investigation developed that Jim Easley, Jr., 21-year-old negro, answered the description by the woman and that he has not been seen by his family since the time of the attempted assault.

PINKSTON
$29.50
For Dresses Worth To
$55.00
The O
fL Dress p' M
Sale WF
Unusual
Distinctive Frocks of the better sort
“Unusual! A group of Dresses from our own stocks, each selected for its charm. From such makers as The House of Youth—Marion—Muriel. For the many daytime occasions of the fall season, Thanksgiving—the annual football game, you will want such frocks as these.

Read’s Poiret Twill
Navy-Tans-Browns
Sizes 14—16—18—20 Only
The Original Price Tags Read $45.00 to $55.00

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1923

Piano
Work
During my 36 years residence in Americus I have, by close attention to details and careful work, built up a nice business in piano tuning, adjusting and repairing for my patrons in Americus and in the other towns and country surrounding, and take this method of announcing myself a candidate for any work in my line. Mail your orders to my Americus address and your work will receive prompt attention.

L. D. LOCKHART,
Americus, Ga.