PAGE SIX

TIMES-RECORDER
PUBLISHED 1879
Published by
- Times-Recorder Co., (Inc.)
Lovelace Eve, Editor and Publisher
Entered at second class matter at the post office
at Americus, Georgia, according to the Act of
Congress.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to
the use for the republication of all news dispatches
credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper
and also the local news published herein. All rights of
republication of special dispatches are not reserved.
National Advertising Representatives, FROST
TILDIS & KOHN, Brunswick Bldg., New York;
Peoples’ Gas Bldg., Chicago

A 1 bought

Woe unto them that rise up early
in the morning that they may fol
low strong drink; that continue un
til night, till wine inflame them.—
Isa. 5:11.

It were better for a man to be
subject to any vice than to drunk
enness; for all other vanities and
sins are recovered, but a drunkard
will never shake off the delight of
beastliness—Sir Walter Raleigh.

COMMITTEE'S REPORT

NO SURPRISE TO
ANY ONE.

The special committee of Representatives and Senators,
appointed to “investigate” Mr. J. J. Brown,
commissioner of agriculture completely exonerates him of
charges of illegalities, irregularities and undue political
activities while in office.

The most the committee did was
to hop on to poor old Grover Edmondson, who now has no
Watson to defend him.

Representative Stewart failed utterly to come across on his
charges against Brown.

And the report of the committee could just as well have been
written before the legislature adjourned. It was exactly what
was expected. Nothing more, nothing less.

That Commissioner Brown was not guilty of the charge preferred
by Stewart we felt confident, and said as much some time ago.
That Mr. Brown is guilty of unethical political activities, there is
no doubt in our minds. He is one of the most astute politicians in
the South, possessing one of the most efficient political machines
the state has ever known, and he knows how to use that financial
power, brother.

Our fight has never been on BROWN, but on the whole
darned DEPARTMENT. It should be abolished and whatever
function it does perform, should be left to the State College of
Agriculture.

The state would save by the change thousands and thousands of
dollars annually and we would secure results that would soon take
Georgia from the foot of the class of Southern States.

The Macon Telegraph thinks that it is the system itself on
which the Department is founded and conducted that is not in
keeping with enlightened government and intelligent political
economy.

Says the Telegraph:

“Of course, the present Commissioner of Agriculture is not
responsible for the system. He did not create it; he inherited
it. When he came into office, the hundreds of positions existed.
He found an army of inspectors, and himself the general. Few
generals voluntarily suggest that their army be disbanded, unless
at the end of a war, and even then it is doubtful. And still fewer
politicians demand that a great political machine that they
inherited be scattered to the wind or turned into an organized
machine against them.”

After all, the solution rests with the Legislature. That body
does not require any investigating committee to inform them
what is needed. The members of the Georgia General Assembly
are fairly well-informed men. They know the situation without
additional inquiry. It is hardly necessary to bring sensational
charges and prove them: it even does not matter greatly if they
are not proven. The Legislators certainly must know that the
system is wrong, faulty, arbitrary, wasteful, political, undemocratic
and opposed to sane and good government.

The Legislators can change the system. They can remedy the
Department. They can save the State, the people, the farmers
money. They can stop the leaks. They can reorganize those
sections of the State Government that are antiquated. The Georgia
State Government is really the Legislature. By political manipulation,
however, the heads of the various Departments have usurped
functions or gained control of the Legislature until these
Departmental heads are themselves the State Government; and the
General Assembly—the House and Senate—are their Punch and Judy.

It is hoped we will not be misunderstood. This is not said to be
sarcastic. It is not put forth to overstate the situation. It is an
attempt to state fact. The agricultural Department or the Prison
Department—the two work hand in hand—will say, “Punch do this,”
or “Punch, do that” and Punch does this or that. Never were
manikins better trained. The people are not blind to the fact but
much alive to it.

Senator Brown of over Athens way ignored the strength and
power of the Department: he knows now what will happen to
a Legislator who does such. A gentleman who makes laws must
be careful.

There will be no relief from the present Legislature. No change in
the system need be expected until there are sent to the legislature
and governor’s chair men who are fearless, men who are just ordinary
business men, there to serve their state and not themselves.
So long as nine out of ten of those who go “to Atlanta,” go there
to prepare to run for governor or are seeking some other office, just
so long as nine out of ten of these chine fatten off the vitals of the
state.

Once Georgia really awakes out will go the whole caboodle, from
top to cellar.

NOT HOW LONG
BUT HOW WELL
WE HAVE LIVED

After all is said, it is not so much a question of how long we
live, but how well we have lived while sojourning “here below.”
And each day add this to your prayer: “Oh, Lord, help me to
grow old gracefully.

About 200 years ago Richard Bradley published a “Family
Dictionary” in which he said: “To attain to an advanced and even
extreme old age, take three pounds of rosewater, five ounces of
orange and lemon dried in the shade, nutmeg, clove and cinnamon,
of each three ounces; a pound of red roses that have been
gathered two days, a pinch of laurel leaves; put all these together
with some rosewater, bed upon bed, into a glass of limbeck, distill
them very gently with a Bath-Mary, and keep the water that
comes out for your use.”

This concoction according to Bradley, would prolong life and
meantime effect all the cures for infirmities and disorders ever
claimed for any patent medicine by a street quack.

There are many home brewers ambitious enough to attempt to
manufacture Bradley’s formula, no doubt. He had other formulas
for living to a ripe old age—and played them up so strongly that
it is evident the folks of 220 years ago were as keen for long life as
eager observers of monkey gland experiments.

Life is a merry-go-round, the same old things over and over
again in different disguises in succeeding generations.

Death and Trouble seem to ignore the campaigns against them.
The trouble with these attempts to find a method of making people
live 150 or more years is that, even if scientists discovered how,
no one would live up to the rules. It’s like going to a doctor. We
want him to give us a pill and send us away magically cured. If
Doc prescribes starvation diet, a long course of bitter medicine or
hard physical exercise, the patient is likely to consider the cure
worse than the disease.

After all, we’re kidding ourselves about wanting to live 200
years or so. Most of us are ready to quit at 70, tired, bored.

EDITORIAL
COMMENT

IT HAS ITS MERITS

Bill Biffem in Savannah Press says in Augusta a man suggested
a $5 poll tax for Georgia when the Tax Commission met there.
At last accounts the boys hadn’t caught him, because he managed
to get over into South Carolina.

The Waycross Journal replies:
“A $5 poll tax for the voters of both sexes has more merits than
some tax suggestions we have heard from men, who, judging by
the office they hold, should have pretty good judgment.

AND SO FORTH

Gasoline is selling for 9 cents a gallon in Texas. We pay 22
here in South Georgia. The difference is freight, state tax, and
so forth. The “and so forth” is an important item, for it includes
evaporation, leakage, John D. Rockefeller’s pin money and a
lot of other things.—Albany Herald.

For the old days have forgotten that girls didn’t wear silk stock
ings then.” The chances are about 100 to 1 that the fellow in
the old days didn’t know what sort of stockings the girls were
wearing, and considered that it was none of his business, which
it wasn’t. —Columbus Enquirer

" THE " AMERICUS TIMES-RECORDER

Copyright, 1923, by
N. E. A. Service Berton Braley

THE MECHANIC SPEAKS—Braley—20

Maybe I’m “gross, material and blind,”
Maybe my soul’s become “commercialized,”
But I’ll admit, somehow, I cannot find
What evil lurks in being “standardized.”
Standardized tools make work a simpler thing,
Standardized roads and railways give to man
Broader horizons, greater scope and bring
New wonders for his seeking eyes to scan.
“Standardization” gives a million men
What often a thousand at the most, might own.
It multiplies again and yet again
Comforts that would be otherwise unknown.
It adds new speed to thought, new breadth to dreams.
Lightens the load of weariness and toil,
Makes steel the beast of burden, and redeems
The plowman from his bondage to the soil.
It does not tie men to material things,
But makes them serve him in a better way;
Gives toilers leisure for the thoughts of kings,
For books and music, laughter, love and play,
“Standardized thought?” Ah yes, I’ve heard the phrase,
It sounds like something ominous, in sooth—
Yet since the first beginning of his days
Man’s thought has struggled for a standard—Truth!

(Copyright, 1923, NEA Service, Inc.)

OLD DAYS IN AMERICUS

TEN YEARS AGO TODAY

Monday morning, no paper published.

TWENTY YEARS AGO TODAY

(From the Times-Recorder, October 13, 1903.)

Mrs. C. C. Hawkins left yesterday for Atlanta, where she will be
the guest of relatives while spending some time at the Atlanta fair.
The many friends of Mrs. George Turpin rejoice at her recovery from
a recent severe attack of typhoid fever of several weeks duration.
Mrs. Frank P. Harrold is at home again after a delightful summer’s
trip including recently a pleasant stay in New York City.
Mrs. U. B. Harrold, of Americus, spent yesterday in Savannah attending
the annual stockholders meeting of the Central of Georgia Railway.
The cotton market was slightly better yesterday. Nine cents is still
the ruling price, while receipts continue to fall off considerably.
Rev. R. F. Neighbor will remove his gospel tent next week from
East Americus to the vacant lot opposite the fire department to spend
some time.
These chilly days forcibly remind one that summer has vanished, and
that the time to part with $6 for a single ton of coal is close at hand.

THIRTY YEARS AGO TODAY

(From the Times-Recorder, October 13, 1893.)

Early yesterday afternoon Merra

TOM SIMS SAYS:

News from Pittsburgh, Health officials run all goats out. Wonder
if it includes husbands?

Pittsburgh doctors goats carry germs. How about goatees?
Are there germs in soup?

Health authorities say all goats must leave Pittsburgh. It will cut the
population in half.

Possibly hearing our plea not to make goats of cows. Pittsburgh has
even banished goat milk.

Since goats are taboo in Pittsburgh who buy oil stock there?
Bad Los Angeles news today. Movie director robbed of $17,000.
Whole week’s pay gone.

Imagine a movie director borrowing $10,000 until he gets his
paycheck Saturday night?

Philippine elections went against General Wood. Certainly are
knocking on Wood there.

King of Denmark risked his own life to save a sailor. There is nothing
rotten in Denmark.

A New York man who locked his son in a cellar two weeks will be
locked in a jail 60 days.

Earthquake hit Pyrenees mountains, which were named after
toothpaste or fire extinguishers.

German cabinet has resigned. Things are so quiet over there now
you can hear a bomb drop.

Esquimaux’s long silent winter begins this month. So quiet there you
can hear a gumdrop.

Berrien Springs (Mich.) thieves walked away with 1600 shoes.
Girls’ shoes have thicker soles now. One pair will last back from
10,000 auto miles.

Ludendorf says he is Germany. It can’t be true. He isn’t hungry
and broke and in debt.

Working is good exercise if it doesn’t develop a grouch.

A. J. Buchanan, Gene Everitt, A. S. Thompson, E. J. Brown and R.
F. Nehring secured a large two-horse wagon and started forth to
collect the provisions donated by the Americus people to the sufferers
in Brunswick.

Mr. and Mrs. Thomas M. Allen have announced to their friends the
marriage of their daughter, Miss Bessie Allen, to Mr. K. M. Mc-
Donald. The marriage will be happily solemnized at the residence of
Mr. Allen, on Forrest street, at 3 o’clock p. m. Wednesday October
18th. Miss Allen is a young woman of many charming characteristics
and has ever been a great favorite in Americus. Her approaching
marriage to the worthy and popular man of her choice will be quite
a social event in our city, and a host of friends tender congratulations.

Mrs. W. H. C. Dudley, Miss Mamie Dudley, and Mr. Will Dudley left
yesterday for Chicago where they will spend several days viewing the
attractions at the greatest of world’s Fairs.

Our Baptist friends have built a church at the cost of over $35,000.
Pious men and women have practiced no little self-denial in order
to make good their subscription pledges, and secure completion
a debt of $11,000 was contracted on the 17th of the present month.
$1,000 will fall due, besides $385 interest.

It is getting so you have to look on the back page to see whom the
Chinese bandits captured.

Morgantown (W. Va.) hen lays twice daily. Trouble with this
world is we work too hard.

Built a house of packed sawdust in Hoquiam, Wash. Sawdust is
fine wood. Read it again.

News from Chicago. Judge Sabbath won a golf cup. That’s all
right. He won it on Friday.

Corn sold over a dollar a bushel in Chicago. We said over a dollar
a bushel, not a quart.

Buffalo man had stomach taken out without anesthetic. Perhaps he
was raised on green apples.

Statistics show marriages are growing fewer. Just the same they
don’t seem far between.

Cowboy shot a barber in New York. Another trouble with this
world is we talk too much.

Scientists are back millions of years without knowing if the egg
or the dinosaur came first.

Three Smiles

INEVITABLE

“Howdy, Sam, how is your boy?”
“Tolerable, tolerable.”
“Seed him last night, and I noticed something powerful strange
about him yassuh, powerful strange.”
“He can’t help it, Pete. Don’t blame him. That’s his wife.”

SPECIFIED

“A woman,” marked the man who got his education out of
books, “is a delicate creature and should be handled with gloves.”
“Yes,” chuckled the guy who got his the other way, “boxing
gloves.”

TOTALLY WASTED

Insurance agent: “The policy would protect you, too, in case
your wife should die.”
Mr. Meekleigh: “But in that case I wouldn’t need protection.”

TABOO

In various states the campaign continues, to prevent teaching the
scientific doctrine of evolution in the schools, on the ground that
evolution is contrary to the Bible.

On the other hand, in 10 states the Bible is not permitted to be
read in the public schools, says William R. Hood, specialist in
school legislation.

Six states require a daily Bible reading in school. Six other states
permit it. In 19 states and the District of Columbia, the law is silent
on the subject. In other states, the law is silent, but courts have ruled
in favor of the Bible.

PRAYER

One of the most amazing phases of human nature is the scheming
by which men in thousands of different ways try to make money.
There seems to be no limit to these schemes.

In London, England, the police find a man posing as a clergyman,
making hundreds of dollars a week by selling prayers. He has a place
of business. For a fixed sum of money he’ll pray for what his customers
want. Police describe him as “extraordinarily successful.”

BURDEN

Immediately after the Civil War there was one political office holder
to every 1000 persons in the United States. Today there is an office
holder for every 72 people, observes William Clerkin, Akron business
man.

If this develops to its logical conclusion, eventually everybody will be
on the government payroll. But the pendulum will swing in the
opposite direction. Taxpayers can stand just so much, no more.

HERO

“Can’t we have a stage hero who remains poor?” demands Paul M.
Pearson, president of the International Lyceum and Chautauqua
Association. “Can’t we have a hero who toils terribly rather than the
hero who wins easily and always makes money?”

No, Mr. Pearson, we cannot. There are too many such “heroes”
in every day life. When we go to the theater we want to see life as
we’d like it, not as it is. The man in the ticket office knows it.

NORTHWARD

More negroes in Chicago now than in New Orleans or Baltimore.
In 1910 Chicago had only 44,000 negroes. The figure now is estimated
as high as 200,000.

Other northern cities have had a similar increase, though not on as
large a scale. It is part of a definite, racial movement, and it is
leaving the South with a difficult labor problem.

HALF

You read a lot about the American farmer’s struggle for his fair
share of prosperity. Farmers are having pretty much the same difficulty
in other countries.

The outcome is hard to predict. But the reaction, when it comes,
will be mighty. Half of the world’s workers are engaged in agriculture,
our government finds on checking up. In America only 29 percent.

Farming still is the basic industry, as important as all other industries
combined. Ask the starving man.

GOOD WEATHER FOR
GOOD MEATS

Ours are the best. These choice cuts of Veal, Pork and Beef
Steaks and Roasts are most appetizing now. Let us pick them for
you.

Season for Pork Sausage, Apalachicola Oysters and Winter Trout
is at hand. We will have you in a day or two.

Don’t forget we are on the job. Think what you would like to have
today. Call phone 181.

We Can Please You.

DR. S. F. STAPLETON
VETERINARIAN
Office in Chamber of Commerce
Phone 8
Residence Phone 171

IF YOU KNEW
how much whiter and larger your diamonds would look in the
new styles of platinum and white gold you would have them
changed at once.

Come in and let us show you.
Americus Jewelry Co.
Phone 229 Wallis Mott, Mgr.

KINDERGARTEN

Buy T-B 15th and 16th
SEEDS
County Agent and Party Will
Visit Concord, Shiloh, New
Era and Andersonville Friday
Georgia O. Marshall, county farm demonstration agent, announced
today the dates upon which he will visit various sections of the county
this week to present to the farmers the necessity of destroying all
cotton stalks early. “There is no use in the world waiting another minute
to begin this work,” said Mr. Marshall today. “If we are going to starve
the weevil out this winter we will have to begin early this fall.
Kill the cotton stalks while they are green and furnishing the weevil
with food, and you send the insects into winter quarters hungry.
Few of those forced into hibernation before they get their stomachs
full will survive the winter season.”

The necessity of beginning this work now and making the effort
universal throughout the county is being stressed by the county agent
at urgent request of a number of big farmers, bankers and business
men. Recently he has visited Plains, Leslie, Thalean, Thompson
and Pleasant Grove, and in all of these communities the farmers as a
unit have agreed to begin at once the destruction of stalks in their
cotton fields. On his visits to these schools, Mr. Marshall has
been accompanied by a number of Americus business men who are
vitally interested in the problem of starving out the boll weevil, and
all of whom have been greatly encouraged by the hearty enthusiasm
with which Sumter county farmers have lined up behind the proposition.

Points to be visited this week by Mr. Marshall and his party of
“stalk killers” and the date on which each will be visited are announced
today as follows:

Concord, Monday October 15, 7:30 P. M.
Shiloh.—Tuesday, October 16, 7:30 P. M.
New Era.—Wednesday, October 17, 7:30 P. M.
Andersonville.—Friday, October 19, 7:30 P. M.

“Come to Neel’s Auction Sale of forty high-class registered Jerseys
October 22nd, Thomasville, Ga.”

FOR QUICK SERVICE AND
HEAVY HAULING PHONE
WOOTTEN TRANSFER CO.
Office in Americus, Steam Dry BBS
SOUTH JACKSON STREET

L. G. COUNCIL, President
C. M. COUNCIL, V.-P.

The Planter®

RELIABLE
PROMPT,
No Account

TH
Buy
it At
And Y.
Only K
Counts.
Nort
the be
jutted
and T
lilac
excel
Monday
40-1
nfl
day fl
m
y
II
all B
; B
Jjs|
B
Jg
Jay
an<^|
■
>
Bl