!♦

LADIES' SUMMER
SWEATER COATS

Embracing new colors and style effects, priced
$3.50 to $10.00

SLIP-OVERS & VESTER COATS

NEW AUTO and SPORT HATS and CAPS
Exclusive Styles for late Spring
Summer. Protected against moisture,
usual variety of attractive models, priced
Cravenette finished
$4.00
$1.75 $2.50 $3.00 to
$1.00

FALL CREEK MERCANTILE CO.
DRY GOODS DEPARTMENT

Local Briefs
Are you registered at Oliver & McKown's for their fishing contest?
Day-old baby chicks for sale by W. H. Dock.
Load your kodaks with Ansco film.
4-18tf
—Star Music Co.
Calico 10c—Golden Rule.
Day-old baby chicks for sale by W. H. Dock.
"Tackle fit for fishing" at Oliver & McKown's.
A beautiful display of Gypsy heads at Coleman's. The latest fad.
Outing Flannel 19c. Golden Rule.
Captain and Mrs. A. M. Ley are Pocatello visitors today.
Day-old baby chicks for sale by W. H. Dock.
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Hoon of Malta spent the weekend in American Falls.
Wm. G. Phoenix of Pocatello was a business visitor here Thursday.
L. D. Atkins was among those who took in the Flying Circus at Pocatello Friday.
Overalls $1.49 at the Golden Rule.
See those new hats for street wear. —Fall Creek Merc. Dry Goods Dept.
Fred Walworth, who is employed in the express service, stopped in American Falls today.
Save money, trading at Golden Rule.

NOTICE
WISH to announce to the public that I have moved across the street into the Furrier Building, next to Sparks Meat Market and will continue in the same lines of business.
Second-hand goods bought and sold in connection.
WALTER LaRUE
Better Known as "SHORTY"

Vanity Fair Silk Underwear—Luxurious glove silk—for sale at Fall Creek Merc. Co., Dry Goods Dept. 4-25
All the popular music sung at the Mutt & Jeff show will be found at Coleman's.
Straw Hats 10c Up.—Golden Rule.
Miss Bertha Zimmerman, who is teaching in Idaho Falls this year, spent Sunday in the city.
Mrs. W. S. Newton and sons, Wallace and Gerald, left Tuesday evening for an extended visit with her parents at Stavfield, Oregon.
Thread 4c at the Golden Rule.
The Court House received a new coat of paint on the outside woodwork this week. The inside has been kalsomined and re-decorated also.
Ladies' silk hose, all colors at the Golden Rule.
E. J. Brandt of Tripp, S. D., is visiting his brother, John J. Brandt, manager of the Nibley-Channel Lumber Co.
The Star garage this week brightened up the front of their garage by repainting it.
The sign was also re-painted.
Mrs. G. I. Isaacs and J. P. Melhoff's mother of Neeley are visiting friends and relatives in American Falls this week.
Oil Cloth 39c.—Golden Rule.
W. C. Shade, who has been sick with the flu for several weeks at the Bethany Deaconess hospital, is now able to be out and around again.
Percale 15c.—Golden Rule.
All kinds of misses' and children's hats at the Golden Rule.
Fredrick's shoe shop received a fresh coat of grey paint the latter part of last week, thereby improving its appearance.
Captain and Mrs. A. M. Ley were Friday visitors to Pocatello, where they took in the Flying Circus of the Victory Loan.
Last Friday, American Falls was nearly deserted, almost all of the residents having gone to Pocatello to see the Flying Circus.
Spring is really here, judging from the displays of men's straw hats to be seen in the windows of the various clothing stores.
Mr. D. H. Jeffries left the first of the week for McCammon, where he expects to be busy for the next three months putting up some houses.
O. H. Itani left Thursday morning for Evanston, Wyo., in response to a telegram stating that his brother had been killed. No further particulars were given.
Mr. and Mrs. N. C. Nelson have as their guest this week their niece, Mrs. Ronald Ellason. Before her marriage last June, she was Miss Marietta Esmonde Hotto, daughter of Mrs. Victor John B. Oulou of New Orleans, La., and a very prominent member of the younger set in that city.
Mr. and Mrs. Ronald Ellason are guests temporarily of Mr. Ellason's parents at their ranch home near Rockland, Ida.
The barn belonging to J. Degg, who lives west of American Falls, was totally destroyed by fire Sunday night. The origin of the fire is unknown. All his harness, ten tons of wheat hay, and two cows were also destroyed. The loss is estimated at $2,500 with no insurance.
Mr. Degg was in town Monday and bought lumber and material for a new barn from the Nibley-Channel Lumber Co.
Henry Ellason, who has been nine miles south of American Falls and who had a sale April fifth, left Tuesday morning for Jefferson, Ore., where he and the family expect to locate. They will drive through in their car.
Resolutions.
WHEREAS, it has been seen fit to call Mrs. John Staley, a member of our chapter, of the Crystal Red Cross, to the Great Beyond, it has been unanimously agreed that a copy of these resolutions should be sent to Mr. Staley and a copy recorded on the minutes of the local chapter:
RESOLUTIONS, that in the passing of Mrs. Staley, a conscientious member and an untiring worker has left our midst.
That the local Chapter extend to Mr. Staley, the bereaved husband, and to the son and daughter, its heartfelt sympathy.
By order of the Committee of Crystal Red Cross.
MRS. CHARLES CONNELLY
MRS. W. C. SNYDER.
MRS. JOHN KELLOGG

R. R. TIME CARD.
Eastbound, Arr.
7:26 a.m. No. 6 2:16 a.m.
Westbound, Arr.
No. 83
No. 19 12:10 p.m. No. 18 9:45 a.m.
No. 6
No. 17
2:25 p.m. No. 4 7:18 p.m.
6:26 p.m. No. 34 3:20 p.m.

♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
RED CROSS NOTES
Even though the war has ended, the Red Cross work has not. The local chapter has on hand a large supply of sock yarns which must be knit up. Those who do not knit, if there are any now, can be supplied with refugee garments. There is a certain amount of work required from each chapter and it would be better to get it out of the way before the warm weather sets in.
PIGS GET INTOXICATED
Fed Upon Great Quantities of Rice and Corn Mash.
Reports that a herd of pigs was acting in an unseemly manner on a hog ranch near Auburn, Wash., led to an investigation by county authorities and federal sleuths who are trailing liquor law violators. The porkers were found to be in an intoxicated condition, some of the herd being close to the stage when cerise-striped zebras, azure-blue baboons, and Nile green ant-eaters might have caused unrest in the pens.
The condition of the herd was found to have been due to the pigs having been fed vast quantities of rice and corn liquor mash, which had been dumped from vats when an adjoining farm had been raided and Japanese were found to be operating a whisky still in a wholesale manner.
A veterinary was summoned to assist the pigs through the hangover stage.
Sperm Whale in Monterey Bay.
The first sperm whale found on the Pacific coast in 40 years was discovered in Monterey Bay by rock cod fishermen, who found the carcass off Point Pinos. The fishermen reported that the whale—which was 65 feet long—had been killed by a species of dolphin called the "killer." Its tongue had been eaten out. The whale was towed in and sold to a Los Angeles fish company, and ten barrels of case oil were obtained from its head.
Profit in Coyote Hides.
With coyote hides bringing $10 each, William Smlek of Weld county, Colorado, has made almost as much this winter hunting as he did this summer from his dry ranch. The other day he marketed five hides for more than $50. They brought his total up to 45, and in addition, he has sold a number of skunk skins for $4 apiece.

CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE—Early cabbage plants, also later, cauliflower, tomato, pepper, and celery plants.—J. M. Spuck, Twin Falls, Idaho.
FOR SALE—One of the best business lots in the city. Owner in the east needs money badly.—Will sell cheap if at once. Terms: Cash down $150, balance 5 years, 7 per cent interest. All cash 5 per cent discount.—Wones Mortgage Loan Corporation 4-25t3
FOR SALE, TRADE, OR RENT—Modern 5-room house in Riverside addition. Will consider good automobile.—Inquire of John J. Brandt. 4-26tf
LOST—Saturday, April 5, between American Falls and Yale, a suitcase. Finder notify H. R. Ellis, Burley, Idaho, or leave at Power City Garage.
FOR SALE—Plymouth Rock Eggs, $1 for fifteen.—Mrs. S. H. McCullough.
240 ACRES—land for sale, partly improved, 2½ miles from American Falls. M. M. Newman, 914 Leavenworth St., Manhattan, Kan. 1-31-tf
FOUND—Large handbag. Owner can have the same by calling at Press office, identifying bag, and paying for this advertisement.
4-25
WANTED—Girl for general housework on farm. Inquire at Press office.
4-11-18-25. pd.
FOR SALE—Six mules, two horses, 15-inch Mitchell wagon, 1 3-bottom John Deere plow 12 inch, 1 single disc, 3 double sets harness. Lease on 720 acres, all in wheat and rye. W. N. Downey, one mile west of Pauline, Idaho.
IMPORTED SHIRE STALLION for sale. Weight about 1900. Can be seen at Winona Stock Ranch. 1-51tf
FOR RENT—Good house, with garden, in fine location. Inquire of E. W. Cronkhite.
FOR RENT—400 acres of choice wheat land in good location. Philbrick Greenwood Corp. 3-28-41.
FOR SALE—Cottage in Riverside addition cheap; or will rent the same to parties who need it.—H. C. Hoon, Burlington, Kansas.
WANTED TO BUY—Good second-hand piano—Inquire at Press office.
FOR TRADE—For town property or stock. 150 acres good farm land; good well and buildings. West of Aberdeen. Inquire of Citas Schroeder, American Falls, Ida. 4-18t3
STRAYED—Bull calf yearling, no brand, Jersey; not a full blood. Finder notify Chris Kaut, American Falls, Idaho.
4-25tf
WANTED—A good reliable married man to work on ranch west of town, without family preferred. Call or write to the Press office.
FOR SALE—Two new Peoria drills, 18-7, $60 each; 10 per cent off for cash; one three-section 18-foot Western land roller, $125 cash. Will deliver in town to purchaser. 4-4-tf. F. R. Meadows.

Thanks to our many friends, we have outgrown our present quarters. Our business has steadily increased and we are compelled to take larger space.
On and after Monday, April 28th, we will be located in the Durkee building, two doors north of our present location.
With more room, we will have a larger and better display of merchandise. We cannot have better goods but will have a more complete assortment, and will continue our reputation for honest and straightforward dealing.
We invite all of you to visit the new store at our opening on MONDAY, APRIL 28th.
Each lady will be presented with a carnation.

Coleman's
Jewelers and Opticians

The Hallmark Store

We specialize in
Tea, Coffee, Spices,
Extracts, and
Baking Powder

Dr. A. WILSON
Palmer Graduate
CHIROPRACTOR
Phone 7-W.
Wm. Bldg.

Dr. A. LaMOTHE
DENTIST
Women's Hall
Phone 7-W.

BISNEL A BAUM
Lawyer
Schmidt Building
"L" 11 14 American Falls Idaho
Physician and Surgeon
Office, Wm. Bldg.
American Falls, Idaho
MATRICE
Lawyer
Door North Evan State Bank
American Falls

Grand Union Store

NEXT TO POSTOFFICE

K. F. NOTH, H. D.
Office Schmidt Building

American Falls
Idaho

Your Druggist
Good to Remember

TO-NIGHT
Tomorrow Night
Paste in Your Hat
If you want high-grade fishing tackle, go to Oliver & McKown's

FALLS PHARMACY

BRIST
THE NEW LAWN GAME
The BRIST Boomerang, with which Brist is played, will go down in history as the most wonderful novel invention of the age. Anyone can, with but little practice, do with it such incredible things that were you to have appeared among your friends for half an hour's entertainment a century ago, you would have been tried and convicted of witchcraft.
The BRIST Boomerang can be thrown through the air in a horizontal line, making a perfect curve or circle of from thirty to one hundred feet in diameter, returning with complete accuracy to the thrower. It may be completely thrown around a house. It may be thrown under a train of cars and made to pass out on the opposite side, curve upward, and return to the thrower over the top of the train.
Don't associate the BRIST Boomerang with any other boomerang which you have ever read or heard about.
Boomerangs 25c, 40c, 50c
Howland's Variety Store