PAGE SIX

THE TIMES-RECORDER
Published by
The Times-Recorder Co., Inc.
Lovelace Eve, Editor and Publisher.
Mailed as second class matter at the post office at Americus, Georgia, according to the Act of Congress.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to use for the republication of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited in this paper and also the local news published herein. All rights of republication of special dispatches are also reserved.
National Advertising Representatives, FROBERT, LANDIS & KOHN, Brunswick, N.Y.
♦ Soule’s Gardening, Americus
A THOUGHT
He that withholdeth corn, the people shall curse him; but blessing shall be upon the head of him that selleth it.—Prov. 11:26.
There is an ill-breeding to which, whatever our rank and nature, we are almost equally sensitive—the ill-breeding that comes from want of consideration of others.—Bulwer-Lytton.
WARNS AGAINST FAKE WEEVIL “REMEDIES.”
The present great interest in the boll weevil problem in the Southern states has resulted in a large number of patented preparations and machines which are being vigorously exploited, says the United States Department of Agriculture. This is a repetition of what has occurred in every region invaded by the boll weevil. During the first few years the farmers are exploited and many useless or practically useless devices are sold to them. In a few years, however, history shows that such organizations go out of business. Their operations are especially important at the present time since the losses caused by the boll weevil will be increased by the expense of buying nostrums of various kinds.
The claims for these preparations are not based on scientific tests although in many cases the persons exploiting them are undoubtedly sincere in their belief that they will yield good results. Generally speaking they are based on misinterpretations of what occurs in the field. To determine whether a remedy is effective, it is necessary to have control areas and to consider the effects of numerous cultural practices. It is very easy for an untrained observer to attribute to some preparation he has applied, the beneficial results of some variation in climatic or cultural factors.
The Department of Agriculture and many of the state experiment stations have tested the new boll weevil remedies which have been proposed from year to year and many of those now being offered the public are not essentially different from the kind that have been tested and discarded.
The Association of Southern Agricultural Workers at its recent convention at Memphis considered the whole problem of boll weevil control and, in addition to certain cultural methods, it recommended the consideration of three remedies.
This convention heartily endorsed the use of the dusting method in areas where the yield of cotton was high enough to warrant the expense. It also endorsed the Florida method for the region in which it has been proven to be applicable, and further recommended extensive tests of this method in other regions of light yields.
In another paragraph, it called attention to the fact that the molasses arsenate treatment, although not yet subjected to sufficiently detailed experimental tests to warrant its endorsement, had apparently given results over a wide area that warranted further consideration, and it therefore recommended thorough and immediate tests of this method by state and federal agencies.
The state and government institutions are anxious to help the farmers through the agency of any new methods of controlling the boll weevil which may be discovered. As promptly as possible careful tests are conducted. The department strongly recommends that farmers exercise due caution in spending money for new boll weevil remedies. In all cases farmers should demand evidence of official tests and communicate with their experiment stations for detailed information regarding any of the new remedies. If anything of value is discovered by the state experiment stations or by the Federal department, prompt and widespread notice of the fact will be given the public. In the meantime it is safe to say that in all probability any money spent for patented mixtures or machines will be wasted.
♦
A MAN’S PRAYER IN SOUTH AMERICA.
Here is a prayer that Mr. A. M. Soule, president of the Georgia State College of Agriculture brought back with him from South America, where he attended the Rio Janeiro exposition as a representative of the United States government. It is translated from Portuguese and is as follows:
Teach me that sixty minutes make one hour, sixteen ounces one pound and one hundred cents one dollar.
Help me to so live that I can lie down at night with a clear conscience, without a gun under my pillow and unhaunted by the faces of those to whom I may have brought pain.
Grant that I may earn my ticket on the square, and that in earning it I may do unto others as I would have them do unto me.
Deafen me to the jingle of tainted money and to the rustle of unholy skirts.
Blind me to the faults of the other fellow but reveal to me my own.
Guide me so that each night when I look across the table at my wife I will have nothing to conceal.
Keep me young enough to laugh with little children and sympathetic enough to be considerate of old age, and when the day comes of darkened shades and the smell of flowers the tread of soft footsteps and the crunching of wheels in the yard make the ceremony short and the epitaph simple—“Here Lies a Man.”
SOME GOOD ADVICE TO PRESIDENT HARDING.
That always level-headed Albany Herald thinks that the president is embarrassing his political bed-fellows by a desire for a second term, and offers him a way out. Editor McIntosh says:
If President Harding did not desire a second term the task of the Republican leaders would be greatly simplified. They realize that the present administration has been disappointing to the country in many ways, and they are far from confident as they approach the time when the issues of the 1924 campaign will begin to shape themselves.
It does not now appear that 1924 will be a good year for the Republicans. They have been in full control of the government for a little over two years, and the huge majority they rolled up in 1920 was practically wiped out in congressional elections of last November. The Fordney-McCumber tariff is most unpopular with the masses of the people, however diligently the Republican newspapers may seek to make it appear that it is accomplishing great good.
It is perfectly natural for President Harding to want a second term.
TRADE BOARD ON COUNTRY’S NEED.
The Tifton Board of Trade is now broadcasting over the country some good, sound advice as to what is needed right now. We wish to pass along what it says:
What this country needs is not a new birth of freedom, but the old-fashioned $2 lower berth.
What this country needs isn’t more liberty, but less people who take liberties with our liberty.
What this country needs is not a job for every man, but a real man for every job.
What this country needs isn’t more miles of territory, but more miles to the gallon.
What this country needs isn’t to get more taxes from the people, but for the people to get more from the taxes.
What this country needs is more tractors and less detractors.
What this country needs isn’t more young men making sprees but more young men planting seed.
What this country needs is more paint on the old places and less paint on the young faces.
What this country needs isn’t a lower rate of interest on money, but a higher interest in work.
What this country needs is to follow the footsteps of the fathers instead of the footsteps of the dancing masters.
There may be other needs of the country, but these would certainly help considerably.
ADVOCATES CO-OPERATIVE MARKETING SYSTEM.
Joe Lawrence, editor of the Ashburn (Ga.) Wiregrass Farmer, is a strong advocate of co-operative marketing.
“The farmer’s prosperity,” says Mr. Lawrence, “is not a question of production. Georgia farms and Georgia’s generous soil can produce in abundance. It is a question altogether of getting a remunerative price for what is produced. When that question is solved, our farmers will have substantial bank accounts, their wives will have the comfort and elegance of a home-life she is entitled to and their boys and girls will get an education that will give them a good start in life.
“Co-operative marketing is the big thing that is needed in Georgia and other Southern states.”
OLD DAYS IN AMERICUS
TEN YEARS AGO TODAY.
(From the Times-Recorder, March 26, 1913.)
No new features marked the beginning of the week in cotton circles, and the usual quietude prevailed yesterday about the Americus warehouses. The market quotations were unchanged with twelve cents quoted as the top price for any bales of finer grades that might be offered. There were no sales here, however. It has been a mild winter, which leads planters to look for a rather late spring, with possible bleak frost. Any such conditions would be apt to send present prices of cotton up to an extent.
The efforts put forth by the ladies residing in the vicinity of Rees Park towards the improvement and beautifying of the grounds have been successful so far with the work accomplished and are still working for funds to be expended in further needed improvements.
While Cong. Charles R. Crisp is spending ten days at his home in Americus, this respite is not one of rest, for the many applicants for places in the government employe have found him here, and during the past two days he has been besieged by callers who desire to see the plum tree given a jolt.
Miss Brownie Carter has returned from an extended visit to friends in Jacksonville and other cities in Florida where she spent a month most pleasantly.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Council have gone to Macon, upon a visit of several days to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Willingham.
TWENTY YEARS AGO TODAY.
(From the Times-Recorder, March 26, 1903.)
One of the prettiest and most novel spectacles presented in Americus in a long while was that yesterday afternoon when the babies in “our block” and other blocks, went a-wheel in a bunch, forming a glittering pageant. Such a crop of babies has not been harvested here since that fast fateful baby show, when a galaxy of these lads and lasses of the future won in as prize winners. Thirty-five baby carts, three of them double decked—holding twins, were parked near the monument and at a signal, the parade moved off.
Those attending the Friendship Baptist Association in Schley county from Americus are Rev. R. E. Worthy, Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Gatewood, Judge J. A. Ansley, and Col. J. E. Sheppard.
Dr. J. G. Dodson returned yesterday from Atlanta, where he attended the recent meeting of the State Board of Pharmacy.
After a long period of rest, Tax Receiver J. P. Raiford will be in his office next week to listen to the tales of wealth told by the property owners in making his return of taxes.
Local produce houses are only fairly well supplied with eggs and the market is very active with prices ranging at about 12 1/2 cents per dozen.
Dr. Charles Harrold, who was called here recently by the illness of his mother, Mrs. U. B. Harrold, returned to Gouverneur Hospital yesterday.
THIRTY YEARS AGO TODAY.
(From the Times-Recorder, March 26, 1893.)
Americus narrowly escaped a terrible cyclone which swept the western edge of Sumter and Schley counties Friday evening, doing considerable damage to houses, fences and everything went down before it, but fortunately no lives were lost, though several people were more or less injured by flying timbers.
Linton Alfriend, the young son of Mr. and Mrs. L. S. Alfriend, met with a painful accident while playing yesterday, running into a barbed wire fence.
Walter Rowland came in yesterday from a three week’s trapping expedition to the Ocmulgee swamps in Wilcox county. He brought back quite a bundle of beaver, otter, and coon skins, which netted him over $50.
Mr. C. O. Niles left yesterday for Marshallville, where he will spend a few days with relatives.
Messrs. Claude Cutts, of Marshallville, and Eldridge Cutts, of Atlanta, came down last night and will spend the Sabbath with the home folks here.
On account of his health Assistant Lester Windsor, of the People’s National Bank, will give up his work there for three or four months and will assist Messrs. Windsor, Whitley Hudson and Bro., with their wholesale grocery business.
Lorn Sims Says:
Statistics show American women spend $76,000,000 yearly on cosmetics to increase their face value.
If the French take Frankfurt it will cause no sausage shortage.
Bandits got away with jewels valued at $50,000 in New York. Police think robbery was the motive.
None of these European statesmen clamoring for another war was shot at in the last war.
Los Angeles woman may be a grandmother at 31; anyway, the woman claims she is only 31.
French scientist says people can see through their skin, but it sounds like a skin game to us.
Archaeologists think they have dug up a prehistoric Indian near Noel, Mo., but we don’t.
Mexican newspaper claims Edison is a descendant of King Ixtilxochitl. Tom could sue for slander.
San Francisco woman says her husband spanked her six times in one day. Experts say this is too often.
Government has started printing money on reclaimed paper. No wonder it doesn’t last as long.
CAPITOL
By WALTER F. LINEBERGER
U. S. Representative from California, Ninth District.
Under the California primary law a man can run for office on as many tickets as he wishes, if he gets the nominations.
For example, in a former campaign I was opposing was on Socialist, Democratic, Prohibition, Social-Labor and Progressive tickets.
So, in fighting him, I often used this story:
An old darkey had a pet chameleon which he used to exhibit to his friends and boast about.
But one day he appeared without it.
“Yassah,” he explained, “he’s dead. I was showing him to a man down in the general store, and he brought out a piece of blue cloth and the chameleon turns blue, and I puts him on a piece of yellow cloth and he turns yellow, and on green cloth and he turns green, and on red cloth and he turns red.
“And then the storekeeper he brought out a piece of Scotch plaid and that chameleon he just bust hisself to pieces a-tryin’ to match hisself to it.”
BOXES OF GOLD
BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM
Copyright, by E. Phillips Oppenheim, 1923. Arrgt. NEA Service, Inc.
Vendetta begins between Michael Sayers, noted criminal, and SIR NORMAN GREYES, once of Scotland Yard, when Sayers’ beautiful housemaid, JANET, saves him from Sir Norman by shooting dead the officer sent to arrest him. Janet becomes Sayers’ wife and accomplice.
While Sir Norman is living at his country house the police ask him to help capture a criminal whom they believe to be at the head of a dangerous gang. On May to London, Greyes’ car is stopped and he is shot through the shoulder. Greyes asks Janet to dine with him. Janet accepts. Acting upon Michael’s command Janet puts poison in Sir Norman’s coffee, but regrets her act and purposely upsets the cup. Sayers tells this episode:
I WAS at St. Pancras Station to meet Gorty and Metzger on their arrival in England. I saw the seven black tin boxes with brass clamps, handed out of the guard’s van and placed on the roof of a taxicab. I knew as though it were foredoomed that the contents of those boxes would be mine before the week was out. I felt certain, too, that one at least of the two men would fight to death before I obtained possession of them. They were well worth it, however.
It was a foggy night, and I lingered with perfect safety on the outskirts of the little throng of people who had come to greet these two men. They were a rough lot, on the whole—men of the lowest type, swarthy and unclean. I saw hungry glances directed toward those black boxes, and I knew that, given sufficient cunning and address, I should not be the first by a long way to strike a blow for their acquisition.
But of these others I had no fear. Gorty and Metzger knew their friends, knew them well enough not to trust them.
I walked back through the fog to my humble little flat in Adam Street. Those were gloomy days, even for me, who cared little about the physical comforts of life. I was passing as Mr. Arthur Younghusband, LL.D., a cousin of the well-known solicitor of Lincoln's Inn, in town to consult works of reference at the British Museum. Day by day I walked to that gloomy mausoleum of dead knowledge, spent an hour or so there, and back to my rooms. No one dogged my footsteps. By devious ways I had shaken off all pursuit and suspicion. Yet life was a wearisome thing. I am not a man with many human weaknesses, but I should have welcomed a visit from Janet—a little dinner, perhaps, at the Café Royal, a peep into the world of many-colored pleasure outside of which my path lay. These things, however, I know were not for me. Janet was watched, as I knew beyond a doubt; even if she were not, she had failed me in my last demand. Janet presented a problem to be solved.
On the third day after the arrival of Gorty and Metzger, I visited my solicitors, the firm of Younghusband, Nicholson and Younghusband, at Lincoln’s Inn. My reputed cousin granted me an interview within a few minutes of my arrival. We spoke for a time of my studies and their progress. Then there was a pause. The door was closed; the walls of the room were thick.
“Things progress?” I demanded, leaning across his wide, untidy table.
Mr. Younghusband smiled benevolently. In these moments of direct speech I was accustomed to forget my assumed personality and to speak with all the quick incisiveness that was natural to me. My legal adviser, however, never altered his manner of reply or deportment. He was always the same, unctuous, legal, courtly.
“Your affairs are in excellent train,” he assured me. “As the two people in whom we are interested, one leaves, as we have surmised, for Manchester tonight; the other remains alone.”
“They have made no arrangement with any bank yet?”
My companion shook his head.
“They are both, under the circumstances, suspicious,” he said. “Their position, of course, is—er—peculiar. They are custodians of a hundred thousand pounds in gold, with which they hope to establish a few private credits in this country. On the other hand, the country to which they belong owes us something like a hundred times that amount. They have a somewhat natural fear that any bank with whom they might deposit their treasure might be disposed to hand it over to the government, or that by some legal means, might attach it.”
“Therefore,” I observed, “it remains in their rooms?”
“Precisely! They consider it the lesser risk.”
“And Gorty goes to Manchester tonight?”
“That is so,” the lawyer murmured.
“So far all seems well,” I said. “The great thing is that the gold has not been removed and that Metzger will be alone. There were other little details.”
“Just so!” Mr. Younghusband assented, leaning back in his chair with his finger-tips pressed together. “So far as regards the setting of the affair, I think you will find it in order. Metzger and Gorty occupy Suite 89 at the Ulan Hotel, which suite consists, as you know, of two bedrooms, a bathroom and a sitting room. The sitting-room is on the extreme right-hand side of the suite, and the gold is kept in Metzger’s bedroom, which opens from the sitting-room. The bathroom is between the two bedrooms.”
“I have had the plan,” I interrupted a little impatiently.
Mr. Younghusband declined to be hurried. He had the air of giving difficult legal advice on a technical point.
“Suite 96,” he continued, “consists of a bedroom, bathroom and sitting room only, and is occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Jose de Miguel, very rich South Americans. They are leaving tonight by motorcar for Southampton to catch the steamer there for Buenos Aires in the morning.”
“Their luggage is already packed?”
I asked.
“Already packed,” Mr. Younghusband agreed. “The porters have commented upon its weight.”
“And Madam?”
“Appears to have fulfilled her task,” was the somewhat hesitating answer.
I detected signs of uneasiness in my companion’s speech, and I questioned him about it promptly.
“Have you doubts of the woman,” I asked.
“None whatever,” Mr. Younghusband assured me blandly. “At the same time, she is, without doubt, the weakest link in the chain. She has temperament enough Metzger seems to have been an easy victim; but I should have had more confidence in the lady who visited him the other day.”
“I can no longer put complete faith in my wife,” I replied coldly.
Mr. Younghusband was startled out of his dignified serenity of manner. He leaned across the table.
“What do you mean by that?” he demanded harshly. “Do you know that she has been here, the one place in London you should have been careful to keep her away from, if you had any doubts?”
“I have no doubts whatever as to her fidelity,” I declared. “You know what I mean when I say that, in the parlance of our friends, she has gone soft. It is a pity.”
Mr. Younghusband seemed relieved but puzzled.
“A woman who could do what she did on the golf-links at Woking,” he murmured reminiscently, “must have changed very much if she merits your present criticism.”
The subject was by no means a pleasant one to me. I abandoned it.
“In any case,” I reminded him, “she is in touch with Greyes, and he knows too much.”
“Wonderful capacity for existence, that man,” Mr. Younghusband remarked suavely.
Harsh deeds—I am not a lover of them. I seldom go out of my way to kill, or allow my subordinates to do so, if my ends can be obtained otherwise. At that moment, however, I felt a sudden resurgence into my brain of that one bloodthirsty desire of my life.
“As soon as this affair is safely concluded,” I said, “and we are in funds once more, I shall take occasion to deal with Norman Greyes myself.”
“It occurs to me that you would be well advised,” my companion acquiesced. “The person in question possesses the one gift which might make him dangerous to us. He has imagination.”
I nodded. I was tracing figures upon the blotting-paper, debating with myself different methods of dealing with Norman Greyes.
“Every channel which might lead to the firm of Younghusband, Nicholson and Younghusband,” the lawyer continued meditatively, “seems, so far as human ingenuity could arrange it, permanently blocked, but a man with imagination who is not afraid to work on guesswork is always to be feared.”
“It will not be my fault,” I promised, as I took my leave, “if you have any cause to fear Norman Greyes after the next month or so.”
That night, in the language of those forgotten war communiques, everything happened according to plan. At a quarter to nine Metzger, who was writing alone in his sitting room, heard a soft knocking at the door which communicated with the adjoining suite. He rose promptly, locked the outside door of his own rooms, and softly withdrew the bolt of the door to the next suite. He stood there with an inviting smile upon his ugly face. Madam de Miguel laid a cautioning finger upon her, somewhat overpainted lips as she stole over the threshold.
“There is one hour that my husband will be away,” she whispered, gliding past him. “You may kiss me.”
(Continued in Our Next Issue)
DR. S. F. STAPLETON
VETERINARIAN
Office in Chamber of Commerce
Phone 8
Residence Phone 171
AMERICUS UNDERTAKING CO.
Funeral Directors
And Embalmers
NAT LEMASTER, Manager
Day Phones 88 and 231
Night Phones 661 and 889
CITY AND FARM LOANS
Made on business or Residence Property and Good Farms. Lowest Interest. Quick Results.
DAN CHAPPELL
Planters Bank Building
FARM LOANS 5 1/2 PER CENT INTEREST.
6 1/2 PER CENT. NO COMMISSION TO COMPANY.
GORDON HOWELL, REPRESENTING CHICKAMAUGA TRUST CO.
RAILROAD SCHEDULE
Arrival and Departure of Passenger Trains, Americus, Ga.
The following schedule figures are published as information and not guaranteed:
CENTRAL OF GEORGIA RY.
Arrive Leave
11:55 pm Columbus-Chgo 3:45 am
10:35 pm Albany-Montg’y 5:14 am
7:21 pm Macon-Atlanta 6:37 am
1:55 pm Albany-Montg’y 2:14 pm
2:14 pm Macon-Atlanta 1:55 pm
10:15 am Columbus 3:15 pm
6:37 am Albany 7:21 pm
5:14 am Macon-Atlanta 10:35 pm
3:45 am Albany-Jaxville 11:55 pm
2:58 am Albany-Jaxville 12:37 am
12:37 am Chgo.St. L. Atla 2:58 am
2:06 am Cinti & Atlanta 1:50 am
FLORIDAN
ALL-PULLMAN, Tri-Weekly
1:10 pm Cols & Chicago 2:40 pm
2:40 pm Albany & Jax 1:10 pm
North Bound Tuesday, Thur, Sat.
South Bound Wed., Fri., Sun.
SEABOARD AIR LINE
(Central Time.)
Arrive Departs
10:05 am Cordele-Helena 5:15 pm
12:26 pm Cols-Montg’y 3:10 pm
3:10 pm Cordele-Savh. 12:26 pm
6:15 pm Richmond-Cola 1:05 pm
ALLISON UNDERTAKING CO.
Established 1908.
Funeral Directors
And Embalmers
Prompt Service
Up-to-Date Equipment
Day Phones: 286 and 253
Night Phones 106
MONDAY, MARCH 26,
The Planters Bank of Americus
(Incorporated)
PERSONAL SERVICE
Every department in this bank, which is the largest under state supervision in Southwest Georgia, is organized and maintained to give our customers that helpful co-operation and advice which is natural to expect from so substantial a bank institution.
We believe it will be to your advantage to get better acquainted with this bank of personal service.
The Bank With a Surplus
RESOURCES OVER $1,700,000
PROMPT, CONSERVATIVE, ACCOMMODATING
No Account Too Large; None Too Small
L. G. COUNCIL, President. T. E. EULTON, Ass’t. Cashier.
C. M. COUNCIL, V.-P. and Cashier. J. E. KIKER, Asst. Cashier
FOR QUICK SERVICE AND HEAVY HAULING PHONE 121
WOOTTEN TRANSFER CO.
Office in Americus Steam Laundry
SOUTH JACKSON STREET
WHERE EVERYBODY HAS A HORN TO TOOT.
LOS ANGELES.
Los Angeles, the glamorous, where all the streets are clamorous
With motor cars too numerous to count;
Where real-estators trot to you to sell a house and lot to you,
And population’s always on the mount.
Los Angeles, where baby-talk quite naturally may be talk
Of oil and mines and railway lines and fruit;
A feverishly busy town, a tonic and a fizzy town,
Where everybody has a horn to toot.
Los Angeles, where roses are, yet where the people’s hoses are
Sometimes assailed with oil and sooty smoke;
Where one may quickly cop a roll, and just as swiftly drop a roll,
Be rich today—tomorrow wholly broke!
A proud, enthusiastic town, at times a bit bombastic town.
Whose boosters boost by night as well as day.
A town that has society of every known variety
And every game on earth for them to play!
Los Angeles, where folly would appear to reign at Hollywood
(If you believe the tales that people spread),
But where the movie-makers are as decorous as Quakers are
Who labor, play a bit, and pro to bed
(Whichever tale seems best to you of these that I’ve expressed to you,
Accept it, doubtless neither one is right—
You know how rumors tangle us and I’ve observed Los Angeles
From three one afternoon till ten at night!)
—BERTON BRALEY.
(Copyright, 1923, NEA Service, Inc.)
Tomorrow; The Finish.
Do you think you are too broke to marry? In Pineville, Ky., two inmates of the poorhouse eloped.
About 500 men of Polish attended the Chicago bootblacks’ banquet.
Many income tax evaders thinking they made be caught are right.
A Virginia boy robber will be 60 years old when he gets out again.
Doctors say Lenin is out of danger. We say Lenin never is.
Thinking it is their turn next, 11,000 New York barbers may strike.
California woman has diamonds set in her teeth. The crown jewels.