WEATHER
For Georgia fair and continued cool tonight; probably light frost in south portion; Sunday fair and somewhat warmer.

FORTY-SIXTH YEAR—NO. 29

MAN ACCUSED IN OIL PROBE MAINTAINS DEFIANT SILENCE
00000000000 O Q O O 0,0 0 O O $
WOODROW WILSON ALIVE AT 3 O’CLOCK
OO•OO0.0OOOOO'Cr O O' O O 0 O O O O O
DOHENY TESTIMONY STIRS UP ‘HORNET’S NEST IN CAPITAL
_ • \ 1 / ' 1

NOT TO ALLOW
CHALLENGE TO PS
WITHOUT HIS DENIAL
Democratic Presidential Candidate Resents Statement Made By Doheny Before Body
‘STATEMENT UNJUSTIFIED’
Bringing of His Name Into Oil Lease Scandal Uncalled for, He Asserts
LOS ANGELES, February 2.
William G. McAdoo will not allow to pass unchallenged what he terms the “wholly unjustified” linking of his name with the oil lease transaction now occupying the attention of the committee.
His trip cast was due entirely to the condition of Woodrow Wilson, father of Mrs. McAdoo, but he walked that it would include an attempt to appear before the committee to give his version of the connection of himself and his former law firm with the Doheny interests.
EXPLAINS CONNECTION WITH DOHENY INTERESTS
Los Angeles, Cal., February 2.
W. G. McAdoo, whose name was mentioned by E. L. Doheny in his testimony before the Senate oil probe committee at Washington Thursday, has telegraphed Senator Walsh, explaining his connection with the Doheny interest. In his telegram, McAdoo says:
“The dragging of my name into the investigation of oil leases at Washington is wholly without justification of any sort. In 1919, a year after leaving President Wilson’s cabinet, my former law firm in New York, McAdoo, Cotton & Franklin, was retained as counsel by Mr. Doheny’s companies and upon my removal to California in 1922 I was retained as special counsel here, such employment being entirely in connection with the Mexican affairs of Mr. Doheny’s enterprises.
“I have never at any time been employed or consulted regarding any oil leases anywhere in the United States. When Mr. Doheny sought the services of McAdoo, Cotton and Franklin in New York in 1919, it was represented to us that under article 27 of the new Mexican constitution against which our government had filed a protest on its adoption some years before, an attempt was being made to confiscate the valuable properties of Mr. Doheny’s companies in Mexico.
“The members of my firm, after consideration of the matter, concluded that the case was meritorious. We accepted it, did all that we properly could for our client over a period of about two years and the firm received a fee of $160,000 for the service, a sum commensurate with the very large interests involved.
“When I moved to California in March, 1922, Mr. Doheny said that his companies would be glad to retain me as special counsel to act in an advisory capacity here.
“I regarded the Doheny companies as the outstanding independent oil companies in the country and felt perfectly free to act as counsel for them. My counsel and advice has been confined to the Mexican problems with which these companies are constantly faced.
“For the period I have acted as special counsel here I have received an annual retainer of $25,000 payable semi-annually. The employment of my former firm and myself by these companies has extended over the past four years.

TWO-PLATOON SYSTEM IS PUT INTO EFFECT
VALDOSTA, February 2.
Promptly at 8 o’clock Friday morning the two-platoon system was inaugurated in the Valdosta fire department and six additional men were placed on the roster to enable the work to be carried forward under the new system.
Chief T. M. Cook, Jr., said that he considered it fortunate indeed that five of the six men added had formerly served in the department and that the sixth man was an employee of the city in another department.

THE TIMES-RECORDER
PUBLISHED IN THE HEART OF DIXIE:

‘BILLY’ BARNHART SIGNED BY WILSON
Billy Barnhart who was one of Joe Jackson’s star backstops here during last summer, and who has been living in Atlanta during recent months, has signed a contract to play with the Wilson, N. C., club in the Virginia League, during the coming season, it became known here today. Barnhart, who married an Americus girl and who has many friends here who are interested in his career as a baseball artist frequently visits in Americus, it is predicted among his friends that he will go up rapidly in baseball, as during the several months he played here Barnhart exhibited many flashes of really brilliant playing.

OWNERS OF PASTURE
Names Persons Who Should Be Particularly Careful With Ditches on Their Lands
Dr. J. Wade Chambliss, president of the Board of Health of Americus today calls attention anew to the fight made on mosquitoes here and cautions land owners to assist in this effort.
“The health authorities want to call attention,” said Dr. Chambliss, “of land owners around the city limits of Americus, that cultivate pasture or have in charge the low lands, such as the property of Mr. Stapleton, Misses Smith, Barrow’s pasture, Morgan, and Bragg and the right of ways of the Seaboard and Central of Georgia Railroads, where many ditches carry water a part, or all season, and while preparation is being made by these people to cultivate or care for their lands that they ditch these places so that no water will stand on the surface or in the ditch, and that the ditches be of such grade and so constructed that water will swiftly flow on, and in order to keep said ditches from caving, the straight ditches should be made to bevel and slope to the bottom. This is best done by measuring the depth of the ditch from the top of the ground to its bottom and take one half this measure and lay on top of the ground at a right angle from that ditch and slope from this point down to near the bottom of the ditch, bearing in mind that a large ditch with a small amount of water will clog up and give more trouble than a small ditch made in proportion to the amount of water which is the means of keeping it open.
With this notice we ask the property owners to make this necessary drainage now, while preparing for a crop and we feel that it is no burden, as the ditch, from an agricultural standpoint will be worth the work. These places will be looked over by our inspector possibly as early as March and we want to co-operate with them to the extent that if there are any engineering problems necessary to get the grade etc. that we will furnish, free of charge to the land owner the Civil Engineer to do the surveying. This does not mean that if you have a ditch emptying into another ditch with plenty of fall, that a man is necessary as you can well take care of those problems yourself.
"Another matter we want to ask you about now is do you know if the gutters in or around your house are open and that no water can stand in them? If not why wait and be explaining to Sir Fort about this in mosquito time.
"We hope to have the inspector on earlier this Spring than last, in order to get ahead of the first mosquitoes which heretofore have

FIRE LOSSES VERY LOW AT VALDOSTA
VALDOSTA, February 2.
The fiscal year of the Valdosta fire department closed at last midnight for the year 1923, showing a most excellent fire record for Valdosta. The entire record for the year has not been compiled but it is shown that for 1923 the department received and answered 1556 alarms against 146 for the previous year. Figures on fire losses for the period are not available.

AMERICUS, GEORGIA, SATURDAY AFTERNOON, FEBRUARY 2, 1924

TALKED HERSELF INTO JAIL
Just like a woman! Anna J. Kearns, 21, “flapper bandit,” walked into a Cleveland drug store, pointed a shiny little automatic at the male attendant and proceeded to help herself to the cash register’s contents. Five days later she phoned to tell him how sorry she was. That proved her undoing, for police, tracing the source of the call, arrested her as she left a pay station. Anna told detectives unemployment and impending hunger drove her to it. Just another case of a small-town girl getting off on the wrong track in a big city, the officers say.

IN CAR COLLISION
Smithville Man Likely to Lose Sight of Left Eye As Result of Accident
J. C. Jones, who was hurt in an automobile accident on the Dixie Highway near Smithville a few days ago, was in Americus today for treatment by an eye specialist, the sight of left eye having practically been destroyed by a blow sustained when the cars came into collision. It was stated in a telegram from Smithville and printed in the Times-Recorder that Mr. Jones escaped unhurt, but it now develops that he was even more badly injured, perhaps, than Dr. Monroe, who was in the car which collided with Jones’ machine. Dr. Allen, who examined Jones’ eye today expressed the opinion that the sight may be lost entirely, and in addition sustained a number of bruises and cuts about the head and body.

ANNOUNCED IN STEWART
LUMKIN, February 2 —The political situation in Stewart County is rapidly growing very tense. Several candidates have announced during the past few days for county offices which are to be filled by elections this year. The Democratic primary is to be held in this county on the 19th day of March.
Mrs. R. T. Humber, Jr., of Richland, the first woman ever to announce in this county for public office. She seeks the office of county Treasurer, which has now been filled by Mr. H. M. Stephens also of Richland.

KLAN WORKERS RAID PRIVATE HOMES IN SEARCH FOR LIQUOR
Williamson County, Ill., Again Sees New Raids Staged in Spectacular Manner
128 PERSONS ARRESTED
S. Glenn Young Leads Raiders Into Many Homes Where Liquor Is Found
JOHNSON CITY, Ills., February 2. —A total of 128 persons had been arrested today in dry raids in Williamson county, the search for whom began last night and continued this afternoon.
Several hundred men, said to be members of the Ku Klux Klan conducted country-wide raids which were led by S. Glenn Young, day worker and employee of the klan. The raids were made principally on private homes, with a number of negroes among those held.

POLICE SEEKING BOLD LOCAL HOUSEBREAKER
Americus police authorities are seeking a bold thief who entered the home of Angela Magnus on Finn street and secured a quantity of clothing and other valuables. Practically all of Mrs. Magnus’ clothes were taken by the thief, who entered the house through a front window in broad daylight as well as a number of shirts and some wearing apparel belonging to Louis Rosenberg, who resides with the Magnus family. No trace of the thief has as yet been found, Chief Bragg stated today.

TALMADGE CRABB GETS BUSINESS FOR SELF
Talmadge Crabb, who has been employed by the Americus Automobile company during nearly ten years past, has branched out for himself, and is now engaged in business in the building occupied by the Americus Battery company. He will devote his entire time to the work of repairing automobiles and will specialize on Fords. He has long been recognized as an expert Ford repairman, and in his own business he will continue his old specialty line.

WILSON STILL LOSES STRENGTH; MAY DIE NOW MINUTE
Remarkable Resistance by Former President on Fight Against Death
FITFUL SLEEP RESTS HIM
Was Very Weak During Morning, With Scarce Strength to Open His Eyes
WASHINGTON, February 2.
—At 3 o’clock this afternoon there was no indication of any material change in the condition of Former President Wilson.
WASHINGTON, February 2.
A bulletin issued by physicians at 11:30 o’clock said “Mr. Wilson is growing weaker steadily. He has had some sleep and no pain. He recognizes those about him, but is too exhausted to talk. Our efforts in the main are directed towards keeping him comfortable.” The bulletin was signed by Drs. Grayson, Ruffin, Fowler.
“It looks as though Mr. Wilson would pull through the day,” said Dr. Grayson, adding his opinion to the formal text of the bulletin, “but that is subject to the hazard of a sudden change.”
BRIEF FITFUL SLEEP RESTS PATIENT
WASHINGTON, February 2.
Life still lingered for a while with Woodrow Wilson today, but death was still knocking at his door. Through weary stretches of the night and past the dangerous hours of early morning and soon into the light of another day, he kept the grim visitor waiting outside the portal with an insistence that astonished even his physicians.
A little rest, snatched fitfully from the hours of darkness, helped to stay for a moment the hand, which had almost extinguished the faint spark of vitality, making those by his bedside encouraged ever so little but who did not dare believe there was any real improvement.
So weakened was he by a full day and night face to face with death that there was scarce strength enough to open his eyes upon the sunlight of another day.

NORMAL SCHOOL TO BE HELD AT AGGIE
Supt Ballard Announces Dates For Gathering of Teachers at Americus Institution
Principal John M. Prance has received information from State Superintendent N. H. Ballard stating that a summer normal course for teachers will be held in Americus from July 1 to August 3, inclusive. This course is being arranged by the state educational authorities, and will bring many teachers from all parts of the Third Agricultural district to Americus. The faculty of the course has not been announced, but it is believed that members of the Aggie faculty who will be still here will be used as far as practicable by the state authorities. The Aggie dormitories will be opened for the visitors, and attractive programs, filled with constructive study and work, will be arranged for the gathering.

NEGRO WOMAN FAITH HEALER NEAR DEATH
MOULTRIE, February 2.—Mollie Hall, negro woman widely and known as a ‘faith healer’ is in a critical condition at her home near Ray City, according to advices received here. Although she has during the past ten or fifteen years treated hundreds of people suffering from almost every known disease and marvelous stories of cures that she has wrought have been told, the "faith healer” has called a medical doctor. She is suffering from typhoid fever and the chances are said to be against her.

SICK MAN AND WIFE
MRS. WILSON J. HUGHES
COURT SEEKS ARGUMENTED EVIDENCE
Judge Sibley Hears Attorneys On Legal Phases With Jury Excused From Attending
ATLANTA, February 2. —Counsel representing Asa G. Candler, Atlanta millionaire, and Mrs. Onezima de Bouchel, in the latter’s $500,000 breach of promise suit today argued legal phases of the case before Judge Sibley, with the jury excused from attending court.
Contenting itself with introduction of additional letters from Mrs. Onezima de Bouchel to Asa G. Candler, the defense in the sensational half-million dollar breach of promise suit sprang a general surprise Friday when it closed its case without launching an attack upon the character of the New Orleans beauty and social leader.
When the defense announced it rested, Attorney Albert Howell, Jr., of counsel for Mrs. de Bouchel, arose at once asking if he had heard aright. He called the court’s attention to the fact that the evidence had been concluded without any effort on the part of the defense to prove that Mrs. de Bouchel was not a woman of irreproachable character, and that it accepted the encomiums of her reputation introduced in the testimony of many of the leading citizens of New Orleans.
Since Mr. Candler gave as the reason for breaking his engagement to Mrs. de Bouchel the fact that he had received reports that she entertained men at night in her rooms in a local hotel while she was a chaperon general at the Confederate reunion in 1919, action of the defense in closing its case without attempting to substantiate those charges came as a distinct surprise.
It is believed today that the case will go to the jury before Monday night, and that a verdict will be rendered within a few hours.

JOE BARNES VERY ILL
DE SOTO, Feb. 2—Joe Barnes, who has been very ill with pneumonia for the past week, is not expected to live but a few hours.

New York Futures
P.C. Open High Low Close
Mar. 33.60 33.80 34.03 33.76 34.03
May 33.91 34.14 34.34 34.11 34.34
July 32.58 32.85 33.00 32.78 33.90
Oct. 28.05 28.20 28.33 28.12 28.33
Dec. 27.77 27.76 27.80 27.76 27.80
Americus strict middling, 33c.

PRICE FIVE CENTS

FALL HIES BEHIND FEAR OF CRIMINAL CHARGE IN PROBE
Former Secretary of Interior Refuses to Answer Questions Directed to Him
AFRAID TO MAKE REPLY
Waits in Ante-Room While Committee Deliberates on Course to Be Taken
WASHINGTON, February 2.
Its authority to continue investigation “having been challenged by Mr. Fall, the committee decided to ask the Senate Monday to re-adopt the original resolution authorizing the inquiry.
The committee adjourned until next Tuesday, at which time Mr. Fall will be recalled before the committee, and should he then decline to answer questions, senators said an issue of authority would be given the committee to compel an answer under pain of contempt proceedings in court would be squarely raised.
WASHINGTON, February 2.
Hailed before the Senate oil committee against the protest of his attorney and physician, Former Secretary of the Interior Albert B. Fall refused to answer any questions about the naval oil lease and his relations with Doheny and Sinclair. Two major reasons were given, first, that the authority given the committee by the last Congress had expired; second, that in the light of a motion of Congress directing court action on civil and criminal oil lease cases, his answer might tend to incriminate him.
Clearing the crowded hearing room, the committee went into executive session to determine their course on the attitude of Fall, while the former secretary waited in an ante-room with his lawyer and physicians, as the committee deliberated.

DOHENY SPRINGS SENSATION
WASHINGTON, February 2. A new sensation was sprung Friday afternoon in the naval oil scandal when L. E. Doheny, multi-millionaire oil king, revealed he had employed on a wholesale scale ex-members of presidential cabinets to act as counsel for his various interests.
While the committee room sat stunned Doheny calmly recited how he had employed William G. McAdoo, former Secretary of the Treasury; Thomas W. Gregory, former Attorney General; Franklin K. Lane, former Secretary of the Interior, and Lindley M. Garrison, former Secretary of War.
McAdoo, the witness, said, was still in his employ at a salary of $50,000 a year and that the candidate for the Democratic nomination had been paid $250,000 to date.
McAdoo’s work, he said was the same as Gregory’s, “to get justice for me in Mexican matters.”
Doheny denied, however, that he had employed any of the men named “while they were in the Cabinet.”

DEFENSE HAS INNING IN JACKSON’S SUIT
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Feb. 2
The defense began to unfold its case in the trial of the suit of Joe Jackson, of Americus, against the Chicago White Sox baseball club for $18,000. The amount is claimed as unpaid salary on a baseball contract.
Fred Luderus, former first baseman for Nationals, and now manager of the Oklahoma City team of the Western League, was the final witness for Jackson on direct examination, having been called as an expert to give his opinion of Jackson’s work in the 1919 World’s Series, which, it is alleged, was thrown by a number of White Sox players to the Cincinnati Reds.