CASTORIA

The Kind You Have Always Bought, and which has been
in use for over 30 years, has borne the signature of
and has been made under his personal supervision since its infancy.
Allow no one to deceive you in this.
Imitations and “Just-as-good” are but
cheap cuts that trifle with and endanger the health of
babies and children—Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare
goric, Props and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substances. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and all Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic, it relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children’s Panacea—The Mother’s Friend.
Genuine CASTORIA ALWAYS
Bears the Signature of
The Kind You Have Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THE CENTAUR COMPANY, 77 MURRAY STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
Notice: Read Below
The stock of Goods belonging to E. D. Sheffield & Co.
must be closed out at once, as we are going out
of business and these goods are going
to be sold right away. This
is no fake sale; the
goods must
for I have
accepted the position
in the Bank of Commerce,
made vacant by the resignation of
Mr. Lott Warren, and must close out this
stock right away in order that I may enter my bank
position. Come right away and get your goods be
fore the stock is broken.
E. D. SHEFFIELD COMPANY.
L. G. COUNCIL,
COTTON FACTOR.
I desire to hold their cotton for an advance
in their interest by conferring with me. I
am supplied with money to advance upon cot-
ton and can accommodate farmers at the LOW-
EST INTEREST. If you need money, and
want it, come and see me.
I have all grades of Fertilizers; also Coal,
Brick Lime and Portland Cement.
Best Grade of Domestic Coal.
Baltimore Lump, conceded the finest domestic
coal. All orders for coal promptly delivered. My prices
will be low. Telephone No 88
JON COHEN
His...
Store on Linder
at the Corner, Hawkins House.
Has the finest Stock of...
Fine Clothing, Shoes and Hats
in his business career of twenty-five years in Americus.
Fine Goods Bought Low and Going at Small Profit.
Silk Shirt Waists and Dresses, from the modest to the most
beautiful.
Dry Goods, Domestics, Shoes, Hats, Com-
forts, etc., is full and prices low.
Furnishing Goods. —Pine Stock.
L. AARON COHEN,
Two Big Stores.
Office in
JOHN W. SHIVER,
Pressed Clothier,
Cutter, Tailor, Salesman, etc.
Warehouse, No. 107; Uptown Office, 127

A mirror of events
IN CITY AND SUBURB.
Tales of the Town Told in a Few
Lines.
NEWS ITEMS ARE BOILED DOWN
For Convenience That Those Who
Run May Read —Some Bits of News
That Transpired Here Yesterday
Truthfully Told.
Buyers—fresh shipment just in.
Hudson’s Drug Store.
Walter Granberry is nursing a mangled left hand, having had three fingers
lacerated a day or two ago while working at a circular saw.
Wouldn’t Americus have a Carnival day indeed if General Joe Wheeler can
be induced to come and review the troops on Military Day?
The carnival committee have flung
their banners to the breeze, and at
every street corner an immense one
stretched across the streets bids the
stranger a welcome.
The cotton market was steadier yesterday, though January ranged forty
points down or about where it closed
the day before, other months showing
a corresponding loss.
Every registered voter in Americus
should go to the polls today and vote
for the city ticket nominated at the recent
primary. Each of the several candidates deserves this.
Bosco, the man “who eats ’em alive,”
will not come to the Americus Carnival. While eating snakes in Fort
Valley a day or two ago a rattler bit Bosco
and he died in a few minutes.
Two poor blind women excited the
sympathy of all here yesterday, one
grinding out doleful tunes from a
wheezy hand-organ while the other
peddled pencils on the streets.
The splendid attraction at the opera
house here Thursday night will draw
the largest audience of the season. The
scenery and electrical effects, the music
singing, etc., will be very fine.
The streets presented a holiday appearance yesterday. Hundreds of
Christmas shoppers thronged the
streets, and there was an air of business in all the marts of trade here.
The publication of the new city code
for Americus has been awarded to L.
A Morgan & Co., who are well prepared to give the council a splendid
piece of work, which will be done at
home.
A barnyard strike about Americus
has put the price of eggs to 30 cts per
dozen. At this rate the Christmas
reveler will have to take his eggnog
with only one ingredient—not a very
big idea.
A Thousand Tongues.
Could not explain the rapture of Annie E. Springer, of 1125 Howard street,
Philadelphia, Pa., when she found that
Dr. King’s New Discovery for Consumption had
completely cured her of a hacking cough that for many years had
made her life a burden. All other remedies and doctors could give her no help,
but she says of this Royal Cure—“it
soon removed the pain in my chest and
I can now sleep soundly, something I
can scarcely remember doing before.”
I feel like sounding its praises throughout the Universe.” So will every one
who tries Dr. King’s New Discovery for
any trouble of Throat, Chest or Lungs.
Price 50c and $1.00. Trial bottles free
at E. J. Eldridge’s Drug Store; every
bottle guaranteed.
We are apt to condemn in others
what we practice ourselves without
scruples.
No one can reasonably hope for good
health unless his bowels move once
each day. When this is not attended
to, disorders of the stomach arise,
biliousness, headache, dyspepsia and
piles soon follow. If you wish to avoid
these ailments keep your bowels regular by taking Chamberlain’s Stomach
and Liver Tablets when required.
They are so easy to take and mild and
gentle in effect. For sale by John R.
Hudson, Dodson’s Pharmacy.
You cannot have much interest in
heaven when your principal is all on
earth.
Help is needed at once when a person’s life is in danger. A neglected
cough or cold may soon become serious
and should be stopped at once. One
Minute Cough Cure quickly cures
coughs and colds and the worst cases of
croup, bronchitis, grippe and other
throat and lung troubles. W. A. Rembert.
It isn’t so much that a man thinks
as what he does that counts.
THE BEST SALVE IN THE WORLD
is Banner Salve. It is made from a
prescription by a widely known skin
specialist and positively is the most
healing salve for piles, burns, scalds,
ulcers, running sores and all skin diseases. Davenport Drug Co.
A little learning is more explosive
than unlimited ignorance.
When the stomach is tired out it
must have a rest, but we can’t live without
food. Kodol Dyspepsia Cure “digests what you eat” so that you can eat
all the good food you want while it is
restoring the digestive organs to health.
It is the only preparation that digests
all kinds of food. W. A. Rembert.
Only the very poor man is absolutely
sure of his friends.
When you need a soothing and healing antiseptic application for any purpose, use the original DeWitt’s Witch
Hazel Salve. Most of them are worthless or liable to cause injury. The
original DeWitt’s Witch Hazel Salve is
a certain cure for piles, eczema, cuts,
scalds, burns, sores and skin diseases,
W. A. Rembert.
Watches and rivers seldom run long
without winding.
If you would have an appetite like a
bear and a relish for your meals take
Chamberlain’s Stomach and Liver Tablets. They correct disorders of the
stomach and regulate the liver and bowels. Price. 25 cents. Samples free, at
John R. Hudson’s, Dodson’s Pharmacy.
The rich man has troubles of which
the poor man knows nothing.
CASTORIA
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature
“Dodson’s
Pharmacy.
Splendidly Equipped
for the
Holiday Trade.
And now arises the perplexing annual question: What will be a suitable present for “So-and-So?” It’s our
mission to help you to this solution.
Everywhere about the store we are prepared as never before. Here you may
select at Dodson prices; that means
prices minus that considerable profit
you are usually asked to pay on holiday
wares.
Silver Novelties.
What better and more appreciative to
a friend than one of the many silver
novelties now being introduced? Every desirable kind and over a dozen
different patterns. Prices from 35 to
$2.00 an article.
Shaving Sets.
This line is a beauty. We have already heard many words of praise
about them. Price $2 to $5.
Dresser Sets.
They consist of two cologne bottles,
brush tray, powder box and powder
puff, hand decorated—six different designs. Price $3.50 to $5.
Meerschaum Pipes.
Large assortment of designs—all
guaranteed to be of first quality—ranging in price from $3.50 to $7.50.
Pocket Books
and
Card Cases.
Real seal pocket book—black—silver
Buffalo—brown, drab or tan—pocket
book, sterling silver mounting, $1.50
Fine Morocco pocket book, gold
mounting, $3. Finger purses—in all
colors—both plain and sterling silver
mountings, $1 to $3.
Cigar Cases.
These make presents that are both
useful and ornamental. All shades
and shapes, some plain and others
sterling silver mounted. Prices from
50 cents to $2.50.
Comb and Brush Sets.
Sterling silver comb and brush sets,
beautiful designs, $5. Ebony set —
consisting of hair brush, comb and
hand mirror—each piece having sterling silver initial plate, $5. Ebony
comb and brush set, sterling silver initial plate, $3. Military hair brushes—
set consisting of pair elegant ebony
back brushes and comb with sterling
silver trimmings—in case, $4.50.
Perfumeries.
We are unable to describe this line,
but enough to say it is complete. We
have it in all shapes from the small
price glass bottles to the elegant cut
glass bottles. Red Rose toilet water,
full 8 ounce glass stopper bottles, $1.
Collar and Cuff Boxes.
Black leather collar and cuff boxes
$1.50. Celluloid collar and cuff boxes,
assortment of designs, hand decorated, for $2.50.
Puff Boxes.
Clear glass with ebony tops and
sterling silver initial plate at $1 and
$1.25. Big assortment hand decorated
china puff boxes at 35, 50 and 75 cents.
Glove and Handkerchief Boxes.
Beautiful hand decorated glove and
handkerchief boxes, in large assortment of designs, ranging in price from
$1.25 to $2.
Dodson’s
Pharmacy.
“Get Your
Money’s Worth.”
CAUGHT WITH KODAK
ABOUT THE DEPOTS.
People Who Came and Went Away
Yesterday.
A SNAPSHOT AT THE COACHES.
Some are Your Friends and Some are
Not.—Who Come and Go in a Day.—
Is Your Name Written There With
the Others?
“Like father, like son,” is an old saying, and the latest illustration of it is
found in the way the sons are wearing
our boys $1.50 shoes. Schumpert Shoe
Co.
Mr. Charles A. Norton, of Arabi,
was among the several visitors in
Americus yesterday.
Capt. Thomas M. Allen left yesterday for Cuthbert, where he goes upon
a short business trip.
S. W. Walker, of McIntosh, Ga., was
the guest of Americus friends for a
short while yesterday.
Mr. J. W. Castleberry came over
from Preston yesterday to look after
matters of business here.
Col. T. R. Slappey (that’s Tom) came
up from Savannah yesterday to sell
goods and hear carnival talk.
Rev. J. W. Connors, of Wadley, Ga.,
was in the city yesterday and paid the
Times-Recorder a pleasant visit.
Mr. B. C. Broyles was registered
from Atlanta yesterday among the several arrivals at the Allen House.
Mrs. R. Lee Meldrim returned home
yesterday from a visit of two or three
weeks to relatives in Tennille, Ga.
Mrs. E. N. Clarke, of Albany, is
spending a few days at the home of
Mrs. J. F. Coker on Church street.
Miss Callie Slappey left yesterday
for Marshallville, where she will be the
pretty guest of relatives for a week.
Mr. Lott Warren left yesterday for
Albany to spend a few days at the
home of his brother, R. H. Warren.
W. B. Bardevelle and J. F. Calhoun
registered from Vienna yesterday
among the arrivals at The Windsor.
Messrs. M. P. Beall, A. H. Bozeman
and W. C. Burton, of Reidsville, were
in the city for a short while yesterday.
Rev. Charles W. Littlejohn was the
guest of Americus friends yesterday
while en route from Cuthbert to Cordele.
Mr. Dan Lewis, formerly of Sumter
county but for a year past a resident of
Lee, was in Americus yesterday on
business.
Misses Grace and Ethel Black, the
charming guests of Miss Minnie Hooks
for several days, have returned to
Montezuma.
Miss Cornelia McCormick was the
guest of Americus friends yesterday
while en route from Columbus to Bronwood to visit relatives.
Miss Minnie J. Williams leaves today
upon an extended visit in Tallahassee,
Fla., where she will be the charming
guest of friends during the holidays.
An Editor’s Awful Plight.
F. M. Higgins, Editor Seneca, Ills.
News, was afflicted for years with Piles
that no doctor or remedy helped until
he tried Bucklen’s Arnica Salve. He
writes two boxes wholly cured him. It’s
the surest Pile cure on earth and the
best salve in the world. Cure guaranteed. Only 25 cents. Sold by E. J.
Eldridge, druggist.
Blood will tell—therefore it is unwise to confide a secret to relatives.
Now is the time when croup and lung
troubles prove rapidly fatal. The only
harmless remedy that produces immediate results is One Minute Cough Cure.
It is very pleasant to take and can be relied upon to quickly cure coughs, colds
and all lung diseases. It will prevent
consumption. W. A. Rembert.
The Bread of Life is a necessity
rather than a luxury.
Many persons have had the experience of Mr. Peter Sherman, of North
Strafford, N. H., who says, “For years
I suffered torture from chronic indigestion, but Kodol Dyspepsia Cure made a
well man of me.” It digests what you
eat and is a certain cure for dyspepsia
and every form of stomach trouble. It
gives relief at once even in the worst
cases, and can’t help but do you good.
W. A. Rembert.
He who helps another shows himself
a brother.
Many of your friends, or people
whom you know of, have contracted
consumption, pneumonia or other fatal
diseases, by neglect of a simple cold or
cough. Foley’s Honey and Tar, a
safe, sure and pleasant cough medicine, would have saved them. It is
guaranteed. Davenport Drug Co.
The ideal lover to the practical girl
is one who is rich.
The Lord’s chariots are not all band
wagons.
Acquired by the Standard.
Los Angeles, Dec. 11.—A deal has
just been made whereby the Standard
Oil company acquired the Allen interests of the Pacific coast. The purchase
price is said to be in the neighborhood
of $1,000,000.
They make known their condition by frequent
SLEEPLESSNESS, NERVOUS WEAKNESS,
BACKACHES, CHANGES IN URINE, AND IRRITABLE
BOWELS. IT IS DANGEROUS to neglect these warnings.
FASHBENDER
It cleanses the system of poisons and impurities, and
conveys a healing and soothing effect to the suffering kidneys, PURIFIES THE BLOOD,
stimulates the Liver, Stomach and
bowels and works a speedy improvement in
the condition of the body,
AT
Dr. E. J. ELDRIDGE, Agent.

BECKHAM IS INAUGURATED
Ceremonies Were the Most Elaborate
Ever Witnessed In Kentucky.
Frankfort, Ky., Dec. 11.—Governor
Beckham was inaugurated today for a
term of three years. The inaugural
ceremonies were the most elaborate witnessed in this state in the present decade. The inaugural parade was made
up of all of the military companies of
the state, three regiments, the Duckworth club of Cincinnati, political clubs
from this city, Louisville and other
towns of the state, civic societies and
distinguished citizens in carriages and
on horseback, forming a procession of
great length. When the inaugural procession reached the state capitol, the
oath of office was administered to the
governor by Chief Justice Hazelrigg in
the presence of thousands who had
gathered to witness the ceremonies.
After the ceremonies at the inaugural
stand the governor reviewed the state
troops.
Governor Beckham, in his inaugural
address, did not refer to the murder of
William Goebel, but devoted himself
entirely to state matters. He briefly
stated some of the leading policies by
which he will be guided in the administration of the office, and promised his
cordial support in the development of
Kentucky’s industrial interests.
JUDGE TAFT IS REVERSED
His Decision In the Cleveland Bank
Case Overruled.
Cincinnati, Dec. 11.—Judge Day of
the United States circuit court of appeals has rendered a decision of importance to national bank stockholders.
The Mercantile National bank of Cleveland had been assessed for taxation on
its capital stock at a valuation of $519,820. This was on the basis of a 60 per
cent valuation. Later the state board
of equalization increased the assessment by $123,000. The bank protested, claiming that this was a 74 per cent valuation
and alleging that the increase violated
the federal law.
Judge Taft, who heard the case, ruled
against the bank. Judge Day overruled
Judge Taft’s decision on the ground
that the board of equalization had not
served notice of the increase.
$1,000 WORTH OF GOOD
A. H. Thurmes of Wills Creek Coal
Co., Buffalo, O., writes: “I have been
afflicted with kidney and bladder trouble for years, passing gravel or stones,
with excruciating pain. Other medicines only gave relief. After taking
Foley’s Kidney Cure the result was
surprising. A few doses started the
brick dust, like fine stones, etc., and
now I have no pain across my kidneys
and I feel like a new man. Foley’s
Kidney Cure has done me $1,000 worth
of good.” Davenport Drug Co.
Two weak partners are seldom able
to make a business firm.
How to Cure Croup.
Mr. R. Gray, who lives near Amenia,
Duchess county, N. Y., says: “Chamberlain’s Cough Remedy is the best
medicine I have ever used. It is a fine
children’s remedy for croup and never
fails to cure.” When given as soon as
the child becomes hoarse, or even after
the croupy cough has developed, it will
prevent the attack. This should be
borne in mind and a bottle of the
Cough Remedy kept at hand ready for
instant use as soon as these symptoms
appear. For sale by John R. Hudson,
Dodson’s Pharmacy.
The more checks a spendthrift receives the faster he goes.
Relief in Six Hours.
Distressing Kidney and Bladder
Disease relieved in six hours by “New
Great South American Kidney Cure.”
It is a great surprise on account of its
exceeding promptness in relieving pain
in bladder, kidneys and back, in male
or female. Relieves retention of water
almost immediately. If you want
quick relief and cure this is the remedy. Sold by E. J. Eldridge, druggist,
Americus, Ga.
Trying to keep from worrying is
what worries some people.
Among the tens of thousands who
have used Chamberlain’s Cough Remedy for colds and la grippe during the
past few years to our knowledge, not a
single case has resulted in pneumonia.
Thos. Whitfield & Co., 240 Wabash avenue, Chicago, one of the most prominent
retail druggists in that city, in
speaking of this, says: “We recommend Chamberlain’s Cough Remedy
for la grippe in many cases, as it not
only gives prompt and complete recovery, but also counteracts any tendency
of la grippe to result in pneumonia.”
For sale by John R. Hudson, Dodson’s
Pharmacy.
The Indian famine relief fund at
New York has reached $212,078.54.
FOR HOARSENESS.
Benj. Ingersoll, of Hutton, Ind., says
he had not spoken a word above a whisper for months, and one bottle of Foley's Honey and Tar restored his
voice. Used largely by speakers and singers. Davenport Drug Co.
It is probably called the gift of speech
because talk is cheap.
Many have lost confidence and hope
as well as health, because they thought
their kidney disease was incurable.
Foley’s Kidney Cure is a guaranteed
remedy for the discouraged and disconsolate. Davenport Drug Co.
One way to suppress a chronic borrower is to get your work in first.
Itch on human cured in 30 minutes
by Wollford’s Sanitary Lotion. This
never fails. Sold by E. J. Eldridge,
druggist, Americus, Ga.
Mr. McMillan Arrested.
Bamberg, S. C., Dec. 11.—Mrs. B. F.
McMillan, 19 years old and handsome,
has been arrested on a warrant sworn
out by her husband. The warrant was
issued in Charleston.
There is no end of
Old Virginia Cheroots
to waste, as there is no finished end to
cut off and throw away. When you
buy three Old Virginia Cheroots for
five cents, you have more to smoke,
and of better quality, than you have
when you pay fifteen cents for three
Five Cent cigars.
Three hundred million Old Virginia Cheroots smoked this
year. Ask your own dealer. Price, 3 for 5 cents.

DAILY MARKET REPORTS.
COTTON FUTURES.
New York, Dec. 11—Cotton futures
opened easy.
OPEN CLOSE
January 9.33 .... 9.21
February 9.24 .... 9.12
March 9.22 .... 9.10
April 9.18 .... 9.07
May 9.13 .... 9.04
June 9.12 .... 9.02
July 9.08 .... 9.00
August 8.91 .... 8.81
September 8.25 .... 8.20
October 8.93
November
December 9.47 .... 9.36
Spot cotton ruled dull and easy: middling uplands 9 3/4 c; middling strict 10c.
Married in Denver.
Denver, Dec. 11.—Paney G. Vouro
Vouraky, son and heir of George Vou
raky, one of the hereditary chieftains
of the island of Crete, one of the best
versed men of the day in the languages
of the Orient, with a record as a soldier
under many flags and an officer of the
United States secret service, was married in Denver by Magistrate Rice to
Mrs. Effie Cook, daughter of Fred Smith,
and granddaughter of the late Colonel
McMartin of the British guards.
CLOSING OUT ENTIRE STOCK.
E. D. Sheffield Co. to Sell Their Stock
Immediately
Having accepted a position with the
Bank of Commerce, made vacant by
the resignation of Mr. Lott Warren, I
am compelled to close out the entire
stock of goods of the E. D. Sheffield
Co. at once so that I may enter into
my bank position by Jan. 1st. In
order to accomplish this I realize that
we must sacrifice the goods to get rid
of them in so short a time. This we
will do. We all know that a merchant
who is in business to stay must charge
a reasonable profit on his goods or ultimately fail. I propose to sell out our
entire stock at less than New York
cost, and much less than any merchant
can afford. It will pay you to buy
now at least a year’s supply. You will
not have such an opportunity again
soon. Come and see us right away before the stock is badly broken. At
present our stock of shoes and clothing is complete, and quality second to
none in this city. While our dry
goods stock is small there are yet
many fine pieces of goods to be disposed of. We will sell the entire stock
in a lump or in lots, at retail, or, in
fact, any way to suit the buyer. Remember, this is your chance now to
get what you want for this stock must
be sold right away. Very respectfully,
E. D. Sheffield.
The world is not brought any nearer
to God by the secularization of the
church.
A Giant Nerve Builder.
The Mystic Life Renewer is the most
Powerful Nerve Builder known. It
absolutely cures all forms of Nervous
Diseases and Weaknesses no matter
how aggravated or how long duration,
such as Neuralgia, Nervous prostration, Nervous Paroxysms, St. Vitus’
Dance, Palpitation of the Heart, Physical and Mental Weakness, Debility of
Old Age, etc. Sold by E. J. Eldridge
druggist, Americus.
The pleasures of vice are as poisonous while the pains of virtue are ever pleasant.
CASTORIA
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature
According to the merchant’s creed
the best book is a profitable ledger.
Cold and cough cures are numerous,
but the one that leads all others in
merit, is Foley’s Honey and Tar,
which is in great demand these days.
Davenport Drug Co.
If you want to hear a hard-luck story
ask a man for money he owes you.
The most effective little liver pills
made are DeWitt’s Little Early Risers.
They never gripe. W. A. Rembert.
Election Notice.
Office of City Clerk and Treasurer,
Americus, Ga., Dec. 5th, 1900.
City election for mayor, three alder
men, clerk and treasurer and five members of the executive committee, on
December 12th, 1900. Polls open from
9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Only those having
paid all taxes for 1900, included, and
registered, are entitled to vote.
Henry S. Davis, C. & T.
Lots of men who are short on sense
are long on dollars.
The person who disturbed the congregation last Sunday by coughing, is
requested to call on Davenport Drug Co.
and get a bottle of Foley’s Honey and
Tar. It always gives relief. Davenport
Drug Co.
Gold dust has rendered many a man
blind to his duty.
FOR PNEUMONIA
Dr. C. J. Bishop, Agnew, Mich., says:
“I have used Foley’s Honey and Tar
in three very severe cases of pneumonia
with good results in every case.” Davenport Drug Co.
We often see week-old women and
week-old babies.
CASTORIA
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature

H. PARKER’S
HAIR BALSAM
Cleanses and beautifies the hair
Promotes a luxuriant growth.
Moves Falls to Restore Gray
Hair to its Youthful Color.
Cures scalp diseases, hair falling,
dandruff. Price 60 cents. Druggists.
CHICHESTER’S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal Pills
The Original and Only Genuine.
SAFE. Always reliable and safe, and the best Drug.
Look for CHICHESTER’S ENGLISH
in Red and Gold metallic boxes, sealed
with blue ribbon. Take no other. Keep
Away from Dangerous Substitutions and Imitations.
Close. Buy of your Druggist, or send 40 cents in
stamps for Particulars, Testimonials
and “Relief for Ladies,” a letter, by return Mail. 10,000 Testimonials. Sold by
all Druggists. Chichester Chemical Company
Mention this paper. Madison Park, Fill LA., Pa.
YOU CAN MAKE MORE MONEY
investing on the New York Stock Exchange
at present than in any other business. Our
inside information is the most reliable. No
losses and large profits up to date is our record. Send for our plans of operating in
stocks and our statements for October and
highest references. You can send us small
amounts to start with. For particulars, write
to WILSON & HARLEM, 52 Broadway, New
York.
THE WAY
To Win a Girl
is no secret to a man,
But a nice suit of clothes,
well made, such as we are now
making at
SPECIAL LOW PRICES,
will help you. An immense
variety of Suitings—and all
at business bringing prices.
Finninger Co.,
405 Jackson Street.
Honesty is a policy on which anyone
can afford to pay premiums.
ECZEMA, ITCHING HUMORS, PIM
PLES CURED BY B. B. B.
Bottle Free to Sufferers,
Does your Skin Itch and Burn? Distressing Eruptions on the Skin so you
are ashamed to be in company? Do
scabs and Scales form on the Skin, Hair
or Scalp? Have you Eczema? Skin Sore
and Cracked? Rash form on the Skin?
Prickling Pain in the Skin? Boils?
Pimples? Bone Pains? Swollen joints?
Falling Hair? All Run Down? Skin
Pale? Old Sores? Eating Sores? Ulcers? All these are not symptoms of
Eczema and Impurities and Poisons in
the blood. To cure to stay cured take
B. B. B. (Botanic Blood Balm) which
makes the blood pure and rich. B. B. B.
will cause the sores to heal, itching
of eczema to stop forever, the skin to
become clear and the breath sweet. B.
B. B. is just the remedy you have been
looking for. Thoroughly tested for 30
years. Our readers are advised to try
B. B. B. For sale by druggists at $1
per large bottle; six large bottles (full
treatment) $5. Complete directions with
each bottle. So sufferers may test it, a
trial bottle given away. Write for it.
Address BLOOD BALM CO., Atlanta,
Ga. Describe your trouble and Free
personal medical advice given.
Special Offering.
A splendid little suburban farm consisting of forty-five acres, fifteen acres
original woods. Thirty acres in high
cultivation. A beautiful cottage with
six rooms, with all necessary outbuildings. One and one quarter miles from
city hall. Apply to J. B. Felder, Real
Estate Agent.
Most of life’s shadows result from
standing in our own light.
For Rent.
The Coleman residence on Lee
street, also the Freeman farm of forty
nine acres. Address H. T. Davenport,
Americus, Ga.
It is better to make mistakes in trying
than to make the mistake of not trying
at all.
Don’t use any of the counterfeits of
DeWitt’s Witch Hazel Salve. Most of
them are worthless or liable to cause injury. The original DeWitt’s Witch
Hazel Salve is a certain cure for
eczema, cuts, scalds, burns,
skin diseases.
Experience is the pay a man gets for
making a fool of himself.
A cold, cough or la grippe can be
“nipped in the bud” with a dose or two
of Foley’s Honey and Tar. Beware
of substitutes. There is nothing so
good. Davenport Drug Co.
An old bachelor says that the wives
of women are mostly postscripts.
DeWitt’s Little Early Risers are
dainty little pills, but they never fail to
cleanse the liver, remove obstructions
and invigorate the system. W. A.
Rembert.
Thoughts are beautiful only as they
are crystallized into deeds.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the
Signature of