PAGE SIX

times-recorder
PUBLISHED 1879
Published by
The Times-Recorder Co., (Inc.)
Lovelace Eve, Editor and Publisher
Entered second class in the postoffice
at America, Georgia, according to the Act of
Congress.
1879
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to
the use for the republication of all news dispatched to
it or not otherwise credited to the paper and also the local news published herein. All rights of republication of special dispatches
are also reserved.
National Advertising Representatives, FROST
LANDIS & KOHN, Brunswick Bldg., York;
Copies, Gas Bldg., Chicago.
Diversification
Diversification on the farms
is receiving as much attention in
the West and Northwest as
down here in the cotton belt.
We have had much to say
about the cow, the hog and the
hen. Away up in the wheat
country they are making a drive
for the three H's—the hog, the
hen and the heifer. The South
is not alone in its desire to break
the one-crop system. Wheat
has been as disastrous to the
West as cotton to the South.
Diversification is being offered as the only cure for the ills of the one-crop system.
The Dakota Farmer, agricultural magazine, says the
“Hen, Hog and Heifer” offer |
the best cure for “wheat sickness,” and declares that—
“Wheat sickness can be cured.
“All good doctors of agriculture agree. After a careful diagnosis each one has arrived at
the same conclusion and prescribed the same medicine.
“The cure-all is diversification. Whether it is the soil, the market or the man the wheat farmer
that is suffering, a good wholesome dose of this potent panacea will bring relief. In every
case where used according to
directions it has brought renewed strength and vigor to the
thin, overworked soil, has removed that troubled expression
from the wheat farmer’s face,
cured his insomnia and lessened
his backaches. It is also guaranteed to make the market
stronger and more active.
“Little human ailments are
often warnings of a more serious condition, which if undiscov-
ered might prove disastrous.
Likewise the ‘too much wheat’
curse may be a blessing in disguise, according to leading thinkers in the agricultural world
who say that the ‘pill’ will not
seem so bitter provided it
brings an era of real diversified
farming.
“Just now the three H’s of agriculture, the hen, hog and heifer, offer the less expensive
course of treatment for the ills
from wheat farming. It is a
method most any banker will
finance.”
The farmer with one crop has
all his eggs in one basket. He
is taking the Big Gamble, placing all his stakes on the turn of
one card. It matters not that it
is cotton, wheat or corn, unless
everything is favorable, he loses.
It was poor business for the
South before the advent of the
boll weevil, and now it is the
height of business folly, especially when one considers that it is
not necessary.
German Hate
When Woodrow Wilson passed
on to his reward,
the German embassy refused to lower its flag,
as all other embassies in Washington had done.
Mr. Wilson was a friend of
the German people. He had
demonstrated this throughout
the years of the war, and after.
It was a miserable blunder and
one that reflected discredit on
those in power.
That Mr. Wilson was a friend
of the German people is borne
out in a recent article in a German weekly from the pen of
Count Von Bernstorff, former
German ambassador to the
United States.
Von Bernstorff defends Mr.
Wilson against almost universal
charges by the Germans of a
betrayal of Germany, and also
calls the German public’s attention to the untruth of the generally accepted statement that
Germany laid down arms in the
world war through belief in
President Wilson’s “fourteen
points.”
“This is a falsification of history as everyone knows who
was present at the negotiations,”
said Von Bernstorff. “We laid
down our arms because headquarters urgently asked it to
avoid catastrophe, and only
when we called President Wilson’s help in connection with his
fourteen points.
“It may be doubted whether
it was clever to address the
president, whom we had offended two years before. In its
result its intervention was successful for we got, by it, a moral
victory. The Versailles treaty,
became a breach of agreement,
while otherwise it would have
been only a consequence of our
military destruction.”
In his articles, Von Bernstorff
reminds the Germans that President Wilson fought successfully
for Germany on the question of
boundaries. He emphasizes that
without President Wilson Germany would have lost the Rhine
and the River Sorre. Von Bern-
storff quotes from Mr. Wilson’s last speeches, in which he
declared that France by invading
the Ruhr had made the Versailles
treaty null. In conclusion,
he urged the Germans to be more
temperate in their estimate of
Wilson.
German hate to some extent
was the cause of the World
War. German hate prolonged
the World War after hope of
victory had passed. German
hate will prolong Germany’s return to prosperity. The Germans will do well to listen to
Von Bernstorff.
Young Holman’s Kite
A new steel arch bridge, connecting our country with Canada, will be built across the Niagara Gorge. Not much excitement about this, for there
already are 13 bridges nearby.
But there's a real thrill in turning back the pages of history
and recalling how the first was
built, a matter of three-quarters
of a century ago.
Engineers were baffled when
it came to getting a line across
the river, though nowadays, a
flying machine or a modified
cannon would turn the trick
easily.
In desperation, they called on
small boys to help by flying
kites. Young Holman Walsh
won, his kite landing on the
far shore. Then the small kite
string was used to pull a heavier
line across the river, followed
by a small rope, then a big rope,
finally the necessary steel cables.
Passengers traveled over in an
iron basket attached to the cables. Trips were $1.25 apiece.
It was a bridge, though hardly
worthy of the name.
There is something both amusing and thrilling in the thought
of young Holman Walsh and
his boy friends coming to the
rescue of the perplexed construction engineers with their simple
kites in the late ‘40s.
A big problem, yet it had a
simple solution. So with most
problems, they are inherently
simple but they baffle because
people are inclined to seek a
complicated solution.
Howe worked for years to invent the sewing machine. He
was about ready to quit in despair when his wife impatiently
shoved him aside, sat down at
the machine, turned the wheel
and said: ‘Put the thread eyelet down at the pointed or lower end of the needle.”
All problems are simple. Man
does the complicating.
Animal Stuff
It isn’t true that the ostrich
attempts to hide from danger
by burying his head in the sand.
Instead, he lies down with his
neck stretched along the
ground. In which position, he
looks like one of the large desert ant hills, even close at hand.
So the ostrich, after all, is
wise and we’ve been unfair to
him for centuries by jesting
about his stupidity. A lot of
other inherited ideas that we
confidently accept as gospel
truth are really as false as the
hokum about the “stupid” ostrich.
The truth about the ostrich
is from the fascinating book,
“Animal Personalities,” by Samuel A. Derieux. He finds the
goat is the busybody of the animal kingdom, more curious than
any creature except man.
The goat’s curiosity leads him
to poke his head into everything.
So we get our expression, “butt
in” and “buttinsky.” Wells
overlooked this in his "Outline
of History."
Derieux says he has never
been able to figure out why one
dog is courageous and another
not. One theory is that each
animal does the thing which is
best for its own protection. So
a weak dog is protected by a
natural timidity. A strong dog
doesn’t need this protection.
That’s also the case with men.
You rarely see a really strong
man who is cowardly. Size
doesn’t matter much. A small
man often is powerful, a big
man fundamentally weak.
When it comes to intelligence,
Derieux rates dogs third. He
agrees with Dr. Hornady that
the chimpanzee is the most intelligent animal, with the elephant second. The smartest
bird, he finds, is the crow
which travels in bands and posts
sentinels to warn of danger.
McAdoo’s friends have found
that McAdoo’s do.
The third party is said to hope
ful this time, while the other two
parties think there is a crowd.
Teacher in Indiantown, Fla., says
the earth is flat, reminding us
Voliva hasn’t had any publicity in a
long time.
THE AMERICUS TIMES-RECORDER
DAILY POEM By Lionel Rawl
PIE
The apple of every American eye
Is pie.
For raising the spirits and keeping ’em high,
Take pie.
From Miami, Fla., to Mackinac, Mich.,
Good pie is the berries, a peach of a dish,
A food to meet each epicurean’s wish
Is pie.
The old sigh and the little ones cry
For pie.
The kind that you make—not the kind that you buy,
Some pie
Is punk in its filling and punk in its crust,
And custard by people who never have cussed,
But good home-made pie you can eat till you bust,
That’s pie!
A lemon pie’s never a lemon to me,
Oh, my!
I scream with delight when a cream pie I see,
That’s pie;
I won’t give the razz to a raspberry tart,
I’m not at all chary of cherry; my heart
At coconut pie gives a leap and a start.
What man has the consummate crust to deny
The lure of rightly made,
Lightly made
Pie?
OPINIONS OF
OTHER EDITORS
THE IRISH ENTRY
Ireland is competing with
Egypt. A skeleton dug up near
Dublin is said to be 3,000 years
old.—Rome News-Tribune.
BRUNSWICK’S BRIDGE PARTY
Brunswick is going to give a
big bridge party next Tuesday
night. It is to hold a meeting
to get the money to pay for the new
bridge to St. Simons. —Savannah
Press.
THE SOVIET TRIUMPH
Soviet Russia has triumphed
with the recognition of England
and smaller countries are falling
in line almost every day. The
blockade seems to have been relieved and Russia may now put
into practice its nefarious form
of government without any check
—Thomasville Times-Enterprise.
WAIT A MINUTE
See some fig leaf bathing suits
advertised in the paper as being
most comfortable, snappy and
cute. Going to the seashore this
summer if we have to walk and
eat blackberries along the way.
Our days are numbered and can’t
be here so many years and these
suits might go out of style.
Bound to go.—Bainbridge Post-
Searchlight.
WHERE WIVES COME FROM
“Wise young men do not hunt
for wives on the streets, or at
shows.” In the modest seclusion
of happy homes, helping mother,
or in the Sunday school and
church, helping to make the
world better, or in the school
room leading young lives into a
higher plane—in places like these
they seek to find them. And the
young men that gadding girls
“catch” are not worth the catching.”—Fitzgerald Leader-Enterprise.
CHIEF GILL’S ORDER
Chief of Police Gill issued a
very important and timely order
to the police department when
he forbade the members of the
force to engage in unnecessary
shooting to stop persons who run
charged with a misdemeanor violation of the state law and also
violations of the city ordinances.
The chief says:
“You have no legal right to
shoot at any one who attempts
to escape from you by running,
especially when you have only a
misdemeanor charge, or a minor
violation of the city ordinances.
You are responsible for your acts,
in case you should kill or wound
any one. The city is not
responsible.”
The emphasis with which Chief
Gill places the responsibility on
police officers for such acts as
he mentions should have a salutary effect upon each and all of
them. No man has a right to
kill another except in defense of
himself or of those who are dependent upon him as their lawful
protector, or in the defense of
his rights in certain instances. —
Columbus Enquirer Sun.
THOMASVILLE LION’S CLUB
The Lion’s club of Thomas-
ville is to receive its charter
tomorrow evening in a meeting
arranged for the Tosco Hotel.
This club has been organized for
some months but has delayed the
charter reception until such a
time as the membership has become thoroughly aware of the inspirational features of the work
and were acquainted with the
principles which the organization sponsors. They are fit now
and Thomasville will initiate a
club formally tomorrow night
that will be of public benefit
and that will inspire service from
many men, whose reputation, intelligence and ability make it a
portentous affair for Thomasville progress.
These so-called “Luncheon
Clubs” have proven a great success throughout the world, because they are not only luncheon
clubs but clubs that lunch for the
purpose of getting better acquainted, developing fellowship and of stimulating and
inspiring men to unselfish public
service.—Thomasville Times-
Enterprise.
UNGRATEFUL
Sweden builds museum-houses,
showing exactly how people lived
and worked centuries ago. Children, as part of their school training, are taken these museums to
educate them in progress.
The same idea would be a corking good thing for our country,
and adults should be compelled to
join the sightseers, to make our
generation appreciate the easy time
it has, compared with the early
pioneers! No one fully appreciates
modern convenience, luxuries and
short hours of work.
POWER
The new electricity generator at
Niagara Falls—70,000 horsepower
—does work that otherwise would
require 700,000 tons of coal a
year.
Multiply this by 10 and you have
the coal saved by
electricity at Niagara.
The force of falling water, nicknamed “white coal,” is destined to
play a tremendously important role
in America’s future. There’s a
strong tendency to allow private interests to get possession of water
power. This tendency is dangerous
and foolish.
AUTOMATIC
During the growing season for
potatoes, there passes through the
plants on an acre of land the enormous quantity of 700 tons of water. All this is as automatic a process as the movements of a printing
press.
Did you ever stop to think how
many of the actions of people are
equally automatic? The subconscious mind is supposed to regulate
these actions—digestion, for instance. The human body is 90 percent automatic.
OLD
Germany finds its oldest dwelling,
1200 years old. They built for permanence in those days.
Punch, English comic magazine,
printed picture of a modern house
that had collapsed before finished.
The contractor storms to the foreman: “Didn’t I tell you not to take
down the scaffolding before you
put on the wallpaper?”
MEAT
In the last year Americans ate
more meat than ever before, according to the packers’ national organization.
Medical examiners for insurance
companies accordingly will be instructed to watch more closely for
high blood pressure.
The secret of sensible diet is
moderation. Too much is as bad
as not enough, in the matter of
food, possibly worse.
Digging in ancient ruins the
French scientists, Montet and Vincent, prove that the alphabet of the
ancient Phoenicians was in use at
least 3100 years ago. This alphabet was the ancestor of the one we
use today.
Nearly every human thought must
be expressed in the various combinations of our alphabet’s 26 letters. The alphabet in many ways
is man’s greatest discovery. Imagine the confusion without it.
STIMULANT
Hudson Maxim started an argument when he declared that the
Volstead act prohibited tea and
coffee. In a cup of black coffee
there’s as much as two grains
of caffeine, in tea there’s tannin,
another drug. Both of these are
more stimulating than a similar
amount of beer. But they aren’t
alcoholic.
In the old days black coffee was
the bar-fly’s favorite remedy for
a hangover.
OUR OWN HYDRA-HEADED MONSTER
OLD DAYS IN AMERICUS
Ten years ago today
(From The Times-Recorder, Feb.
27, 1914.)
The stockholders of the Planters
Bank of Americus held their annual meeting on Tuesday, 24th inst.
The entire board of directors serving for the past year was re-elected. At the meeting of the directors, which followed, the active officers of the bank were re-elected,
L. G. Council being elected president; C. M. Council, vice president,
and H. S. Council cashier. The
office of assistant cashier was
created by the board, and Mr. T.
E. Bolton, who has been employed
in the clerical department for a
long term of years, was elected to
fill this office.
If Chief McArthur would win
more firmly the regard of snow
bound Americus and thus nail in
advance the city’s support for any
vacancy as senator or governor, let
him turn the hose this morning on
the drifted snow on the South side
of Lamar and Forsyth streets.
These spots are not touched by the
sun, and while the drifted snow is
melting in other localities, it will
remain in these shaded places for
a week yet.
The many friends of Dr. E. L.
Thurman are pleased at his rapid
convalescence from an operation
for appendicitis. He expects to be
able to leave the sick room in a
day or two.
TWENTY YEARS AGO TODAY
(From The Times-Recorder, Feb.
27, 1904.)
Miss Maria Harrold, president of
the Ladies Memorial Society of
Americus, calls an important meeting at 11 o’clock this morning at
the Public library.
Prof. J. E. Mathis returned home
yesterday from Atlanta, where he
mingled with the educators of the
country during the recent N. E. A.
convention.
Miss Agnes Hawkins is the
charming guest of Miss Mamie
Clarke, for a week on College street.
Miss Maggie Bivins, of Milledgeville, is the pretty little guest of
her cousin, Miss Lucy Barrow Taylor, at her home on Lee street.
The lineup to date for solicitor
of city courts of Sumter county
consists of Messrs. Joe A. Nusley,
for many years solicitor, Zack Chitwood, Allen Fort, Jr., Charles Winchester and James Taylor. Certainly a legal array; 6,200 candle
power brilliancy from which Gov.
Terrell makes a choice. The current term expires in the fall, but
Gov. Terrell will make the appointment in time for confirmation by
the Senate at the forthcoming summer session. The pay of the solicitors in fees, and the office is
Up near the monument yesterday
stood a large country wagon
loaded down with home raised hams
of finest quality, and the owner
quickly sold the cargo to merchants
at 12 1/2 cents per pound.
The handshake that went out of
style eighteen months ago is coming back this spring and will be
quite fashionable during the summer.
THIRTY YEARS AGO TODAY
(From The Times-Recorder, Feb.
27, 1894.)
Lollie Woods, the little daughter
of Mr. George Woods, and who was
severely burned Saturday afternoon,
was resting easily yesterday and
every hope is now entertained of
her recovery.
That popular organization, “The
Club” will meet evening at,
7:30 at the residence of Mr. Frank
Lanier on Lee street. Following is the very interesting program arranged for the occasion.
Question Mental Music, Miss Fanny Campbell; Humorous Reading,
Mr. W. A. Dodson; Recitation, Miss
Jennie Stapleton; Vocal Duet, Mes-
srs. Lane and Daniel; Original
Story, Rev. Robert Adams; “Tour
Around the World,” Miss Sarah
Wheeler; Instrumental Music, Miss
Helen Worthy; Recitation, Miss
Nannie Dodson; Song, Mrs. John A.
Cobb.
Mr. and Mrs. John Windsor
complimented a party of friends
last evening and enjoyed with them
the delightful music discoursed by
Gorton’s, musical artists. Mes-
dames Homan, Evans and Jenkins
were the honored guests. The
ladies were handsomely entertained
last night and the party was quite
distinguished.
The Doctors of Law in Washington are doing a bit of probing.
The political platform is still slippery with oil.
Two Los Angeles men ask divorce because they do the washing
This came out in the wash.
There is a great deal of talk on
the political party lines.
HEAD COLDS
Melt in spoon; inhale vapors;
apply freely up nostrils.
VICKS
VapoRub
Over 17 Million Jars Used Yearly
L. G. COUNCIL, President. T. E. BOLTON, Ass’t. Cashier
C. M. COUNCIL, V.-P. and Cashier. J. E. KIKER, Ass’t. Cashier,
The Planters Bank of Americus,
(Incorporated)
1891 - 1924
Upon the foundation
of eighty-three years of
its growth is based the
present organization of
the bank. This experience
always is the command of our customers. We cordially
solicit your banking
business.
The Bank With a Surplus
RESOURCES OVER $1,700,000
PROMPT. CONSERVATIVE. ACCOMMODATING
No Account Too Large; None Too Small
THE STANDARD
95c BARGAINS FOR TWO DAYS
ONLY. THE SALE BEGINS
WEDNESDAY MORNING AT 9
O’CLOCK, CLOSES THURSDAY
AT 6 P. M.
95c for 5 yards best standard 32
inch Dress Gingham; value 25c to
29c yard.
95c for 10 yards 36 inch Curtain
Scrim, 36 inches wide, double border.
95c for 5 yards best standard
Bleaching, full yard wide.
95c for 4 pairs Ladies Genuine
Buster Brown Lisle Stockings, all
sizes.
95c for 4 pairs Men’s Buster
Brown Socks, black, brown, gray
and navy.
95c for 8 yards good quality
Apron Gingham, fast colors.
95c for 5 yards 36 inch Cretonne,
great variety of pretty patterns.
95c for 3 pairs Ladies best 50c
Silk Stockings, black, brown and
gray.
95c for 3 Men’s Four-in-Hand
Ties, plain silks or knitted silks.
95c for 4 yards best linen finished
Indian Head Cloth.
95c for 2 yards highly mercerized
95c for 4 Turkish Towels, actual size 22x44 inches.
95c for 4 Huck Towels, plain or
blue borders, size 18x36 inches.
95c for bleached ready made
Sheets, size 72x90 inches.
95c for 4 Gold Seal Pillow Cases,
full size, best quality.
95c for 10 pairs Children’s Socks,
black and brown, all sizes.
95c for Men’s Umbrellas, 28
inch size, fast black American taffeta covers.
95c for Boys’ Union Suits, ribbed or fleeced lined, all sizes.
95c for 3 yards Shirting Madras,
36 inches wide, new patterns.
95c for 4 yards genuine Japanese
Crepe, colors warranted.
95c for 4 bars of our famous
Castile Soap, 1 1/2 pound cakes.
95c for 20 cans Lighthouse
Cleanser, regularly 8c can.
95c for one lot of Ladies’ Gingham Dress of best quality gingham.
95c for Ladies’ Bed-room Slippers, all colors and sizes.
95c for 2 Boys’ Blue Chambray
Work Shirts, all sizes.
95c for 2 Rag Rugs, medium
sizes, well made, all colors.
95c for 5 yards guaranteed Linen Towel Crash, full width.
95c for 2 Linen Huck Towels,
full regular size, blue or white
borders.
95c for 5 yards Turkish Toweling, full width, heavy quality.
NONE SOLD TO MERCHANTS.
All the Above Advertised Bargains
Will Be Ready Wednesday Morning at 9 o’Clock.
Standard Dry Goods
Company
Forsyth St. Next Bank of Commerce
AMERICUS, GA.