p<^<SXS€X5XS®(2XsX5X5)®<SX2X5X5)<5X5!®®X5X5X5X5X5)®<5X5)«ax5)®SXS)®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
Doherty Coal Co.
Hand-Picked
COAL
$8.00 PER TON
Corner 1st and C St.
TELEPHONE 46-K

s
!anJanlar]afU3njanl^nJanaT.';3jTJ3njanjanianiani2njaniarj=!nisnisnisjoeinicii«c3n*i'Ji=aq.
CARL W. BOLTE
Hardware, Glass Ware and
China Ware
Flashlights of All Descriptions.
PRICES REASONABLE Fourth Avenue.

EDW. T. McNALLY WM. MAITLAND
M’Nally & Maitland
Lumber
Wood
We carry a complete stock of common dimension. Finish that is CLEAR and properly kiln-dried.
SALES AGENTS
ESKA CREEK COAL CO.
COAL $8.00 PER TON
Yard and Office Foot of G St.
Phone 41R
laafiBffiaaaBBraa^^

IT’S A REAL PLEASURE
to view the new wall decorations on
view here exclusively. They are so
unconventional, so out of the common
and so unusually artistically attractive.
If you plan to repaper you
should by all means see these new
papers. To decide without doing so
is apt to result in regret later.
EVANS & FRANTZEN

THE HOUSE OF CLEAN
SPORT.

THE B. B. C. Co.
I MONARCH
WORLD’S
BEST

ROB ARTS’ BILLIARD
AND BOWLING
PARLORS.
P. O. Opposite.
o:o:o:o:o:o:o:c:o:o:o:o:o:o:o:o:o:o:o:o:o:o:o:o^q
SERVICE BARBER
SHOP.
ROBARTS BUILDING
Shampooing and Face Massage
A Specialty.
q.q:otq:q:o:oio:q:o.o:oxio.o.o.o.o:oio:o:o:o.o£>.o

CHOVIN SUPPLY
5th and C.
Carries Everything in Electrical
Supplies and Fixtures
to make a happy Home
Agent for
FRISCO STANDARD
CAS ENGINES.
KITAK SHOW CASE CO.
Furniture, Cabinets.
Bank and Office Fixtures
Made To Order
Kiln Dried & Seasoned Lumber
Factory Opposite White House
NOTICE.
The Auditorium of the Labor Temple
may be rented for social affairs
and entertainments, also club rooms
and offices on the upper floor. Call on
the secretary or phone for particulars. 512

EX-SENATOR
HAS MINES OF
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. 1.—Is W. A.
Clark, mine king and former senator
from Montana, overhauling John D. as
the richest man in America?
That’s the word out here. War prices on metals have enormously increased Clark’s already fabulous income. And the difference between Clark and Rockefeller and other American money monarchs is that Clark’s holdings are all in his own name and that of his family.
His intimates here say he could
raise $100,000,000 in cash in 24 hours
out of his own storehouse of wealth
and that he is probably the only man
in the United States who can.
His Rich Arizona Mine.
United Verde, the Arizona copper
mine for which Clark recently refused
$75,000,000, is alone paying him a
monthly dividend of $2,000,000. His
Butte mines also yield him enormous
sums.

Aside from the $50,000,000 he gave
France, the adopted land of his children, Clark has $20,000,000 loose change he doesn’t know what to do with.
A French syndicate wanted to purchase United Verde. “The Old Man,” as they call him here, said:
“Well, I don’t want to sell Verde,
but I suppose everything has its price.
Tell you what I’ll do. You survey the
property and pay me ten cents a
pound for all the ore actually in
sight.”
Worth a Staggering Sum.
When at 10 cents a pound the actual
ore bulked to the staggering figure of
$60,000,000 the syndicate threw up
their hands. And copper is today selling around 35 cents a pound!
Clark has a $15,000,000 home in
New York, a $10,000,000 chateau in
Paris where his children live, another
palace in Los Angeles and the old
home in Butte.
In New York the brass trust wanted
to hold him up on the $1,000,000 fixtures for his Fifth Avenue home, so
Clark started a foundry of his own,
just for that purpose.

Starting as a bull team driver, a
vendor of spices and baking powders
here in the early days, he got in on the
first whack at the “billion-dollar hill”
at Butte.
Today, at 76, he has mines in Montana, Arizona, California, Michigan, owns the Salt Lake line from Butte to Los Angeles, has oil properties in Wyoming—in fact owns tremendous properties in nearly every state.
Every night he knows just what has
happened every day on all his holdings. He gets reports from them all—a bushel basket of telegrams every
night at the New York offices.
Politics Cost Him Millions.
His political fights in Montana—and
they have been on the theory that
might makes right—have cost this
super-rich man millions.
It is from these political battles
that Clark says he has learned the
philosophy to which he today ascribes
his remarkable energy and business
acumen.
“I have learned never to worry,” he
asserts, “to conserve my energies. The
result is that I sleep like a child when
my head touches the pillow, and I
wake up fresh for any task.”

GERMANS DESTROYED THOUSANDS OF AIRCRAFT DURING WAR
BERLIN, Feb. 22.—From the beginning of the war to January 31, 1917,
German battle planes and anti-aircraft batteries destroyed 1,002 hostile
machines, or 167 enemy squadrons of
six machines each, according to official statistics obtained by the Overseas
News agency. In the period
stated 1,700 hostile aviators were put
out of combat and machines valued at 50,000,000 marks were
destroyed.
Found—The best meals in Anchorage at Cameron’s Cafe. 354
Ranch eggs at the Mint.
574

WASHINGTON, Feb. 21. — (By
mail.)—Impending changes in the diplomatic service of the United States
after March 4 are deeply interesting
politicians here. Only President Wilson himself knows where the axe is to
fall. It is certain, however, that there
will be a number of retirements in the
first line and also that many men now
holding positions as ministers will be
brought home to private life.
President Wilson has before him the
records of all the ambassadors and
ministers. Their resignations will be
in his hands when he takes the oath of
office as president for the second term
of March 4. Although it has been customary in the past for members of the
diplomatic corps to submit their resignations when a president has been
re-elected, that has not been adhered to of late. In this instance President
Wilson has let it be known that he
will expect all resignations to be
forwarded.
That there will be a change in a
number of the leading capitals is taken for granted. Gossip here asserts
that Ambassador Page in London is to
come home. His failure to get any
concessions from the British government in the boycott, mails and ship
detention matters has been ascribed to
an overabundance of amiability. However, he is a very close friend of the
president and if he is brought home it
will be in part because he wants to
come back.

Colonel House Talked Of.
In this connection there have been a
number of suggestions that Col. E. M.
House, the president’s closest adviser,
will go to London. The colonel has
denied this and the White House has
characterized the report as “at least
premature,” but it persists in diplomatic
circles. It is said that the president
recognizes that in the peace negotiations that will end the war, Great
Britain will be the most formidable
factor and that in consequence he will
want this country to be represented in
London by the one man who alone
knows his views as to the form peace
should take.
There will be no change at Petrograd. David R. Francis, of St. Louis, will remain there, officials say. If he
so desires. He has proved an ideal
diplomat and has succeeded in forcing
respect in quarters that up to now
have treated the United States with
very scant consideration.
Whether there are to be changes at
Paris or Vienna is not known as yet.
It is understood that the president
would like to continue all the ambassadors in the belligerent countries until the war is over, if possible, but that
he has been urged to make at least
three changes.
So far as the corps of ministers is
concerned it is expected that there will
be many changes and that all purely
political officials will be replaced with
likely diplomatic timber.

WEATHER REPORT.
7 a. m. March 10, 1917.
Station Temp. Day Wind Trail Snow
Anchorage 26 Snow Calm Fair 12 in.
Potter Creek 28 Snow Calm Fair 13 in.
Summit 25 Snow Calm Drift 35 in.
Kern Creek 30 Cloudy Calm Fair 10 in.
Mile 52 26 Cloudy North Drift 45 in.
Indian Creek 30 Cloudy Calm Fair 6 in.
Seward 28 Clear North Fair 9 in.
Matanuska 30 Snow Calm Drift 8 in.
King River 30 Snow Calm Fair 14 in.
Kashwitna 30 Snow Calm Fair 40 in.
Deadhorse 30 Cloudy N. E. Good 42 in.
Talkeetna 38 Snow North Good 34 in.
Read The Daily Times and be an
Anchorage booster.
Maps of Alaska for Sale. Robarts.
Anvisning For Arbeidere
Svenska Arbetares
Hjem
EUREKA HOUSE
A. P. RASMUSSEN, Prop.
Aviserog Boker fran Hjemlandet

♦♦MM I IWMt I » MMMMMMf
******* 1 ‘ T t I I tt 111 » 111 I I 111|
FRISCO CAFE
OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.
Everything in Season and Service the Very Best.
Private Boxes for Large or Small Parties.
ONCE A PATRON ALWAYS A PATRON
♦♦♦ I 11HH4111 » 111 > 111 <»♦>♦♦♦♦<’♦»»♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦

BOTH CAPITAL
AND LABOR IS
ALASKA’S NEED
SEATTLE, Feb. 17.—“Alaska’s crying need at the present time is mining men and capital, men with money,
who are willing to invest and those
who can mine and are willing to work.”
This is the statement made by F. M.
Kempler, who, with George J. Love,
United States commissioner at Valdez,
is a guest at the Frye this week, looking after mining interests, says the
Times.
“Alaska has a gold belt 200 miles
wide that cannot be equaled in any
part of the United States, and as a
mining proposition is undoubtedly the
richest country in the world,” said
Mr. Kempler. “There is not the least
doubt in my mind, and I have visited
about every big mining community in
the continent.

Dog Teams Supplanted.
"The roads throughout the territory
are being put in good condition,
though some of the older roads are
not kept up as well as they will be
later, but the automobile has supplanted the dog team in transporting mails,
and modern improvements have
wrought a miraculous change, and
business men throughout the country
are taking, and will take, advantage
of this comparatively new country in
which there is room for untold development.
“The effect of the fire on Valdez
will be the same as the epoch-making
fire that nearly wiped out Seattle during its early progress. Newer and
more substantial buildings will be
erected in place of the old wooden
structures that were set up during
the gold rush and the result will be
a new town with an increased and
brighter outlook upon the future
which bids fair to outstrip all other
Alaskan cities.”

BRITISH DRAWING NET CLOSER AROUND ENEMY IN AFRICA
LONDON, Feb. 23.—Cape Town
dispatches state that the British forces
in German East Africa are drawing ever closer the net around the remnants of the enemy army cornered in a vast swamp of the southeast. The British government has appointed a civil administrator of the
conquered territory, the whole of
which, north of the Central railway,
which runs across from the ocean to
Lake Tanganyika, will be thrown open
to trade soon. This renders available
the resources of the richest portion
of the territory, and opens up a direct
and easy outlet for those of the Belgian Congo, which enormous region is
brought by railroads weeks nearer to
Europe.
Wedding, birthday and fine cakes to
order. North Pole Bakery. 567
Daily War Bulletins at Peterson’s.
Phone 43-Y for car, day or night.
Wood and Coal a specialty. Universal
Taxi and Transfer. 126
North Pole Bakery serves lunches
after the show. 567
Fred Carlquist, who is a graduate
optician from San Francisco, is permanently established with George Osborn, the C St. Jeweler, and will examine eyes free. 260
Maps of Alaska for Sale. Robarts.
Lost—My appetite until I had a
meal at Cameron's Cafe. 364

:o:o:oio:o:oioioioioioio:o:oioio:oioioio:
Union Laundry,
and Bath House
Fourth Ave., Between H and I,
Anchorage
OCR WORK 18 GUARANTEED
—and—
SANITARY
| THE LARGEST AND CLEANEST
BATH TUBS IN ANCHORAGE *
THE COOK INLET
TRANSFER CO.
WOOD AND ICE
A SPECIALTY.
MARIUS BENSON
Mgr.
:o;oio:oio:o:oioioio:o:o:oioio:o:o:o^:oio:(

Sanitary Market
The only cold storage plant in connection with market in Anchorage.
Home-made Sausages. Fruits. Vegetables, Butter and Eggs at wholesale. Restaurants and roadhouses,
special attention.
10th Ave., Ret JJ* and I Sts.
E. E. KURTZ & CO.
1
Inlet Soda Works
W. A. TAYLOR, Proprietor
Manufacturers of all kinds of
MINERAL WATERS, SODA,
CIDER, SYRUPS.
AGENTS FOR GRAPE JUICE
Anchorage - - Alaska
FREDERICK & NELSON
SEATTLE/
Invite you to send to them for
such items in FURNITURE and
DRY GOODS as cannot be readily
supplied by the merchants in your
own community,
rp .
All such orders received by
FREDERICK & NELSON receive
the prompt, personal attention of
an expert shopper, and Parcel Post
shipments are sent POSTAGE
PAID to any point in Alaska.

QUINN BOARDING
HOUSE.
Board by the Day or Week.
Corner 3rd and C St.
Hegg & Laurence
COMMERCIAL AND
PICTORIAL PHOTOGRAPHY
Interior, Flashlight Work a
Specialty.
Kodak Developing and Printing
HARMONY THEATRE.
CARROL & CO.
Fourth St., near E
MEN’S OUTFITTERS
Complete stock of Clothing,
Shoes and furnishings.
Get your eyes examined free
George Osborn’s, the leading jeweler,
by Fred Carlquist, graduate optician.
Satisfaction guaranteed. 260