!

4

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.
DAILY AND WEEKLY,

PUBLISHED BY

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN COMPANY.

MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS.

OFFICIAL CITY PAPER.

Publication Office: 40 North Tenth Street,
Wharton Block. Telephone No. 47.

Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix, Arizona,
as second-class mail matter.

STAND BY FOR AIDE

PHOENIX, MARCH 31, 1896.

REPUBLICAN TERRITORIAL CONVENTION.

HEADQUARTERS REPUBLICAN TERRITORIAL CENTRAL COMMITTEE,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, MARCH 17, 1896.

TO THE REPUBLICAN VOTERS OF ARIZONA:
A delegate convention of the Republican Party of the Territory of Arizona is hereby called to assemble in the City of Phoenix, Arizona, at 10 o'clock a.m., on Wednesday, April 29th, 1896, for the purpose:
I. The selection of six delegates to the National Republican Convention to be held in the City of St. Louis, Missouri, on June 16, 1896; and the selection of an alternate for each thereof.
II. The nomination of a candidate for delegate to Congress. Provided, however, that if the convention shall deem it inexpedient to nominate a candidate at this time, then said convention shall determine a date for such nomination, and the manner in which the same shall be made.
III. The selection of a Territorial Central Committee.
IV. The transaction of such other business as may properly come before said convention.
The basis of representation in this convention will be one delegate for every fifty votes, and one delegate for each fraction of fifty, over 25 cast for Hon. N. O. Murphy for Delegate to Congress at the November election of 1894. The representation will therefore be as follows:
Apache 5
Cochise 1
Coconino 1
Gila 2
Graham 9
Maricopa 27
Mohave 2
Navajo 1
Pima 10
Pinal 2
Yavapai 22
Yuma 3
Total number of delegates 83

It is ordered that proxies in this convention shall be held only by regularly elected delegates from the respective counties to said convention. It is ordered that the credentials of delegates shall consist of the statement that the following persons (naming them) have been duly elected delegates to the territorial convention, and this statement shall be dated and signed by the chairman and secretary of the county convention.
A full attendance at this convention of not only the delegates, but of representative Republicans, is earnestly desired.
By order of the Republican Territorial Central Committee.
JOS. H. KIRBY,
B. L. Ross, Chairman.
Secretary.

REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMITTEE.

PHOENIX, ARIZONA, MARCH 21, 1896.
To the Members of the Republican County Central Committee:
Gentlemen: You are hereby requested to meet at Phoenix on Wednesday, March 25, 1896, at 1 o'clock p.m., at the City Hall, for the purpose of calling a county convention to elect delegates to the territorial convention to be held at Phoenix April 29, 1896.
M. H. McCORD, Chairman.

Of the Goulds in New York. They had been assessed on $10,500,000 in New York city, but resisted the assessment on the ground that they were not citizens of that city, and in fact crossed over into New Jersey with their washing to dodge the burden of taxation. The matter was carried into the courts and a few days since the state's cases were dismissed, the corporation's representative announcing that it had been determined to abandon the suits on the ground that the defendants could establish the plea of non-residence.
Here is a family worth $70,000,000, with the headquarters of this capital, and the actual evidences of it in New York, with their residence practically, if not technically, in that city and millions of their money in New York concerns, and yet they are able to beat the big city out of their taxes. The man with the homestead and humble possessions pays to the limit, even other millionaires, no more residents than the Goulds, but with large holdings, are made to pay something towards the burdens of government.
Such cases of apparent injustice to the public, but above all the inability of the state to reach these conscienceless and selfish tax-dodgers, aid in begetting that growing contempt for our institutions and loss of confidence in the efficiency of our governmental machine which are becoming conspicuous in nearly all sections of the country.
The changing conditions of life in this age, the growth of great fortunes, of powerful trusts, the infinite ramifications of an enlarged commerce and the new questions forced upon public attention by the development of private corporations, are testing the flexibility and utility of our state and national constitutions to a great degree. The safeguards of a half century ago are worthless now, and if republican government stands the strain and secures equal and exact justice to all men, according to its theory, we will have to enlarge the scope of governmental and constitutional power to cover the new and constantly multiplying conditions and force the wealth of the country to bear its proportionate burdens. The conditions and inconsistencies of our tax systems are among the most glaring evils to be overhauled and corrected.

Some of the friends of Murphy refuse to take him at his word and will push him as a candidate for renomination for Congress. In so doing they are harming both Mr. Murphy and the party.

There is a young woman in Pasadena, Cal., who claims to understand magazine poetry. In other respects she is said to be perfectly rational.

The Populist party is on a level with the Democratic party in one respect. That is to say, neither of them can carry any northern state.

Trouble has commenced in the Democratic camp. In fact, these are troublesome times for Democrats generally.

The Republican county committee will meet on Wednesday for the purpose of calling the county convention.

Kentucky's mistake was in not going a little more strongly Republican while it was about it.

The college students in Spain have subsided, but the United States Senate is still noisy.

See Our Display.

COOK & BELL,
185 West Washington St.,
Official Watch Inspectors S.F.

PIKENIX, ARIZ.
P. & V. E. K

Manufacturing

The Kentucky Democrats refuse to play in Governor Bradley's yard.

LEW OPEN THE SAFE.
A Small Loss at Thomas and the Robbers Quickly Caught

GIVE ALL A CHANCE.

MANUFACTURERS OF
STEEL AND IRON WATER PIPE
For Hydraulic Mining and Irrigation.
Iron Tanks and all classes of Sheet Iron work; also Brass Castings and Machine Work
Rocky Block, Los Angeles.

Positively the last chance to see the educated horses and ponies Sunday afternoon, 2:30 p.m., at the park. Admission, 25 cents.

THE "FAVORITE SON" DIVERSION.

There are six delegates and six alternates to be elected from Arizona to the St. Louis convention. There are twelve counties in Arizona. This has led the outside counties generally to favor the plan of giving to each county either a delegate or alternate.

The plan seems equitable and there will, probably be no serious objection to it from any one. Maricopa county cast a larger Republican vote than any other county in Arizona and is entitled to more consideration than counties casting a smaller vote. But at the coming convention she will ask for the nominee for Congress and if this is granted, one delegate to the National convention is about all she could expect.

There seems to be a feeling on the outside that Maricopa county will want too much. Maricopa county will ask for only that which is fair and no Republican in the territory will have cause to feel aggrieved at the action of Maricopa county on the territorial convention.

MILLIONAIRE TAX DODGERS.

The fact has long been recognized that the poor men of nearly every city and state in the country pay proportionately more taxes than any other class of citizens that they pay on their all, in short, and as a comparatively high assessment, while the richer classes come off easy, as a general rule, or do not pay at all.

A striking illustration, and one for serious consideration by economists, of millionaire tax dodging, is the case

While the favorite sons will doubtless all come into the St. Louis convention and be presented for record as an evidence of good faith, it is doubtful if their supporters will be controlled to any considerable extent beyond merely complimentary limits. When the voting once begins it will not take long to narrow the contest down to serious business, and with the array of candidates, any one of whom would be as acceptable as another if the others were out of the question, there is an extreme improbability of any dark horse business whatever.

Something over one-fourth of the delegates have already been elected. Of this number about 52 per cent are accredited to McKinley, with Morton and Reed contesting for second place.

But from this time on there will be more uncertainty as to the strength of the principal candidates, because of the growth of the favorite son element. The operation is engaged in efforts to spread tales of all sorts calculated to work up petty discontent, but with no promise of success whatever, for Republicans are united on the main issue, which is the turning down of the misrule that has brought so much distress upon the country. There is no deceptive promise within the range of possibilities that will get the ear of those who have been through the bitter experiences of the past three years. The purpose of the masses is to turn out the element that is responsible for it. The Cleveland regime must go. Those who believe that there is still virtue in Democracy will take up the nominee of the Chicago convention, but the winning sentiment of the country will be the repudiation of the free trade policy, whether the Republican ticket shall be headed by the champion of high protection or by any one of the seven favorite sons who have been brought into the race.

Solomonville Bulletin: The iron safe in the depot of the Gila Valley, Globe & Northern railway at Thomas was blown open by burglars on Thursday night. The company lost $56 in cash which was in the safe. An envelope belonging to John Hendricks and containing $175 was overlooked by the burglars and was found on the floor next morning. The burglars improvised a dark lantern by cementing two small oyster cans together and inserting a piece of candle in the closed end, which shed a regular professional ray of light as they proceeded with their work.
The safe is a small one, resembling a box, which was used to hold important express matter and whatever surplus cash there might be on hand. The burglars carried the safe out of the telegraph office into the large freight room and after soaking the floor all around with water and covering the safe with a wet blanket, poured the keyholes full of powder and touched it off, breaking down the locks and effecting an easy entrance with the above stated results.
Next morning a rancher coming from the direction of Fort Grant passed two suspicious looking characters on the road and arriving at Thomas made the fact known to Deputy Sheriff Jack O'Neill. Upon investigation it was found that two men who had been camping close to town for the past two or three days were missing and he at once telegraphed to Willcox to arrest the men, which was done and they were brought back to Thomas Wednesday.

THE PICACHO DISTRICT.

You need a blood purifier. We make this assertion with confidence because it is a fact that there is scarcely one person in ten thousand whose blood is free from humors, scrofula, acids, or some taint, either hereditary or acquired. Pimples, boils, blotches, eruptions are not the only indications. Debility, lack of energy, depression of spirits, loss of appetite, rheumatic pains, poor sleep, headache, dizziness, specks floating before the eyes, and many other symptoms plainly indicate the need of thorough cleansing of the blood. The longer you delay, the more difficult will be the cure. The medicine to take is Ayer's Sarsaparilla, and the time to begin is now. Continue to take it through March, April and May, or until you feel that health and strength are fully restored, which will be when all those painful and troublesome symptoms are entirely removed. The young, the old, the middle-aged alike need the potent, but benign influence of Ayer's Sarsaparilla, the best of blood medicines.

The sooner you begin to fight the fire, the more easily it may be extinguished. The sooner you begin taking Ayer's Sarsaparilla for your blood disease, the easier will be the cure. In both cases delay is dangerous, if not fatal. Be sure you get Ayer's and no other.
Half & Hair Renewer enjoys the confidence and patronage of people all over the civilized world, who use it to restore and keep the hair a natural color.

Denver Capitalists Will Put in a 200 Stamp Mill.

Los Angeles Express: J. H. Carpenter of Yuma, Ariz., who was in the city a few days ago, is the manager and agent of the Denver capitalists who have purchased a number of mines in the Picacho district. A quartz mill of 200 stamps will be erected and a narrow gauge electric railroad will convey the ore from the mine to the mill, which will be built on the banks of the Colorado river. The veins developed are from twenty to 150 feet in width, averaging from $6 to $3 per ton. It is the intention of the owners to burn Los Angeles crude oil, and a large quantity will be required, thus giving the local oil men a new market for their product. The mill will crush 800 tons per day, and the forty mines owned by the company have opened up and are ready for the extraction of more than enough to keep such reduction works in full operation for years.
Dr. Stroud is prepared to administer the Edson treatment for consumption.

All the elements which nature requires to make the hair beautiful and abundant are supplied in Ayer's Hair Vigor. This preparation keeps the scalp free from dandruff, prevents the hair from becoming dry and harsh, makes it flexible and glossy.

Truly astonishing. Miss Annette N. Moen, Fountain, Minn., says: "Ayer's Cherry Pectoral has had a wonderful effect in curing my brother's children of a severe and dangerous cold. It was truly astonishing how speedily they found relief after taking this preparation."

Are the
Finest Beyond
Question

Smoke One
TODAY.

HARBURGER, HOMAN & CO.
MAKERS,
NEW YORK.

W. I. HORNER,
Contractor for all kinds of

Plumbing

CATARRH is a constitutional disease and cannot be cured by local applications. Hood's Sarsaparilla is a constitutional remedy; it cures catarrh because it purifies the blood.

HOOD'S PILLS are purely vegetable and do not purge, pain or gripe. Sold by all druggists.

If you are troubled with indigestion, drink Pepsin Soda.

The King V cigar, the best 5c cigar on the market, manufactured by McCoy & Co., of New York.

The meteorological reports taken during a term of years at the government observatory, Chapultepec castle, City of Mexico, give the following result: Average temperature, 1877 to 1892, 60 degrees. The summer temperature is evenly tempered by the pure mountain air of the elevations reached by the Mexican Central railway. It is justly claimed that Mexico is the best summer resort. Climatic table of the republic verifying the above statement will be furnished by the undersigned.
J. F. DONOHOE,
Com'l Agent, El Paso, Texas.

NONE

BUT AYER'S AT
WORLD'S FAIR.

THE

Ayer's Sarsaparilla enjoys the extraordinary distinction of having been the only blood purifier allowed an exhibit at the World's Fair, Chicago. Manufacturers of other sarsaparillas sought by every means to obtain a showing of their goods, but they were all turned away under the application of the rule forbidding the entry of patent medicines and nostrums. The decision of the World's Fair authorities in favor of Ayer's Sarsaparilla was in effect as follows: "Ayer's Sarsaparilla is not a patent medicine. It does not belong to the list of nostrums. It is here on its merits."

First-class article, well burned and from sound seasoned iron wood. Nicely salted.
PHOENIX WOOD AND COAL CO.,
Phone 135. Jefferson St., back of Court House.

RESTAURANT.
Near Cor. First and Jefferson Sts.
Is now under new management and is the best place in the city to get a square meal for 15c.

MICO'S OUTFITTING TWN

a little juicy, rip, a

Ms.

PURE, ORNAMENTAL OR COLORED,
Concrete arches and foundations, cellars and stable flooring coping of all kinds, granite
furning, granite sills and caps, granite steps and building stones.
A. M. SMITH, Supt.
No. 32 S. Center St., Phoenix.

Pay high rent and always be the slave of the landlord? Here is a rare opportunity to secure a lovely little home, all in No. 1 condition and in desirable neighborhood and location.

North of Washington street and west of Center street. This property must be sold and can be had cheap for cash or good terms.
Address K. F. I., this office.

Scientifically fitted. Reasonable prices, satisfaction guaranteed.
DOY, THE JEWELER AND OPTICIAN.

Real Estate Loans
Secured by first mortgage negotiated. Ten years' extensive experience in lending money in Salt River Valley enables me to thoroughly protect the interest of my clients.
J. W. EVANS,
No. 1 W. Washington St.

Books,
Stationery and
SCHOOL SUPPLIES.
THE IRVINE COMPANY
35 and 37 N. Washington St.

MRS. M. K. SPOONER, proprietress of the Hayden Hotel has a most delightful home for ladies stopping in Tempe as well as gentlemen. The only ladies hotel in Tempe.