THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 22, 1908.
TT 9 1

r- . -: w jm. v

ir-r a. -ivy

Makes the most nutritious food and the most dainty and delicious.

POWER
The only Baking Powder made from Royal Grape Cream of Tartar. No fussing or fretting over the biscuit making. Royal is the aid to many a cook's success.

NO ALUM-NO LIME PHOSPHATES

J. M. BURNETT RECEIVER FOR THE NOBLE PROPERTY

The Plaintiff in the Foreclosure Proceedings Did Not Exercise Option of Naming Officer.

A NEWSPAPER MAN DIES IN PHOENIX

Judge Kent yesterday appointed J. M. Burnett receiver of the property of John Noble involved in the suit begun by Hugo Richards for the foreclosure of a mortgage for $76,000 on the Noble building property and the Van Tilburg property. Though according to the terms of the mortgage the plaintiff could name the receiver without bond, he did not exercise that option and the receiver appears to have been nominated on the recommendation of the lessees of the property. His bond fixed at $1,000 was furnished yesterday by a surety company. The duties of the receiver will be mainly to collect the rents which will amount to about $1,100 a month, though it is possible that a little later he may be empowered to issue receiver's certificates for the carrying on of such construction as will be necessary for the preservation of the property. The lessees of the property were yesterday notified of the action of the court. In the proceeding yesterday none of the defendants were represented though Attorney Walter Pennett who was present said that later he would appear for the Dorris Heyman Furniture Company.

TO ESTABLISH A STATE COUNCIL

The Knights of Columbus, a Catholic Order, Meets in Tucson.

O. E. Sherman Was a Son of a Former Governor of Iowa.
Oscar E. Sherman, a well-known Phoenix newspaperman, passed away at his residence 1019 South First Avenue late Thursday night. He had been in his usual health, though not able to work for sometime, but on the day previous he was stricken with a hemorrhage and died shortly afterwards. Mr. Sherman was the son of a former governor of Iowa, B. R. Sherman, and his relatives still reside in that state. He leaves here a wife, and one daughter two years of age. They have the sympathy of the community in this sad hour of irreparable loss. The funeral will probably take place Sunday. The deceased came here about three years ago and was soon engaged locally in newspaper work. His early experience had been gained on various big dailies in St. Louis, among them the Star and Republic. He afterwards was on one of the Chicago dailies. Here his health failed and he came to Arizona hoping to benefit his condition. He seemed to improve and was soon able to resume his editorial duties. Those who knew him regarded him as a most capable and discerning newspaperman, a hard conscientious worker, and a loyal friend, one commanding the respect and confidence of those who knew him.

These games but will join the team next week. The shortstop gap will be filled by Clancy who has been showing up very good in practice. The rest of the line-up will be about the same as in the previous games.
The Indians will be strengthened by ex-stars of the school and should give the Woodmen a nice scrappy time, for they are acknowledged as fleet on the fielding work if not quite so good with the big stick. While the Indians are attempting the massacre of the Axmen the Fraternal Brotherhood nine at Musen will be leading the Grays in merry chase on the other side of the raging Salt. The Brotherhood is a new organization and have only played in one contest, that against the Indians.
The latest thing out in baseball is the challenge received yesterday from Tucson. It was sent to Mr. Bushell in care of The Republican and the manager at Tucson proved to be J. H. Henebaugh. He wishes to get Saturday and Sunday games soon with Phoenix and Mr. Bushell immediately began negotiations for bringing Tucson over to Phoenix and to run a special excursion train at the same time from the Old Pueblo. Now that Tucson has woken up there is likely to be something doing that will test the timber in the Woodchoppers who have so far had easy picking.
Florence will be seen here Sunday for the first time. The Woodmen hope they will give them a hard battle. That is just what the locals are needing most. It will give them practice and put snap into the baseball god who has been looking with a sour visage on amateur circuses for sometime. A good attendance is figured for both days, today being a national holiday and tomorrow Sunday, and the coffers of the nines should then contain a few spare coins to rattle. The Indian school band will parade the streets before the game and play at the park during the contest.

EDITOR C. S. NOYES DIED IN PASADENA

Veteran Journalist of the National Capital Succumbs to La Grippe.
Los Angeles, Feb. 21. Crosby Stuart Noyes, editor-in-chief of the Washington Evening Star, died this evening at the Hotel Raymond, Pasadena, after an illness dating from his arrival here three weeks ago. Encouraging symptoms early today led to a hope that the veteran publisher might recover. Complications which became pronounced late this afternoon, however, exhausted the strength and vitality which he had hitherto displayed. At his bedside when the end came, were all the members of his family, including his wife, and his three sons: Theo. W. Noyes, associate editor of the Star; Frank B. Noyes, editor of the Chicago Record-Herald and president of the Associated Press, and Thos. B. Noyes, the news manager of the Washington Star. There were also his daughter, Mrs. George W. Boyd of Philadelphia, and End W. Hall of San Francisco, a son-in-law, present.
The death of Noyes followed an attack of la grippe contracted while traveling to California. Mrs. Noyes, the widow, suffered an attack of the grippe at the same time and tonight is somewhat ill as a result of the shock. Arrangements for the funeral are not yet complete but it has been determined that the remains will be interred in the family vault at Rock Creek cemetery, Washington.

To assist in the organization of a state council of the Knights of Columbus, J. T. Whitney and Eugene Brady O'Neill left last night for Tucson, at which place will assemble delegates from all the councils in the territory. Present at Globe, Bisbee, Douglas and Phoenix.
Robert E. Morrison, grand knight, and wife, H. Wm. Stevens, deputy grand knight, E. F. J. Horn and Chaplain P. P. Carey of Fort Whipple, were among the present party which passed through this city yesterday en route for the meeting at Tucson. Mr. Morrison will also attend to some legal business while there.
The Knights of Columbus is a growing order in Arizona; it has a strong council in Phoenix, which has been organized about two years. The state council, which is the latest branch of the order to be established in the territory, will correspond to the supreme lodges or grand lodges of other secret organizations. At the Tucson meeting of delegates, officers will be elected for the ensuing year.

COFFEE
You are both judge and jury for Schilling's Best. Your price: we hire our money if you don't like it; we pay him.

HERE ON VISIT C. S. Swanson, traveling car inspector for the Santa Fe, with headquarters in Chicago, is in the city for a few days, the guest of his daughter, Mrs. Harry C. Warner. He has a home in San Bernardino, Calif.

LEFT FOR LOS ANGELES L. H. Landis and wife left last night for a short visit in Los Angeles.

INVALUABLE.
Whisky and glycerine, mixed with Virgin Oil of Pine, is said to break up a cold in 24 hours and cure any cough that is curable. Get from your druggist one ounce vial of Virgin Oil of Pine compound pure and two ounces of glycerine. Mix these thoroughly with a half pint of good whisky and take a teaspoonful every four hours. It has been found that five ounces of tincture of Cinchona compound can be used in place of whisky with the same result. Virgin Oil of Pine compound pure is put up only by the Leach Chemical Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, in half-ounce vials, each vial securely sealed in a round woolen case. Be sure to get the genuine.

HIS CAREER.
Washington, Feb. 21. Crosby Stuart Noyes, whose death is reported from Pasadena, was 83 years old and no less than sixty years of his life have been spent in the newspaper business. He was born in Minot, Me., February 16, 1825. Finding farm life too hard for his frail physique he came to Washington in 1847, making the last stages of the journey on foot for lack of funds. He began newspaper work the following year as a special correspondent and writer for the Washington News, and from that date until a few weeks preceding his death he labored unceasingly at his chosen profession to set a stamp upon Washington journalism as a purveyor of clean, sound facts.
Noyes was a great traveler, especially in oriental countries, and was able to impress his views upon governmental policies in shaping the diplomatic relations of America with Japan and China.

NEED WE KEEP THE PHILIPPINES

BASEBALL GALORE TODAY AND TOMORROW

Tucson Challenges Phoenix The Indians Today Florence Sunday.

The Phoenix Woodmen and the Indian school teams will be seen in action at Eastlake park this afternoon, the game beginning at 2:30 o'clock. The Indians have been devoting every afternoon the past week to getting in trim to tackle the axmen of the forest, realizing that they will have the heaviest and bloodiest combat on their hands that they have ever encountered on their warpath from the Rancho Bonito to the Lamson Business college. Putnam will be seen in the box for the Woodmen. Not the Putnam who figured in the defeat of Mesa on last Sunday, but one of the family of Putnams who were pitchers from Revolutionary war till the present day. Earthman did not arrive yesterday and it is said that he will not be seen in these games but will join the team next week. The shortstop gap will be filled by Clancy who has been showing up very good in practice. The rest of the line-up will be about the same as in the previous games.
The Indians will be strengthened by ex-stars of the school and should give the Woodmen a nice scrappy time, for they are acknowledged as fleet on the fielding work if not quite so good with the big stick. While the Indians are attempting the massacre of the Axmen the Fraternal Brotherhood nine at Musen will be leading the Grays in merry chase on the other side of the raging Salt. The Brotherhood is a new organization and have only played in one contest, that against the Indians.
The latest thing out in baseball is the challenge received yesterday from Tucson. It was sent to Mr. Bushell in care of The Republican and the manager at Tucson proved to be J. H. Henebaugh. He wishes to get Saturday and Sunday games soon with Phoenix and Mr. Bushell immediately began negotiations for bringing Tucson over to Phoenix and to run a special excursion train at the same time from the Old Pueblo. Now that Tucson has woken up there is likely to be something doing that will test the timber in the Woodchoppers who have so far had easy picking.
Florence will be seen here Sunday for the first time. The Woodmen hope they will give them a hard battle. That is just what the locals are needing most. It will give them practice and put snap into the baseball god who has been looking with a sour visage on amateur circuses for sometime. A good attendance is figured for both days, today being a national holiday and tomorrow Sunday, and the coffers of the nines should then contain a few spare coins to rattle. The Indian school band will parade the streets before the game and play at the park during the contest.

There is Only One "Bromo Quinine" That is Laxative Bromo Quinine

USED THE WORLD OVER TO CUR A COUGH IN ONE DAY.

Always remember the full name. Look for this signature on every box. 25c.

In answer to the argument that the Philippine Islands are the key to the Orient and that we must hold them in order to extend our trade in Japan and Asia, it is sufficient to say that our commercial needs are satisfied when we have harbors and coaling stations; subject races held by force under an alien government are not necessary to commerce. We could and should retain such harbors and coaling stations as we need, and the Filipinos would not object to this. They would be as willing to concede such land to us as the people of Cuba were to make similar concessions.
If it is said that the islands will strengthen our position in the Pacific, it can be replied that the islands are a source of weakness rather than of strength, and that the possession of them has already given our naval experts an excuse for demanding an enormous increase in the navy. Alarmists tell us that we are in constant danger of a war because of the Islands and that it is only a question of time when we shall be compelled to engage in a costly war to defend them. William Jennings Bryan, in The World To-Day, for February.

A GREAT COMEDIAN AND YET NEVER REALIZED IT.

Marion Hill's short stories of the stage, now running in The American Magazine, are full of delicious fun. In the February number is the story of the young actress who was constantly irritated by the pompous behavior of the actor-manager in whose company she was playing.
"Now, Miss Duke," said the great one, "you'll have an opportunity to show your talents in another direction. I've cast you for a dandy part, small but 'fat.' And you'll have a chance to study me in a new role. You've never seen me do farce-comedy have you?"
"Yes, I have," contradicted Miss Duke, "I've seen your Macbeth."

Today Last Day of White Sale UNDERLINED - UNDERPRICED

Corset Covers

CORSET COVERS made of a good quality muslin: yoke and armholes trimmed in torchon lace. Sale price 28c
CORSET COVERS made of a nice quality longcloth, trimmed in val. lace insertion and beading. Sale price 33c
CORSET COVERS made of an excellent quality nainsook, rows of fine lace insertion and beading drawn through with ribbon. Sale price 50c

Night Gowns

NIGHT GOWNS, made of good quality muslin, tucked yoke, V-shaped neck. Sale at 30c
NIGHT GOWNS of good quality muslin, yoke trimmed with rows of val. lace and tuckings, long sleeves. Sale 79c
NIGHT GOWNS of good muslin, low or high neck, yoke of embroidery or val. lace. Sale at 88c
NIGHT GOWNS of soft quality muslin, V-shaped neck, yoke nicely trimmed with German val. lace, short sleeves. Sale 51c 28

Staple White Goods

LONSDALE MUSLIN, 36 Inches. Sale price, per yard 10c
CAMBRIC, 36 Inches wide. Sale price, yard 12 1/2c
INDIA LINEN, a sheer and fine quality bookfold. Sale price, yd. 10c
WHITE LAWN, 40 Inches wide, suitable for underwear, good quality. Sale price, per yard 10c

LONGCLOTH, soft quality, 36 Inches wide, a bargain. Sale price, per yard 15 1/4c
HUCK TOWELING, 18 Inches wide, good quality. Sale price, yd. 8c
GLASS TOWELING, 18 Inches wide. Sale price, yard 10c
PILLOW CASES, 42 inches long, 36 Inches wide, made of a good quality muslin. Sale price, each 11 1/2c

Drawers

Ladies' Drawers of muslin, umbrella, full size, with lawn ruffle and hemstitched. Sale price 23c
Ladies' Drawers made of good muslin, full size, ruffle of lawn, tucks and trimmed with val. lace and insertion. Sale price 38 1/2c
Ladies' Drawers of nainsook, made wide with nice embroidery ruffle, tucked. Sale price 45c

Underskirts

Ladies' Short Skirts, made of good quality muslin, neat flounce of Swiss embroidery with rows of lace insertion. Sale price 58c
Ladies' Short Skirts, made of good quality muslin, trimmed with deep flounce of Swiss embroidery and rows of tickings. Sale price 88c
Ladies' Skirts of very nice quality muslin, made very full with deep flounce hemstitched with rows of fine tuckings. Sale price 118c

Laces

TORCHON LACES AND INSERTIONS, assorted widths, warranted to wash: suitable for underwear; 10c quality. Sale price, yard 5c
POINT PARIS LACES, assorted widths and qualities. Sale price, per yard 11 1/2c
TORCHON LACE AND INSERTION An odd lot; sold for 6c a yard. Sale price, yard 7 1/2c

Laces

WIDE POINT PARIS LACE, fully worth 25c per yard. Sale price, yard 10 1/4c
VAL. LACE EDGE AND INSERTING to match. 10c quality at old half. Sale price, yard 9 1/2c
VAL. LACE AND INSERTION to match, one inch wide. Fine quality worth 15c. Sale price, yard 10c

Hundreds of BARGAINS at our WHITE SALE

Make your dollars count by taking advantage of our WHITE SALE

EXTRA

20c Silkoline, Sacrifice Price 7c

SPECIAL

25c Cretonnes, Sacrifice Price 10c

The Dorris-Heyman Furniture Co.
Arizona's Leading House Furnishers
Many Have Profited by this Sacrifice Sale
Have You?
WE BELIEVE THERE IS NOT A HOUSEHOLD IN ARIZONA BUT WHAT CAN FIND SOMETHING IN THIS VAST STOCK THEY ACTUALLY NEED OR WOULD LIKE TO POSSESS PROBABLY A PIECE OF FURNITURE AN EASY ROCKER, OR CHAIR SET OF DISHES HEATING STOVE OR RANGE CURTAINS OR RUGS POSSIBLY AN IRON OR BRASS BED TO REPLACE THE OLD AND OBSOLETE WOODEN ONE.. OR A HUNDRED THINGS WHOSE PURCHASE HAS BEEN DEFERRED FOR NO PARTICULAR REASON. THESE ARE THE PEOPLE WE HAVE INAUGURATED THIS SACRIFICE SALE FOR---THE PEOPLE WHO DON'T ACTUALLY NEED IT "DON'T HAVE TO HAVE IT" ARE YOU ONE OF THEM? IF SO, COME TO THIS SALE COME TODAY. IT'S THE OPPORTUNE TIME TO MAKE THAT PURCHASE. FOR EVERY ARTICLE IN THIS GREAT STORE IS LIBERALLY REDUCED.
Our Curtain and Upholstery Department (Second Floor)
OFFERS EXTRA SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS TOMORROW AND ALL THE TIME. ENTIRE STOCK OF YARD GOODS AT 1/2 AND LESS THAN 1/2 OUR REGULAR LOW PRICES. "READ ON" THIS MEANS OUR ENTIRE STOCK OF CURTAIN MATERIALS (SUITABLE FOR MANY OTHER PURPOSES) COMPRISING Silkolines, Cretonnes, Art Ticking: and Fancy Denim DIVIDED INTO THREE (3) LOTS AS FOLLOWS:

Silkolines worth 15c and 20c 7c

Art Tickings, Fancy Denims, worth 19c 25c to 35c 12 1/2c

Fancy Cretonnes worth 20 and 25c 10c

This Extra Special on these goods starts This Morning and Continues Subject to Stock on Hand

Dorris-Heyman Furniture Co.
New Location Noble Building.
Adams and First Streets