iy
- &,?1ift&$&kM
ML l t
, . ft
, T -4
s '"-"' r
'twm lZSZfv
.
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN
SATURDAY MORNING, JUNE 29, 1901.
, - (" a- i-.
-!

AW it isessX6KK88SESlSi V tt.

V ' 7 W W-C'S 'J3HF. wa- fl&: I Hf

.,' ' '""ill .aV r, iiiKrV i I Tii fnEkmiJiim . .uii'" mvu,J

it1

The Arizona Republican

O. A. VICKERS.... General Manager
H. M. McCOWAN Managing Editor
HARVEY J. LEH.....Business Manager
J. W. SPEAU Associate Editor
The Arizona Publishing Company
Exclusive of Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press In Arizona
The only battery of Linotypes In Ari
zona. Publication office: 36-38 East Adams
Street. Telephone No. 471.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year
Weekly, one year
Cash In advance.
$5.00
2.00
BY CARRIERS.
Daily, per month t
TERRITORIAL OFFICIALS
Governor N. O. Murphy
Territorial Secretary J. T. Madden
Territorial Treasurer T. H. Pemberton
Territorial Auditor C. Richards
Supt. of Public Instruction . . H. M. Gray
Chief Justice .. Webster L. Street
Associate Justices ....
It K Sloan, Georg K. Davis, Fletcher M. Doan
Attorney General O. N. Alstottorth
PHOENIX, ARIZONA. JUNE 20, 1901.

Don't leave the city for mountain
or bench without having The Re
publican accompany you. You will
be lonesome without it

Perhaps the greatest menace to our
country's longevity and prosperity
to-day is found in the civic
public indifference of our people.
A VIRTUE, universally subservient
to public ruin, malefactors, composed of corrupt and im
moral men, manipulate the affairs of
the land. Conventions are unscrupulous
find candidates nominated by a select
class of "influential politicians." The
masses of the people stand on and do
as bid. They vote for the nominee of
party leaders regardless of brains or compe
tency. No community can live on
political chicanery. No community
can resist the blight of municipal and
State government and political corrup
tion. Philadelphia is just now reaping the

sure reward of the political roguery of
its people in the past. The masses
intended to mind business while a few political
leaders attended to the politics of the
city. The consequence is that Philadel
phia is today in the hands of as consci
enceless a lot of brigands as ever terror
ized the highways of Sicily. Public
franchises are given away and the city
is looted on every hand. Public de
cency is swallowed up in public greed.
Last week John Wanamaker offered
$1,500,000 for a franchise that the city
deliberately gave away to its political
friends. How long will the residents
of Philadelphia allow themselves to be
robbed? How long will the ancient and
honorable Quaker city permit such a
scandalous condition to remain on the
body politic? The remedy is in its own
hands.

The subject of marriage and divorce
is creating a great deal of thought and
attention, and there is a
groundslus clamor for uniform divorce laws. The
argument in favor of
uniform statutes seems
to be incontrovertible. In the mean
time the legislatures of the various
states are going ahead with the enact
ment of new laws, making uniformity
more difficult than ever. Florida,
for instance, has made insanity occur
ring after marriage a ground for di
vorce. The Saturday Post of Los An
geles lends its approval of this law
and points out that a husband or wife
ought not be submitted to the annoyance
of a wife or husband who had commit
ted the offense of going crazy. The view of the Florida leglslature and
that of the editor of the Post is recon
cilable only with a distorted notion of
the marriage institution. We will sup
pose that a wife was seized with tuber
culosis after marriage, and so be
came an annoyance rather than a
source of joy to her husband, or that
a husband lost his leg in a railway
wreck and he became a deadweight upon his wife. Would anybody suggest
either of these things as moral grounds
for divorce?

In order that the people of Phila
delphia may have no doubt about the
infamous bargain by
THE VALUE which their council
gave away in number
OF A of franchise. of railway franchise,
Mr. John Wanamaker
has repeated his offer to pay to the
city $1,500,000 for the conveyance of
these franchises, with the additional
consideration of a bonus of $2000 to
the favored politicians to whom the
franchises were presented. The offer
was made in the form of a letter to Repre
sentative Robert H. Foerderer, a
member of the railway company, who
called on him when the mayor,
which was made to note the ordinance
provides why the franchise was awarded,
Mr. Wanamaker added that if
effect, at least $750,000 will be paid to
Mr. Foerderer and his associates to surrender the privileges which were obtained by methods so unusual and defi
ant of the public will as to have aroused
the indignation of the whole nation. It
is hardly necessary to say that Mr. Wanamaker's offer will not be accepted by the
syndicate, but it ought to be inconceiv
able that the people of Philadelphia will submit supinely in the face of this
demonstration that they have been flag
rantly despoiled.

Though a typographical error was
made to say yesterday that the
gross receipts of the
THE special land office from
EXACT Alamo are $3,000 annually, when the round
sum of $33,000 was intended. To be exact the receipts for
the past five years have averaged
$33,311.27. At the rate of $33,000 an
nually, it would take sixty years at
least for Arizona to accumulate funds
under the Newland act sufficient in
amount to construct four large res
ervoirs. The attention of our business men is
called to the advertisement in this
paper requesting bids on various arti
cles for the Indian school. Heretofore
it has been the practice to purchase all
articles of subsistence and utility of
eastern contractors. The superintend
ent of the Phoenix school has always
fought this arrangement, claiming that
as many articles as possible should be
purchased of home merchants. The
office has conceded the justice of this
plan, but has hitherto declined against
the practice in small cities. It is said
merchants in small cities usually command a little higher price. This year, however, home
merchants have already been awarded
contracts for furnishing flour, beef,
grain, salt, etc., which contracts aggre
gate about $30,000. The Republican sug
gests that there be no pooling in any of
these bids, and that every article be bid
on by some firm in every respect. No
fancy prices will be paid, and merchants
should be satisfied if they get
a fair profit.

Needle and Kingman. When we read
the completed vouchers we were in
stantly attacked by that tired feeling.
The voucher stated, "To one birth be
tween Needle and Kingman, two
dollars." Now we know we were not
guilty.

Not for all the wealth in the Philip
pines would The Republican deign to
offer a suggestion as to whom Sec
retary Stoddard should appoint as his
assistant. If he is as wise as we credit
him with being, however, he will select
a man as nearly like the governor's sec
retary as possible. Mr. Ely is suave,
discreet, well bred, gentlemanly. He knows
when to talk and when to keep still,
when to smile and when to be grave
and serious. Not officious, he is never
theless always alert and ever ready.
Quiet, honest, honorable, he is always
on hand, always diplomatic, always re
liable. If Secretary Stoddard will take
Mr. Sims in as his model of what his
secretary should be he will not have
cause to regret his action.

Three little boys were discussing the
question of memory.
"Chalks," said one, "I can remember what
happened when I was two years old."
"Henry," said another, "I can remember
before I was born; I cried for a whole
week because I was afraid I should be
a girl."
The third boy said "I can remember
when I was told: 'Stand up, John
nie, and have your eyes put in.'"

It is estimated that there are 100,000
head of steers fattening on the luscious
alfalfa in the Salt River valley today.
They still have occasional raw days
in the reckless east. We prefer ours
rare.

Turn about, fair play. Men set up
the drinks and drinks up men. In
Phoenix the sun has a monopoly of one
side of the house.

GOOD-BY ABOUT STAGE POLICE
Ada Johnson will start the season on
her new way in Aurora.

Joe McAtee recently said his
in Boston as Mr. Gilling's. In "Nancy
Sharp on your John Mason's play for his exciting
upsettle and tour, "The Altar of Friendship," is by
put survival: Madeline Loretta Hyey.
a in good Maude Cahill with Frank
edition. It played some plans for the musical pro
will tone up production, "The Shopgirls" She will
the new life into Hubert V. Fergusson and Katie Pattl
our stage; Leon Seefolkhve been engaged for Miss
Fisher's company. The latter was formerly with D. M. Southern.

Thomas Evans, who made a hit as
the sporting editor last season in "My
Printer," has been engaged by Klingsor
and Erlanger for the "Roger Bros. In Washington." "The Waking of Printia" has proved
successful in three weeks' trial in
Boston and will begin its regular season
in Providence about the first of September.
Olga Nethercote has entirely recov
ered from the severe operation she un
derwent and is regaining her normal
health and spirits. In her English coun
try plans she will not return to the
stage until fall, when she will produce
"Sappho" in London and later a play
by Pinero. She is working herself with
Gertrude Atherton on a dramatization
of one of the latter's novels.

A Pittsburgh man caught his son
smoking cigarette and in rage one of his
men whipped him. Another proof that
cigarette smoking is injurious.

GET FURS REPAIRED.
D. Bonolf, of 547 South Broadway, Lo
Angeles, the leading furrier of Califor
nia, will clean, dye and repair furs and
other fur garments at special rates
during the summer season. He stores
garments free of charge. Take your
garments to him when you go to
the coast and have the work done
right.
Phoenix Building
and Loan
Association
Every wage-earner can se
cure a home through us at
not more than the cost of
rent. A small payment down.
70 cents per $100 monthly In
terest on the lnvastment and
partial payments every six
months will buy a comfortable

home. First-class family hotel, choice loca-
tions. Will sample, can cut one dollar off
proposition; newly refitted.
R. H. Ashbridge, by the way; W. P. Mansfield, Prop.

PHOENIX NORTHWEST AVENUE.
An elegant hotel for the sick.
Heated by Steam. Lighted by both
electricity and Gas. A Resident Phy-
sician, and a Corps of forty Trained
Nurses. Three well equipped operating
rooms. Five delightful verandas. A
Roof Garden, forty feet wide by sixty
feet long. Reached by all street car
lines, directly or by transfer.

CLEAR
YOUR FACE
Investigate my marvelous method for
the painless removal of deep wrinkles,
smallpox pitting, moles and all kinds
of facial blemishes, leaving your skin
their former existence, filling out sunk
en cheeks, and restoring the youthful
contour of the whole face. These re
sults are obtained in one week. Mrs.
ELLA HARRIS, dermatologist and
chemist, 316 South Broadway, Los An
geles, California. Recommendations of
some of our most eminent physicians.
All letters cheerfully and confidentially
answered.

HOTEL CURRINGTON.
12.1 Rooms 40 beautiful suites
with private baths etc; electric lights
Hot and Cold Water throughout.
A first-class European Hotel.
RATES, 50c A DAY AND UP.
278 S. Hill Street, Corner Fourth,
Los Angeles, Cal

The WISCONSIN
215 W. SIXTEENTH ST.
Select family rooming house, with
complete housekeeping arrangements,
excellent table, baths; private board
Pleasant rates. Choice of car lines.

A PLEASANT HOME
Instruction to pupils from 5 to 15 in
English and Music. Address
"Classical School For Girls,"
Los Angeles, Cal.

LOS ANGELES.
Attractive Millinery
The Very Latest and Best Styles
MILLINERY !
1112 West Third Street.
Broadway and Third.
New Spring and Broadway.

HOTEL VICTORIA
Main and Ninth Streets.
Entrance, 330 S. Hill.

HILL STREET.
Corner Sixth and Hill Streets.

THE CHESHIRE
Under new management; thoroughly renovated, well
furnished and elegant. Electric car to door. Convenient
to restaurants and all places of amusement. Rooms $1.00 to
$3.00 per week.
MRS. L. K. HARTMAN, Prop.

HOTEL BALTIMORE
EUROPEAN PLAN.
Pleasant suites with private baths.
Up-to-date in every particular.
HAMILTON JOHNSON, Prop.
Northeast Corner Sixth and Olive St.

HOTEL BREWSTER
Rooms $1.00 up. A most cleanly furnished and equipped hotel in southern Cali
fornia. Elevator. Free telegraph. Table a la carte. Cafe con
nected with hotel. Special rates for the week. O. B. DAIQGETT, Prop.

THE RICHELIEU
New management. A beautiful place. One three-story brick, bay window on
the front side, with all modern conveniences for a first-class home. For particulars call on
O. V. COOK

THE HARRAGANSET
European Plan. New, clean, tidy.

THE CHESTER
Between Third and Main Streets, centrally located. Strictly modern.
GRAY, Proprietor.

CATALINA ISLAND
AVALON
PURE MOUNTAIN WATER
A pleasant place to spend a day.
Daly steamer service. Hotel Metropole always open. Take Southern Pac
ific or Salt Lake Route trains leaving Los Angeles daily at 9:03 and 8:51
a. m. respectively. Fare, round trip from Los Angeles, excursion, $2.50; reg
ular, $2.75. Banning Co., 222 S. Spring St., Los Angeles. Phone Main 36.

The Hotel Arcade, 120 S. Spring St., Los Angeles, is under new manage
ment. Best location in Los Angeles. Open all year. Special rates.

Hot and cold baths. Corner Main and Spring Streets. Los Angeles, Calif.
Furnished rooms, first-class. Central location.

TRUNKS, BAGS, SUIT CASES.
D. D. WHITNEY & SONS.
H. Spring Street.

ACME FEATHER WORKS
Ladies' trimmings and millinery supplies.

WANTED: Experienced operatives.
Apply Windsor Collar Co., 112 S. Main.

HOTEL-BREWER
South and C Streets, San Diego.
Rooms from $1.00 up. Table a la carte. Centrally located.

THE BROWNSBERGER HOME SCHOOL
Located on beautiful grounds. Special instructors. Address
for particulars. Los Angeles, Cal.

THE GLOBE
Fine restaurant, short orders. 113 Broadway, Los Angeles.
Oysters and fish in season.

OPTICIAN.
Correct lenses and prescriptions filled. 1012 South Spring Street.

H. A. TABER & CO., Props.
First and Spring Streets, Los Angeles.

HOTEL WINDSOR
Pine Street, Los Angeles. Large, pleasant rooms. Special summer rates.

M. CARLISLE, Prop. Suites with private baths.

THE BROWN PALACE
Opposite Hotel Arcadia. Rooms with housekeeping arrange
ments. Excellent table. Rates moderate.

THE HAMILTON
Front and Spring Streets. Modern, comfortable.

CORONADO HOTEL
San Diego. European plan. Central location. Table our
specialty. Write for circular and terms.

THE HARRINGTON
Large, pleasant rooms. Special summer rates.

THE CALIFORNIA HOSPITAL
Los Angeles, Calif.
The best surgical and medical attention. Address 240 South Hope Street.

THE COLONNADE
New management. Beautiful location. Rooms $1.00 to $3.00 per week.

THE HILL
Best located family hotel. Rooms reasonable. Central.

THE HANSON
First-class table. Special weekly rates. Mrs. L. K. Hartman, Prop.

THE HARRINGTON HOTEL
New, modern and comfortable.

THE BROWNELL
Clean, pleasant rooms. Special rates by week or month.

UNDER conditions prevailing last
year for anglers and excursions. Tuna Club tournament now on. Our Marine
Band, being Chas. Streeper of St. Louis, cornetist, and other soloists of
national reputation. The best golf links. The aquarium, containing hun
dreds of living wonders of the deep. Boating and bathing over Nature's most
wonderful marine gardens as seen at great depth through smooth, trans
parent waters. Catalina offers attractions not possible at other resorts.

Call on J. LEEVERS, the best
known Cafe on the Pacific Coast. 118 W. Third St.
RELIABLE AND EXPERIENCED DRUGGISTS.

ACME FEATHER WORKS
New goods daily.

TRUNKS, BAGS, SUIT CASES.
Send for new Catalogue.
D. D. WHITNEY & SONS.
H. Spring Street.

THE BROWNSBERGER HOME SCHOOL
Classical training. Three competent teachers and two paid directors. Pupils' handiwork exhibited.

HOTEL BREWSTER, San Diego.
Rooms $1.00 up; best furnished hotel in southern California.
Free baths and modern conveniences.

THE RICHELIEU
New management. Elegant rooms and suites. Moderate rates.

HOTEL BALTIMORE
European plan. Pleasant suites with private baths. Electric lights.

HOTEL CURRINGTON
Rooms with private baths. Centrally located. Reasonable rates.

HOTEL BROWN
Best table and rooms. Special weekly rates.

W. P. MANSFIELD, Prop.