THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: SATURDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1893.

TEMPE DEPARTMENT.

TEMPE, ARIZONA.

THE BITTER WELL POCKETS  
Curious Receptacles of Mineral Wealth.  
What a Veteran and Scientific Prospector Thinks of the Outlook.  

Arthur D. Elliott, the literary and scientific prospector from the Bitter Well range, is in Tempe with his grip well packed with samples of rich silver ore of a grade from $475 to $500 a ton.  

Mr. Elliott is one of the best known prospectors in the Rockies, having alternately pushed the quill as a journalist and made a geological survey of the mineral lands. He was for many years in Colorado, where he operated the King mines, but for the past ten years, he has spent most of his time in the vicinity of the Vekol mine, the principal property now in litigation by the claimants of the John D. Walker estate, except six months previous to December last, during which time he was editor of the Tucson Citizen.  

Mr. Elliott claims to have information which is a golden key as it were that is able to penetrate the depths of the Bitter Well range and locate definitely the many pockets or kidneys of rich silver ore. The claims which at present demand his consideration are located but a fifteen minutes' walk from the noted Vekol mine, which was discovered by the Pima Indians and located by the pale-faced chieftain Walker. This mine has already yielded over two millions and is apparently richer than ever, although at present temporarily shut down to await legal decisions.  

The character of the ore is a chloride formed in blue lime and it seems to have been hidden by nature in a great number of pockets to prevent one man from monopolizing the find. These pockets contain from $5,000 to $200,000 each and are found strangely enough scattered even to a great depth throughout this mountain region, but at no great distance apart.  

These mines have been operated for the past twelve years and have yielded fabulous sums, but owing to greenhorn management by incompetent and inexperienced superintendents, much eastern capital has been sunk with no returns, but if the literary prospector is not mistaken, every intelligent exertion has been well remunerated. These mines are located thirty-two miles from Maricopa Junction and about the same distance from Casa Grande and the field is one of the richest in Arizona. Mr. Elliott will visit Phoenix before returning to the mines, but says he now knows all the intricacies of mining in that locality and does his prospecting on scientific principles with satisfactory results every time. Like all veteran prospectors his faith in Arizona mines is unbounded and he predicts wonders unheard of before in the way of an output of mineral from this territory when mining is done intelligently and on scientific principles.  

A Difficult Surgical Operation.  

A difficult surgical operation was performed on Thursday by Dr. Jones, of this town, assisted by Dr. Heineman of Tempe, and Dr. M. W. Ward and Dr. Ancil Martin of Phoenix. Mrs. Le Barge, wife of John Le Barge, of the firm of Finch & Le Barge, has for some time been suffering from a cancer which was located on her breast and extended around to the arm pit. To remove it was considered a very dangerous operation and to leave it meant certain death. Dr. Jones, their family physician, decided to attempt its elimination, but took the precaution to secure attendant physicians of unquestioned proficiency to assist in the work. The operation was successfully performed, and at the present time the lady is resting easy with good hopes of surviving the dangerous and trying ordeal. Although Dr. Jones is a comparatively young man in the profession, he has on this, as well as several other occasions, demonstrated the fact that he deserves to occupy a front rank in the medical profession in the territory.  

TEMPE ECHOES.  

A daughter of Mr. Serrano of Mesa arrived on the morning train and was met by her brother at this place.  

The train was three hours late yesterday morning, occasioned by the lateness of the west bound train on the Southern Pacific.  

Ed P. Taylor of Sacramento, and Chas. M. Friedberg of San Francisco, Cal., are doing Tempe in their separate lines as traveling men.  

Will K. Mullen received his commission yesterday which legally installs him as first lieutenant in Company C of the First Regiment of National Guards of Arizona.  

The military company held drill last evening. While the attendance was light, there being only twenty-three of the forty-four members of the company present, they seemed to take hold with enthusiasm. A number of young people were out to notice their movements.  

O. H. Schumacher of Tucson, shipped twenty-nine head of fat cattle yesterday to his market in Tucson. This is the fifteenth carload shipped by him from this valley since March 1. He says the alfalfa fed beef is the best and in fact the only beef obtainable at present, the range beef being so poor it would readily pass for elk.  

The yield of grain so far as threshing has been done in the vicinity of Tempe shows the crop of both barley and wheat is about thirty bushels to the acre. A number of ranchmen have 200 acres sown and several exceed 600 acres. But little grain has so far yet been sold, most of the farmers having decided to store and await better prices. Goldman, Wildman & Peters warehouse is filling rapidly.  

A SPRINKLE OF SPICE.  

She—“So, you’re fully determined to marry her, are you?” He—“Absolutely.” She—“Hm! Don’t you ever feel sorry for her?” —Detroit Tribune.  

Miss Clicker (the new stenographer)—“You dictate better than any person I ever heard.” Joblots (the clothier)—“You ought to hear my wife.”—Clothiers’ and Haberdashers’ Weekly.  

Young Man—“I wish your opinion, sir, as to whether your daughter would make me a good wife?” Lawyer—“No, sir. She would not. Five dollars, please.” —Boston Commercial Bulletin.  

Twilight is longest toward the poles, where the night of six months is shortened by an evening twilight of about fifty days, and a morning one of equal length. At the equator the length of the evening twilight is about one and a quarter hours, and remains almost constant the entire year.  

One of the visions of Jules Verne is likely to become a reality. Experiments have demonstrated to the satisfaction of experts of the navy that a ship can be constructed with a capacity for submerging itself and moving below the surface of the water rapidly and under strict control.  

Goldberg Bros.,  
Opera House, July 4th.  

The Wildman, Peters, Goldman Co. are making special inducements to farmers on their new Buckeye mowers and Jackson rakes and stackers.  

E. Ganz of Phoenix and Tempe is the only agent in Maricopa County of the celebrated Pabst beer of Milwaukee either in keg or bottle and also of the Manitou mineral water of Manitou Springs, Colo., the finest mineral water in the world.  

The Chinese must go! But Burchard still continues to feed all the hungry mortals of civilization.  

Nelson, the jeweler, has a fine stock and does first-class watch repairing.  

Half a car of Mason’s white flint glass fruit jars has just arrived for the Wildman-Peters-Goldman company.  

The place to buy your wines, tobacco, etc., is at Ganz’s liquor store, Tempe, who has opened a fine place and asks the trade of the South Side to inspect his stock and prices. Family trade solicited. All goods delivered free to any part of the city.  

It has been reported around town by unreliable persons that should Mr. Hough have no opposition in the ice business, he will raise the price of ice to 5 cents a pound. This is a calumny and to prove its falsity Mr. Hough will sign a contract to guarantee ice all the year round at 1 cent a pound, and should any cut be made, the customers will get the benefit of it. It pays to patronize home industry.  

All orders from Mesa sent to Ganz’s liquor store at Tempe will be filled the same day as received.  

FREE COURSE BY MAIL  
WITH THE Leavenworth Business College.  

TO ADVERTISE OUR COLLEGE  
We will give a thorough course of instruction in double and single entry bookkeeping and commercial arithmetic by mail FREE OF CHARGE to a limited number of persons. This course will be complete in forty lessons. No charge for diplomas.  

Address: PROF. F. J. VANDERBERG, PRES.,  
302, 304 and 306, Delaware St., Leavenworth, Kan.  

SISTERS' ACADEMY OF THE SACRED HEART  
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL,  
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.  
English, French, Spanish, Painting, Drawing, Music, Embroidery, etc., taught. Terms reasonable. Address, MOTHER SUPERIOR, Phoenix, Arizona.  

APHROD1TINE  
THE CELEBRATED FRENCH CURB  
Is sold on a POSITIVE GUARANTEE  
to cure any form of nervous disease or any disorder of the generative organs of either sex, whether arising from the excessive use of stimulants, tobacco or opium, or through youthful indiscretion, over indulgence, etc., such as loss of brain power, wakefulness, bearing down pains in the back, seminal weakness, hysteria, nervous prostration, nocturnal emissions, leucorrhea, dizziness, weak memory, loss of power and impotence, which if neglected leads to premature old age and insanity. Price $1.00 a box, six boxes for $5.00. Sent by mail on receipt of price.  
A WRITTEN GUARANTEE given for every $5.00 order received, to refund the money if a permanent cure is not effected. We have thousands of testimonials from old and young, of both sexes, who have been permanently cured by the use of Aphroditine. Circular free.  

THE APHRO MEDICINE CO.  
Western Branch, Box 27, Portland, Or.  
For Sale by G. H. KEEFER, Druggist, Phoenix, Arizona. P.O. Box 239.  

TEMPE ADVERTISEMENTS.  

Farmers & Merchants Bank  
Of Tempe, Arizona.  
The Leading Bank of the South Side.  
Capital Paid Up, $50,000.  

DIRECTORS:  
Benj. Goldman, Perry Wildman,  
E. C. Frankenberg, Niels Petersen,  
F. G. Dodson, Mons Ellingson.  

OFFICERS:  
E. C. Frankenberg, President,  
Benj. Goldman, Vice-President,  
F. G. Dodson, Cashier.  

Transact a General and Strictly Legitimate Banking Business.  

DR. CHAS. H. JONES, TEMPE, A.T. Office at Heineman & Gill Building.  

FOR FINE BOOTS AND SHOES  
ERNEST SCHMIDT’S.  
All Work Hand Made and Guaranteed.  
Call and Examine my Stock Before Buying Elsewhere.  

SCHECKEMAN & SINGLETON, Props.  

FINE TURNOUTS A SPECIALTY.  
Best attention given boarding stock. Headquarters for Commercial Men.  
FOURTH ST., TEMPE.  

Extra attention! Business Men of Tempe and Vicinity: We again remind you of the fact that the JOB Department of the Republican is prepared to turn out on the shortest notice the Best and Cheapest Work ever put up in Arizona.  

We acknowledge no Rivals, Recognize no Competition, Second Fiddle to no Combination.  

For Commercial Printing, For Blank Work, For Book Work, For Anything Printed, CALL ON The “Republican” Job Office.  

A. J. PETERS, President.  

Buckeye Mowers, Jackson Rakes, and Stackers.  

Dry Goods, Clothing, Gents’ Furnishings, Boots and Shoes, Groceries, Crockery and Queensware, Harness and Saddlery, Hardware, Wagons and Farm Implements.