THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN. FRIDAY MORNING, JULY 11, 1919

Auto Fills In:

STOCKMEN SEEK Oakland Sensible

SIXES MAY BE

AT ONCE HERE TOO

U. S. CONTROL OF
PUBLIC DOMAIN

Representatives from All
Parts of West to Meet in
Salt Lake City July 21 to
Urge Action by Congress

Livestock men, including representa-
tives of all livestock associations, from
every part of the west will meet at
Salt Lake City July 21 to begin work
toward securing control and grazing
regulation of the more than 300,000,000
acres of public domain in the western
hemisphere. The meeting will last two or
three days, and while in session steps
will be taken to get congress to take
legislative action for federal regulation
of the lands.

The meeting at Salt Lake a week
from next Monday has been brought
about largely through the efforts of the
Arizona Cattle Growers' association,
which has taken the lead in the matter.

The states affected will be Arizona,
California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana,
Nebraska, New Mexico, Nevada, Utah,
Wyoming, Minnesota, Washington and
Oregon, the western states in which
millions of acres of land are in public
domain, owned by the government but
with no regulated grazing privileges.
Livestock associations in all these
states will have delegates at the Salt
Lake meeting, as will the American
National Livestock association and the
National Wool Growers' association.

Many Different Rules

The question of the public domain
lands relative to cattle and sheep grow-
ing has always been uncertain. On the
federal forest and Indian reservations
livestock growers are given grazing
privileges and charged a dollar a head
per year. On state lands the livestock
men may lease grazing land at about
three cents an acre per year. But graz-
ing on the public domain has never
been regulated.

Arizona cattle and sheep men have
always been vitally interested in the
public domain question. More than
one-fourth of the state's acreage, or
21,000,000 acres, is in this federal-
owned unregulated public domain.
Open to all, it has always been an un-
solved question. It has been used gen-
erally for grazing purposes, with the
ever-present danger that it may be se-
riously harmed by much overstocking,
and no regulation to safeguard indi-
vidual users.

Big Factor in Arizona

Arizona livestock men and the same
conditions are found in other western
states affected have recognized that
the public domain lands are a big fac-
tor in their business, and consequently
have taken the lead in getting the do-
main regulated. A system of regula-
tion is sought by which the stock grow-
ers may obtain their grazing privileges
in one way or another, and pay for
them. Having obtained the grazing
privileges the stockmen will be sure of
their investment and may fence off
and take like protective measures.

Under the present system, with no
regulation, the public domains are used
by everybody, and no one is willing to
risk the investment on the domain
lands with no regulation at all.

The question of federal control and
regulation for the domain lands in the
western states will be settled at the
Salt Lake City conference July 21.
Delegates from the livestock organiza-
tions of all the public land states will
be there to take it up, and a strong or-
ganization will be formed to get action
in it at Washington.

Arizona Men to Attend

Cattle and sheepmen alike are inter-
ested. David F. Houston, secretary of
agriculture, and Clay Tallman, com-
missioner general of the land office,
will also attend the meeting, while
most of the states will have representa-
tives from their universities.

Arizona will be represented at the
meeting by Charles P. Mullen, L. U.
Harmon, Dwight B. Heard, J. C. Kin-
ney, L. W. Coker and other delegates
from the Arizona Cattle Growers' as-
sociation. The delegation will be
headed by Mr. Mullen, head of the or-
ganization. President Kleinsmid of
the University of Arizona, and Dean
D. W. Working of the agricultural col-
lege will also attend.

F. E. Schneider, secretary of the Ari-
zona association, who has taken a lead-
ing part in getting the meeting organ-
ized, will leave for Salt Lake City early
next week to complete arrangements
for the meeting.

For the first time in months, the R.
D. Roper company, local Oakland deal-
ers, are able to make immediate deliv-
eries of Oakland Sensible Sixes. A
quantity shipment of 25 cars was re-
ceived about a week ago, a dozen of
this number remaining unsold at this
time.

When the armistice was signed, the
Oakland was selling for $1375. A radi-
cal reduction in price was announced
a few weeks after in the belief that
prices of material and labor would be
readjusted downward. Also the re-
sumption of quantity production was
planned.

Subsequent events, however, have
been to the contrary; labor has steadily
advanced; materials and production is
far from normal and the future indi-
cates a continuation of the present
unfavorable conditions. The result is
that automobiles are again on a stead-
ily increasing market and deliveries
were never so difficult.

After many weeks of effort, how-
ever, the Roper company succeeded in
making arrangements for the 25-car
shipment. Only a dozen of the cars
remain unsold. The present low price
will continue for an indefinite period
only.

The opportunity afforded by the
Roper company will last but a matter
of days. As soon as the present visible
supply of the firm is disposed of, the
present offer will be withdrawn. C. C.
Miller, sales manager of the company,
announced yesterday afternoon.

SUSPECT OF BURNING HAYSTACK

well known to Phoenix theatergoers.
She has appeared here for the past few
seasons with the Redmond company
and numbers many close friends.

THEATER FAVORITE

PLAINTIFF IN SUIT TELLS OF ROAD FROM
PHOENIX TO COAST

Eleanor Flevins Lett, popular ac-
tress and society favorite, yesterday
brought suit on note against A. G.
Utley, J. E. Meyer and W. L. Barnard
for $2,078.05 with interest at 8 per
cent dating from February, 1919, at-
torney’s fees and costs.

According to the complaint, filed by
Bullard and Jacobs in the office of the
clerk of the court yesterday, a note
made by Utley and endorsed by Meyer
and Barnard was made for the purpose
of securing the cancellation of a for-
mer promissory note of Utley to the
plaintiff made under the date of May
10, 1918. The later note was made
on February 4 of this year. It is
alleged that no part of the note has
been paid, with the exception of $200.

“Peggy” Flevins, the plaintiff, is
well known to Phoenix theatergoers.

H. E. Kampmann, assistant cashier
of the Standard Oil company, has just
made a trip to Los Angeles by way of
Blythe and Mecca. He made the trip in a
Ford, leaving here at 5:30 p. m. Thurs-
day night, and arriving in Los Angeles
at 11 o’clock Saturday night.

At the request of the chamber of
commerce, he made special note of road
conditions and writes as follows:

“Arrived O. K. Saturday night just
a little before 11 o’clock. Road condi-
tions between Phoenix and Ehrenberg
fair with heavy sand approaching the
river. From the river to Blythe very,
very poor. From Blythe to Mecca for
50 miles the heaviest of sand. The re-
maining 42 miles fair. From Mecca to
Indio (6 miles), very, very poor.
From Indio to Los Angeles the road
is good, but not all boulevard. Will
return by way of Parker.”

NOTICE TO PEOPLE LEAVING
PHOENIX

If you are leaving Phoenix on a
summer trip, surely you want to
have the Arizona Republican follow
you, in order to keep posted on the
things going on in Phoenix and vi-
cinity. We will be glad to send the Arizona
Republican to anyone for any length
of time for 75 cents per month, or
$2.00 for three months.
You may change your address just
as often as you desire and we will
positively guarantee good service.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN

“Victory” Buttons
ARE NOW AVAILABLE

“Victory” buttons, to be worn by all
soldiers, field clerks and army nurses
who served for 15 days or more be-
tween the dates April 6, 1917, and
November 11, 1918, are now available,
it was announced yesterday by Ser-
geant R. P. Neeper, in charge of the
local army recruiting bureau.

To obtain these buttons, which are
silver for those who were wounded and
bronze for all others, the original dis-
charge from the army must be pre-
sented at Sergeant Neeper’s office,
West Washington street. This dis-
charge will be forwarded by him to
Los Angeles, together with an appli-
cation blank filled out by the appli-
cant. These discharges will be for-
warded once a week only, on Saturday,
because of the large number of cities
subsidiary to the Los Angeles station.

Found guilty on circumstantial evi-
dence, John W. Turner was convicted
by a jury in Judge Stanford’s court
yesterday of the crime of burning a
haystack. He will be sentenced Mon-
day morning at 9:30 o’clock.

The state convicted Turner on tracks
made by shoes of the man who burned
the hay belonging to B. R. Auxier,
which was stacked on his ranch near
Scottsdale. Leading from the cut
fence around to the haystack were
shoe tracks, pictures of which were
exhibited in court and which compared
with the soles of the shoes which were
offered as a state exhibit. The state
proved that after the fire Turner came
to town and procured a new pair of
shoes, leaving his old ones at a local
shop. These shoes were offered by the
prosecution.

Turner did not take the stand in his
own behalf.

HERE ON TOUR OF ARMY WORK

T. W. Stemmler, first lieutenant in
the construction division of the United
States army and supervisor in charge
of the Mexican border project between
El Paso and Yuma, arrived in the city
yesterday from Ft. Apache, where two
Phoenix firms, C. W. Cisney and the
New-State Electric company are work-
ing under government contracts signed
by Lieutenant Stemmler June 26.

C. W. Cisney will build barracks,
power plant, saw mill, cold storage
plant, warehouse, stables and non-
commissioned officers’ quarters, the
whole to cost $72,000. The New State
Electric company, of which F. H. En-
sign is president, will install $12,000
worth of electrical works in both new
and old buildings at the post, 65 in all.

Lieutenant Stemmler will leave this
morning for Tucson, Nogales, Fort
Arivaca, Naco, Fort Huachuca, Doug-
las and Columbus, where other work of
a similar nature, also under his super-
vision, is being done.

LEAVE FOR EAST TO
GET HOSPITAL FUND

The Arizona Inter-Denominational
Sanatorium, the latest project of the
character to be launched here, formally
filed papers of incorporation yesterday
morning. The Rev. G. A. Deck has
been made president of the new proj-
ect, Daniel Hess vice president, the
Rev. Clyde Burnett secretary and J.
H. W. Champion treasurer.

Mr. Deck, accompanied by Prof. L.
A. Reed, Mrs. L. A. Reed, Deborah Wil-
son and Harold Hunt, campaign work-
ers for the sanatorium, left last night
by motor car for the east. The party
expects to make the trip to New York
and return in 60 days, and during the
trip expect to raise all or nearly all of
the $100,000 campaign fund which the
project calls for.

The Pentecostal, Nazarene, Free
Methodist and Missionary churches are
represented on the board of directors
for the proposed sanatorium.

CHANGES PLEA—Willie Nash, a
returned soldier, yesterday changed his
plea of not guilty to guilty of the crime
of assault by means likely to produce
bodily harm. He will be sentenced Sat-
urday. After the plea was taken, the
court announced that evidence would
be taken and witnesses will be called to
the stand to testify to the pool hall
fight in the south side which resulted
in the arrest of Nash.