TrRi

t

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 15, 1893.

Prescott Stage Line

for Prescott via Black Canyon:
Leaves Phoenix, Tuesday, Thursday and Satur
day at 7 a. m. Arrive, Sunday, Wednesday and
Friday 9 p. m. Fare, $7.50. Each pound of
baggage free; excess, 2 cents per pound.
For Prescott, Mt Vulture and Congress:
Leaves Phoenix, Monday, Wednesday and Fri
day at 7 a. m. Arrive, Tuesday, Thursday and
Saturday at 5 p. m. Fare, $1.50. Fifty pounds of
baggage free; excess, 75 cents per pound.
Office with Wells, Fargo & Co.
H. O. WHITELAKE, Agent.

Go for White Hills Mining Camp !

Tri-Weekly Stage Line.
Through in one day: 8-passenger, 4-horse thoroughbrace
wagon; change horses at Cross
and Mountain Springs; leaves King
man Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 7:30 a.
m. and arrives at camp at 7 p. m. same day.
Leaves White Hills Camp Tuesday, Thursday
and Saturday at 8 a. m. and arrives at King
man same evening.
Fare, $7; freight 50c.
Shortest and most direct route to the New
White Hills mining camp. Stage office at store
of H. Tassart Mercantile company. Extra
arrangements on application.
Kingman, Ariz.

Call for City Warrants.

Notice is hereby given to the electors and
taxpayers of the city of Phoenix that an elec
tion will be held in the city on Tuesday, the
27th day of June, A. D. 1893, for the adoption or
rejection of the provisions of an act of the
Fifteenth Legislative Assembly of Arizona,
entitled an act granting to incorporated cities
and towns powers and privileges in addition to
those already vested in them by charter or
general law of this territory. Said election
will be held at West precinct, J. W. Kincaid's
store Wall street, Phoenix, Ariz.; East precinct,
office, basement of the city hall, Phoenix, Ariz.,
and will be conducted in accordance with
the provisions of act No. 61 of the Sixteenth
Legislative Assembly of Arizona.
Date of 1st publication
May 27, 1893.

Summons.

In the District Court of the Third Judicial Dis
trict of the Territory of Arizona, in and for
the county of Maricopa.
William E. Williams, plaintiff,)
vs.
Elizabeth Williams, defendant.)
Action brought in the District Court of the
Third Judicial District of the Territory of
Arizona in and for Maricopa County, and the
complaint filed in said Maricopa County, in
the office of the Clerk of said District Court.
In the name of the Territory of Arizona, to
Elizabeth Williams, defendant, Greeting:
You are hereby summoned and required to
appear in an action brought against you by the
above named plaintiff in the District Court of the
Third Judicial District of the Territory of
Arizona, in and for Maricopa County, and an
answer to the complaint therein filed with the Clerk
of said Court at Phoenix, in said County,
within ten days after the service upon you of
this summons, if served in this said County, or
if served out of this said County and within
this said Judicial District, then within twenty
days thereafter, or in all other cases within
thirty days thereafter, the times above men
tioned being exclusive of the day of service, or
judgment by default will be taken against you.
Given under my hand and seal of the
District Court of the Third Judicial District of the
Territory of Arizona, in and for Maricopa County,
this 7th day of May, A. D. 1893.
(SEAL) C. H. KNAPP
Clerk of said District Court.
By J. H. STOUT,
Deputy Clerk.

Continuation in force and extending the
time sixty (60) days from the 28th
day of July, 1893, for completing the con
struction of the Electric Railway, commenced and being
constructed under the franchise granted to J. O. Dunbar by
ordinance No. 13, entitled "An Ordinance granting to J. O. Dunbar, his
successors and assigns, a franchise
to construct an Electric Street Railway
system, and system of electric light
and power in the City of Phoenix."

The common council of the city of Phoenix
ordains as follows:

SECTION I.
The time for the completion of the elec
tric railway under the franchise granted J. O.
Dunbar, his successor and assigns, by ordinance No. 13, of the city of Phoenix, is
hereby extended a period of sixty
days from and after the 28th day of July,
1893.

SECTION II.
This ordinance shall take effect and be in
force from and after its passage and publica
tion according to law.
The common council of the city of
Phoenix, this 7th day of June,
A. D. 1893.
J. J. PETERS,
Mayor.
E. L. SCHWARTZ,
City Recorder.

ORDINANCE NO. 150.

An ordinance levying and collect
ing City Taxes for the fiscal year
ending June 30th, 1894.

The Council of Phoenix do ordain as
follows:

SECTION I.
The year for the city of Phoenix shall
begin the first day of July of each year
and end the thirtieth day of June of each
year.

SECTION II.
Fifty cents upon every one hundred
dollars of the assessed valuation of
property is hereby levied and imposed upon all
real and personal property (except such as
may be exempt from taxation) in the city
of Phoenix, for the general current expense
and city fund for the fiscal year commencing
the 1st day of July, 1893, and ending on
the 30th day of June, 1894.

SECTION III.
A municipal tax of thirty cents upon every
one Hundred ($100.00) dollars of the assessed
valuation of property is hereby levied
upon all property, real and personal, (except such as may be exempt from taxation), for the payment
of the sinking fund upon the bonds of said
city. The Fire Apparatus Fund, the City
Park Fund, the Poor Fund and other funds
for the fiscal year commencing on the
1st day of July, 1893, and ending on the
30th day of June, 1894.

SECTION IV.
The taxes hereby levied shall have the force
and effect of a judgment against the persons
assessed and taxed and shall be
and constitute a lien upon all the property, real
and personal in said city, which lien shall
remain until all such taxes, together with the present penalty, costs and
disbursements thereof, if any there
be, are paid and the property has also
been purchased under a sale for
the delinquencies, penalties and costs,
and shall have full force and effect as by
the Act of the Legislature of the Territory of
Arizona, entitled "An Act to amend an Act to incorporate the City of Phoenix,"
and the persons liable to taxation shall be subject to
the general personal property tax, with the
penalty when becoming delinquent, together
with costs of such proceeding as provided by
law after the levy hereby made.

SECTION V.
The City Assessor shall assess for taxation in said city
and shall prepare, complete and
publish a full assessment roll thereof with the City
Recorder of the City, by the first day of Sep-
tember next following collecting the assess-
ments for the record. The Assessor shall make the assessment
roll in a form conforming with the
laws of the Territory regarding the
assessment of real and personal property and
the Assessor's valuation of property shall be
the true cash value. The Common Council shall act as a Board of
Equalization on the second Monday in Sep
tember, 1893, and shall continue its sessions
from day to day until the business thereof is
disposed of, provided, however, that said board
shall not sit later than the tenth day of September,
1893. Provided that the Board of Equalization shall have power
upon complaint filed, to hear and determine
whether the assessed value of any property is
too small or too great, and may change and cor
rect any valuation either by increasing or dim
inishing such valuation upon good grounds
shown therefor, whether such valuation was
fixed by owner or the assessor, but before
the Board of Equalization shall increase or add
to the assessed valuation of any property in the
assessment roll, they shall direct the City Re
corder to give notice to the person interested
of the day when they shall act in the matter,
allowing a reasonable time for the appearance
of the person interested. Such notice shall be
in writing and may be delivered to the person
interested personally, or deposited in the post
office and addressed to him at his place of resi
dence, postage prepaid.
On the hearing of any matter before such
board, they may issue orders requiring the at
tendance of any person to testify under oath
concerning the value of the property in ques
tion. Any person whose assessed value of
property has been increased by the Board of Equal
ization and not appearing before the Board at
session in September may appear before the
Common Council at its first regular meeting in
October, 1893, and if they make affidavit to the
effect that they had no notice of the increase
of valuation to the satisfaction of the Common
Council, then the Common Council may resolve
itself into a Board of Equalization, and the per
son so filing his affidavit may be heard con
cerning such increase of valuation and the
determination shall then be final.
The City Recorder shall enter upon the as
sessment roll all changes made by the Board of
Equalization.
The City Assessor shall attend all the meet
ings of the Board of Equalization and he shall
have the right to produce evidence concerning
any question of the valuation of property, and
the board shall diligently inquire into the
valuation of all property in the city to the end
that it may be assessed fairly and equitably,
and assessed at its full cash value.
The board may require the assessor to enter
upon a supplemental roll and assess any other
property which has not been so assessed, and the
assessments and the equalizations so made shall
have the same force and effect as if made by
the assessor before he delivered the assessment
roll to him to the City Recorder.
After the Board of Equalization shall have
closed its session, the assessor shall change the
tax levied by this ordinance and as may be cor
rected by said Board of Equalization against the
name of each individual or piece of property.
After three rounds of notices are added, the as
sessment roll shall be placed on the Tax Roll of the
city of Phoenix, and the tax therein charged
shall continue to be a lien upon said property.
All taxes shall be collected and payable on the
first day of October, 1893.

The Tax Collector shall collect the taxes
until paid and shall charge the same to the
Treasurer of the city, and in case of delinquency
the Tax Collector shall add ten (10) per cent
penalty each month after the date of delinquency
until paid. All costs of collection shall be addi
tional to the respective sums so delinquent. The
Tax Collector shall also at all times have access to
the Tax Collector's records and shall perform
such duties. The Tax Collector shall, upon re
ceipt of the warrant of the Mayor for the collec
tion of the taxes hereby levied, collect by distraint and sale. If not otherwise collected, the
taxes due on personal property situated upon the
streets shall be sold. The sale must be at public auction,
after one (1) week's notice of the time and place
thereof given by publication in a newspaper
published and printed in the city of Phoenix, or
by posting notices thereof in three (3) public
places therein and of a sufficient time thereof to
enable payment of the taxes, penalties and costs.
For the levying and selling personal property, the
Tax Collector may charge the sum of three
(3) dollars as costs of such tax. On payment
of the price paid for the property sold, the
Tax Collector shall deliver to the purchaser a bill
of sale conveying to the purchaser all the
title thereto; all excesses but taxes, percentage and costs, and the proceeds
of any such sale must be returned to the owner
of the property so sold, and until claimed must
be deposited with the City Treasurer subject
to the order of the owner, heirs or assigns.
The Tax Collector must make and return the
same statement with taxes collected in this
manner as in other cases.

SECTION VII.
All sales of real property for delinquent taxes
contemplated in this ordinance shall be made
from the office of the city recorder of said
city and such sale shall be recorded and
filed in accordance with the laws of the Territory of Ari
zona as far as practicable.

SECTION VIII.
If within one (1) year after the sale of real
property for delinquent taxes and penalties,
personal property is not redeemed under the pro
visions of this section, the title to which shall
have vested to purchasers, any owner or other party
having a direct interest therein may appear and pay
such tax and delinquency with all costs there
to, together with ten (10) per cent penalty
on the purchase price, then such owner or party
in interest may redeem said property.

SECTION IX.
If no redemption is made within one (1) year
after sale of real property as herein provided,
then the Tax Collector of said city shall make
the necessary affidavit for the same, and file
the affidavit and deed which shall show
that the property was assessed, the
assessments made out, the taxes levied in
accordance with this ordinance,
that the taxes were not paid and at the proper
time and place the property was sold
by the proper officer under this ordinance.
Such affidavit shall be prima facie evidence (except as against actual
fraud) of the regularity of all proceedings from
the advertisement by the officer to the execu
tion of such deed. All such deeds shall be
made to the purchaser and shall not exceed three (3.00) dollars each for the
extra cost on thereof.

SECTION X.
No demand for taxes shall be necessary but
it shall be the duty of every person subject to
taxation under this ordinance to attend in
person or by agent or attorney at the office of
said tax collector and pay his taxes before the
date of publication.

SECTION XI.
At the tax sale hereinbefore provided for and
after receiving the taxes, penalties and costs,
the Tax Collector must make out in duplicate a
certificate dated on the day of the sale, stating,
when known, the name of the person assessed,
description of the property sold and the
amount paid therefor; that it was sold for tax
delinquency for the amount and the year of the
tax; also specifying the time when the
deed will be filed. The certificate must be signed by the tax collector
and one copy to be delivered to the purchaser
and the other filed in the office of the
City Tax Collector and, also, in a book kept
for that purpose, enter a description of the
property sold for that purpose, with description
of the sale, the date of the sale, the price and
any other particulars. The entry in such book
shall be made in the office of the city recorder
and open to inspection. The certificate shall be assignable and an
assignment thereof shall vest in the assignee
or his legal representative all the right and
title of the original purchaser.
On filing such certificate with the city re
corder, the lien of the city vests in the pur
chaser and is only divested by payment to him
or the tax collector for his use of the purchased
money with thirty (30) per cent penalty, as
aforesaid, and seven (7) per cent interest on the
purchase money from the day of sale, and such
payment must be made before the expiration of
the time for the redemption of such property.

SECTION XII.
All ordinances and parts of ordinances in con
flict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

SECTION XIII.
This ordinance shall take effect and be in
force from and after its passage, approval and
publication for ten (10) days in a newspaper
published in the city of Phoenix, Arizona ter
ritory. Passed by the Common Council this 7th
day of June, 1893. Approved this 7th day of
June, 1893.
P. J. COLE.
Attest: Mayor.
E. L. SCHWARTZ,
City Recorder.
Date of first publication June 9, 1893.

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
Of the Volcanic Copper Milling and
Smelting Company.

We, Benjamin E. Lower, Robert Hunter, Al
bert H. Barber, George Lower, Volney Barber
and George Hunter, desiring to incorporate un
der the provisions of Title XII of the Revised
Statutes of the Territory of Arizona, do hereby
adopt the following Articles of Incorporation,
viz:

ARTICLE I.
The name of this corporation shall be the
Volcanic Copper Mining and Smelting Com
pany, and its principal place of business shall
be in the city of Phoenix, in the county of Mar
icopa and territory of Arizona.

ARTICLE II.
The capital stock of this corporation shall be
the sum of Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($750,000), divided into Seven Hundred
and Fifty Thousand (750,000) shares of the par
value of One Dollar ($1) each, which capital
stock shall be paid in upon the call of the
board of directors of this corporation, as pro
vided by their by-laws.

ARTICLE III.
The general nature of the business proposed to
be transacted by this corporation is the buying,
selling, owning and operating of mines, the con
struction and operation of mills and smelters
for the milling, smelting and reduction of ores,
and the purchase and sale of ores, metals and
minerals.

ARTICLE IV.
The time of the commencement of this cor
poration shall be the date of the filing of these
articles of incorporation in the Recorder's of
fice of Maricopa county, Arizona, and the ter
mination thereof shall be twenty-five years
thereafter.

ARTICLE V.
The affairs of this corporation shall be con
ducted by a board of directors to be elected
from among the stockholders of the corpora
tion at the annual stockholders' meeting, which
shall be held in the city of Phoenix on the first
Tuesday in January in each year, and the of
ficers of this corporation shall consist of a presi
dent, vice president, secretary and treasurer,
all of whom shall be elected by the board of di
rectors from among their number annually,
immediately upon the election of the board of
directors as hereinafter provided; and until the
annual meeting of the stockholders, in Janu
ary, 1894, the affairs of this corporation shall be
conducted by the following named incorpor
ators, Benjamin E. Lower, Robert Hunter,
Albert H. Barber, George Lower and Volney
Barber, as follows: Benjamin E. Lower, presi
dent; Volney Barber, vice president; Albert H.
Barber, secretary; Robert Hunter, treasurer.

ARTICLE VI.
The highest amount of indebtedness or lia
bility to which this corporation shall at any
time be subject shall be the sum of Five
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00).

ARTICLE VII.
The private property of the stockholders of
this corporation shall be exempt from the debts
of the corporation.

ARTICLE VIII.
The capital stock of this corporation shall be
forever non-assessable, and each certificate
thereof shall state upon its face the number of
shares represented thereby, and that the same
is forever non-assessable.

ARTICLE IX.
These Articles of Incorporation, except Arti
cle VIII, may be amended at any annual meet
ing of the stockholders, or at any special meet
ing thereof called for that purpose, by a ma
jority vote of stock of the corporation.
In witness whereof we have hereunto set our
hands and seals this 16th day of March, 1893.
Signed,
BENJAMIN E. LOWER. (Seal)
ROBERT HUNTER. (Seal)
ALBERT H. BARBER. (Seal)
VOLNEY BARBER. (Seal)
GEORGE LOWER. (Seal)
GEORGE HUNTER. (Seal)

TERRITORY OF ARIZONA,)
County of MARICOPA. )

Before me, Jerry Millay, Notary Public in
and for the County of Maricopa and Territory of
Arizona, on this day personally appeared Ben
jamin E. Lower, Robert Hunter and Albert H.
Barber, personally known to me to be the per
sons whose names are subscribed to the forego
ing instrument and acknowledged to me that
they executed the same for the purposes and
consideration therein expressed.
Witness my hand and seal of office this 16th
day of March, 1893.
(Seal) JERRY MILLAY,
Notary Public.

State of Illinois,
County of Macon. )

Before me, J. L. Drake, a Notary Public in
and for the County of Macon and State of Illi
nois, on this day personally appeared Volney
Barber, George Lower and George Hunter, per
sonally known to me to be the persons whose
names are subscribed to the foregoing instru
ment and acknowledged to me that they exe
cuted the same for the purposes and considera
tion therein expressed.
Witness my hand and seal of office this 21st
day of March, 1893.
(Seal) J. L. DRAKE,
Notary Public.

Summons.

In the District Court of the Third Judicial
District of the Territory of Arizona, in and
for the County of Maricopa.
The Gila Bend Reservoir and
Irrigation Company, a corpora
tion, Plaintiff,
vs.
Richard A. Culler, The City
Bank of Los Angeles, N. R.
Gibson, J. W. Gill, S. C.
Bartlett, Eliot Callender,
N. C. Dougherty, John H.
Stevens, William Jack, J.
B. Greenhut, L. H. Harrison,
B. F. Rhodehammel, George
J. Gibson, B. C. Benson,
A. A. Dougherty, John Doe,
Richard Roe and others
whose names are unknown
to the plaintiffs,
Defendants.

Action brought in the District Court of the
Third Judicial District of the Territory of Ari
zona, in and for Maricopa County, and the
complaint filed in said Maricopa County, in
the office of the Clerk of said District Court.
In the name of the Territory of Arizona, to
Richard A. Culler, The City Bank of Los An
geles, N. R. Gibson, J. W. Gill, S. C. Bartlett,
Eliot Callender, N. C. Dougherty, John H.
Stevens, William Jack, J. B. Greenhut, L. H.
Harrison, B. F. Rhodehammel, George J. Gib
son, B. C. Benson, A. A. Dougherty, John Doe,
Richard Roe and others whose names are un
known to the plaintiff, defendants, Greeting:
You are hereby summoned and required to
appear in an action brought against you by the
above named plaintiff, in the District Court of
the Third Judicial District of the Territory of
Arizona, in and for Maricopa County, and an
swer the complaint therein filed with the Clerk
of this said court, at Phoenix, in said County,
within ten days after the service upon you of
this summons, if served in this said County, or
if served out of this said County and within
this said Judicial District, then within twenty
days thereafter, or in all other states within
thirty days thereafter, the times above men
tioned being exclusive of the day of service, or
judgment by default will be taken against you.
Given under my hand and seal of
the District Court of the Third
Judicial District of the Terri
tory of Arizona, in and for
Maricopa County, this 1st day
of June, A. D. 1893.
C. H. KNAPP,
Clerk of said District Court.
By J. H. STOUT, Deputy Clerk.
Date of first publication June 2, 1893.

O. S. MAIL AND STAGE LINE.
Passengers from Globe, San Carlos, Fort
Thomas and all points below will please take
the stage at Solomonville for Duncan on Mon
days, Wednesdays and Fridays at 7 o'clock a. m.
making close connection at Duncan with the
train from Lordsburg to Clifton and Morenci.
Also with the stage for Carlisle, New Mexico,
returning from Duncan to Solomonville on ar
rival of train from Clifton and stage from Car
lisle on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays,
arriving at Solomonville at 6 o'clock p. m.
We keep a good coach at each end of the route.
This is a short road free from dust and chuck
holes. Commercial men taken on any day of
the week.
JOHN CLINE,
Proprietor.

Iron Works.
Colonel Iron Foundry !
Manufacturers of Mill, Mining,
Pumping and Hoisting Ma
chinery, Building Fronts and Archi
tectural Iron Work, Etc.
Llewellyn Bros.,
San Fernando St., near Main.
Los Angeles, Cal.
Manufacturers of Mill, Mining, Pump
ing and Hoisting Machinery, Oil and
Well Drilling Tools and Tools, Shafting,
Pulleys, Gearing and Hangers. Ranges,
Broilers, Ovens, Jacket Kettles, Ac.,
Building Fronts and Architectural Iron
Work. Gang Plows, Scrapers, Land Roll
ers, Plow Extras, Boilers and Engines.
Sole Agents for Atlas Engine Works
Boilers and Engines, Worthington's
Steam Pumps, Otis Bros. Safety, Hy
draulic and Steam Passenger and Freight
Elevators.
Your Custom Solicited.
250-252 Bienna Vista St., Los Angeles, Cal.

THE MONTEZUMA,
Las Vegas Hot Springs,
NEW MEXICO.
Clark D. Frost, Manager.
This Magnificent Wayside Inn is located in the Rocky Mountains, 7,000
feet above sea level, on the Santa Fe route.
Modern Hotel. Constant Sunshine. If You Ever Should Visit
Open the Year Round. Medicinal Hot Springs.
Low Weekly Rates. Hunting and Fishing.
Pure Air. Health and Pleasure.

Excursion Tickets on sale EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR. Write to H. C.
Nicholson, General Passenger and Ticket Agent, Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe
R. R., Topeka, Kansas, for a copy of a beautifully illustrated brochure, entitled
"THE LAND OF SUNSHINE."

H. O. WHITELAKE.

DON'T CHEAPLY
Fine Printing neatly and quickly

THE
Polish Block.

sons whose names are subscribed to the forego
ing instrument and acknowledged to me that
they executed the same for the purposes and
consideration therein expressed.
Witness my hand and seal of office this 16th
day of March, 1893.
(Seal) JERRY MILLAY,
Notary Public,
State of Illinois,
County of Macon. )

Before me, J. L. Drake, a Notary Public in
and for the County of Macon and State of Illi
nois, on this day personally appeared Volney
Barber, George Lower and George Hunter, per
sonally known to me to be the persons whose
names are subscribed to the foregoing instru
ment and acknowledged to me that they exe
cuted the same for the purposes and considera
tion therein expressed.
Witness my hand and seal of office this 21st
day of March, 1893.
(Seal) J. L. DRAKE,
Notary Public.

Summons.
In the District Court of the Third Judicial
District of the Territory of Arizona, in and
for the County of Maricopa.
The Gila Bend Reservoir and
Irrigation Company, a cor
poration, Plaintiff,
vs.
Richard A. Culler, The City
Bank of Los Angeles, N. R.
Gibson, J. W. Gill, S. C.
Bartlett, Eliot Callender,
N. C. Dougherty, John H.
Stevens, William Jack, J.
B. Greenhut, L. H. Harrison,
B. F. Rhodehammel, George
J. Gibson, B. C. Benson,
A. A. Dougherty, John Doe,
Richard Roe and others
whose names are unknown
to the plaintiffs,
Defendants.
Action brought in the District Court of the
Third Judicial District of the Territory of Ari
zona, in and for Maricopa County, and the
complaint filed in said Maricopa County, in
the office of the Clerk of said District Court.
In the name of the Territory of Arizona, to
Richard A. Culler, The City Bank of Los An
geles, N. R. Gibson, J. W. Gill, S. C. Bartlett,
Eliot Callender, N. C. Dougherty, John H.
Stevens, William Jack, J. B. Greenhut, L. H.
Harrison, B. F. Rhodehammel, George J. Gib
son, B. C. Benson, A. A. Dougherty, John Doe,
Richard Roe and others whose names are un
known to the plaintiff, defendants, Greeting:
You are hereby summoned and required to
appear in an action brought against you by the
above named plaintiff, in the District Court of
the Third Judicial District of the Territory of
Arizona, in and for Maricopa County, and an
swer the complaint therein filed with the Clerk
of this said court, at Phoenix, in said County,
within ten days after the service upon you of
this summons, if served in this said County, or
if served out of this said County and within
this said Judicial District, then within twenty
days thereafter, or in all other cases within
thirty days thereafter, the times above men
tioned being exclusive of the day of service, or
judgment by default will be taken against you.
Given under my hand and seal of
the District Court of the Third
Judicial District of the Terri
tory of Arizona, in and for
Maricopa County, this 1st day
of June, A. D. 1893.
C. H. KNAPP,
Clerk of said District Court.
By J. H. STOUT, Deputy Clerk.
Date of first publication June 2, 1893.

O. S. MAIL AND STAGE LINE.
Passengers from Globe, San Carlos, Fort
Thomas and all points below will please take
the stage at Solomonville for Duncan on Mon
days, Wednesdays and Fridays at 7 o'clock a. m.,
making close connection at Duncan with the
train from Lordsburg to Clifton and Morenci.
Also with the stage for Carlisle, New Mexico,
returning from Duncan to Solomonville on ar
rival of train from Clifton and stage from Car
lisle on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays,
arriving at Solomonville at 6 o'clock p. m.
We keep a good carriage at each end of the route.
This is a short road free from dust and chuck
holes. Commercial men taken on any day of
the week.
JOHN CLINE,
Proprietor.

IRON WORKS.
Colonel Iron Foundry !
Manufacturers of Mill, Mining,
Pumping and Hoisting Ma
chinery, Building Fronts and Archi
tectural Iron Work, Etc.
Llewellyn Bros.,
San Fernando St., near Main.
Los Angeles, Cal.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN CO.,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.

The Land of Sunshine

W. N. BURN.
W. H. SMITH & CO.
Undertakers and
Graduate U. S. College of Embalming, New York City
418 N. Washington street, opposite Gas Works,
Phoenix, - Arizona.

GROCERIES.

T. J. M. MONG GROCERY CO.
Washington Street,

Prompt Delivery of Goods.
Courteous Treatment of Everyone.

HARDWARE.

WHOLESALE
Shelf and Heavy
HARDWARE
Wagons, Buggies,
Agricultural Implements.

SOLE AGENTS FOR
Bain Wagon Co., Deere Plow Co., Columbus Buggy Co., South Bend
Chilled Plow, McCormick Harvesting Machine Co.,
Standard Mower, Planet Jr. Garden Tools.

WEST OF CITY HALL PLAZA
FRANK E. PREWITT,
Business Manager.

KEELEY INSTITUTE

The Immaculate Science of Dr. Leslie E. Keeley, the well known benefactor the discoverer of
the famous Keeley remedy, the Only Cure for Liquor, Opium, Morphine, Cocaine, Chloral
and Tobacco Habits, and the Powerful Remedy for Nervous and Chronic Debility.
Endorsed by the U. S. Government, the Press, the Pulpit,
and such notable persons as the Rev. Talmage, John V. Farwell, Joseph Medill and one hundred and
ten thousand people who have taken the treatment. For literature and full particulars address
THE KEELEY INSTITUTE, Phoenix, Ariz.
The Keeley Institute at Prescott, Arizona, will be open to receive patients after April 1, 1894.
All Correspondence strictly confidential.

MUSICAL.

PHOENIX MUSIC CO.
218-220 E. Washington St. ZIEGENFUSS & BUTTLAR.
Territorial Agency for Leading Makes of
American Pianos and Organs.
The J. C. FISKE PIANO, renowned for tone, durability and design, fifty three years
in the market. THE KRANICH & BACH, also a prime maker. THE
ESTEY ORGAN, widely known. THE KIMBALL PIANO in oak and walnut cabinet. Band and Orchestra
Instruments, Guitars, Music Books or any other articles in the musical line furnished to order.
Pianos and Organs sold on instalment plan.
Examine our stock before purchasing. Correspondence solicited.
Tuning Orders Promptly Attended to by an experienced Workman.

TAILORING.

The Gillett Tailoring Co.
No. 10 North Center Street.
Moderate Prices and Satisfaction Guaranteed.
BEN. T. GILLETT, Manager.

ADVERTISING.
SEND FOR DESIGNS
for Planning Etc.
Phone 5.

D. BATTIN.

EAST of Train Bros. Store.

KEMP & CO.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
GEO. E. PREWITT, M. D.,
Medical Director.

ESTIMATES
and Correspondence Solicited.
Pamphlets, Circulars, Posters, Letter Heads,
Bills, Pamphlets, etc.
Los Angeles, Cal.