FOR SALE Brick
MONEY TO LOAN. If you want to
build and need some money, come and
see me; my rates are the lowest. H. K.
Pascoe, 110 North Center Street.
business center.
and toilet, hot and cold,
electric lights. Gas for
lawn and shade. Mrs. L. C.
110 N. Center St.
EIGHTEENTH YEAR.
10 PAGES
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, THURSDAY MORNING. JULY
10 PAGES
VOL. XVIII.
NO. 01

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN

BREATHLESS COURT ROOM
HEARD HAWLEY'S ARGUMENT

The Eight Hour Speech of the Chief Counsel for the Haywood Prosecution

"Do Not Seek to Hang the Scalps of Innocent Men to My Belt; I Am
Here to Hunt Down the Guilty."

Boise, July 20. James H. Hawley, leading counsel for the state of Idaho, was in the midst of the arguments to the jury in the case against Haywood this for nearly eight hours, divided over three sessions of the court and when the afternoon session today had extended far beyond the usual time limit, every seat in the court room was occupied and remained until the last word was spoken.

A.t dusk the sun had gone down pitilessly, and the atmosphere of the room was almost stifling, fans and open windows affording little or no relief.

None listened more attentively to the argument than Haywood, and none showed less emotion. From time to time he took cautious notes and frequently made suggestions to one or the other of his counsel, seven, of whom were in court today.

Throughout the day, Hawley used an almost conversational tone. Step by step he followed Orchard along the road the great criminal had selected after he left the Coeur d'Alenes, stopping at the Vindicator mine, and then at the Independence depot, to count the sixteen dead. In Denver one more was added to the list. An analysis of the testimony in contradiction of Orchard's testimony concluded frequently with a denunciation of witness after witness, as wilful perjurers, or as guilty of unintentional falsehood.

When he had spoken five and a half hours, Mr. Hawley reached Caldwell, where at the close of the year 1906 preparations for the murder of Steunenberg were afoot. His voice now found a sympathetic note as he told of the last moments of the ex-governor. The court room was hushed and the jury leaned forward to catch the speaker's every word. Young James Steunenberg, who had a seat inside the railing, watched the speaker with lips drawn tight, his face quivering, but he gave no other sign of emotion. Hawley's peroration was impressive.

There was no attempt at any flight of oratory, but only a strong note of deep sincerity, and great earnestness when he pleaded for an honest judgment from the honest men of Idaho.

"We will be charged," he said, "with making war on the Western Federation, but I ask for your honest judgment. I do not seek to hang the scalps of innocent men to my belt; I am here to hunt down the guilty."

Hawley said that he did not charge that the majority, or even that many of the Western Federation members were criminals, but that the evil deeds of the officers and of the scum of the organization had brought discredit on the rank and file. The time had indeed come, he said, when right thinking men should rise and make war upon its evil influence which was a curse to all labor organizations.

"We must show the world," he said, "that here in Idaho we are a law-abiding and a God-fearing people, who will deal out even-handed justice to the criminal accused of the highest crime, as to the tramp charged with some petty breach of the law."

On the adjournment of the court until Monday morning Mr. Hawley was showered with compliments.

UNPROPITIOUS WEATHER
FOR THE STOCK DEALERS

That Factor, However, Did Not Prevent Active Movement in Some Lines.

New York, July 20. Bad weather was partly responsible for a large list of absentees from the stock exchange today and also for the languid and desultory movement of prices. The market was sluggish. Southern Pacific moved upwards with some vigor. The stocks of the telegraph companies sold up briskly in consequence of the settlement of the strike at San Francisco. Union Pacific did not fully sympathize with its subsidiary stock. Hill stocks were also unresponsive. The best prices were made after the publication of the bank statement. Profit taking made the closing tone irregular and left a mixture of small losses in prices.

GRAIN.
Chicago, July 20. The wheat market save for its firmness at the opening was weak all day. The close was weak. September opened at 92¾@93c, sold between 91½@93c and closed at 91¾@92c. September corn opened a shade to ¼&½c lower, sold between 52½@53 and closed at 52c. September oats opened a shade ⅛@¼c lower at 38½c, sold between 37¾@38½c and closed at 38c.

METALS.
New York, July 20. The metal markets were quiet and nominally unchanged in the absence of London cables. Spot tin $41@41.20. Copper was dull, with lake at $21.22 and casting at $20@20.50. Lead was quiet, with spot at $5.05@5.25. Spelter was easy at $6.05@6.10. Iron was quiet.

CATTLE AND SHEEP.
Chicago, July 20. Cattle receipts 50,000; market steady. Beeves $4.60@7.25, cows and heifers $1.50@5.25, calves $5.50@7.25, good to prime steers $5.70@7.25, poor to medium $4.60@5.60, stockers and feeders $2.80@5.00. Sheep receipts 4,000; market steady. Natives $3.75@5.00, westerns $4.10@5.90, yearlings $5.00@6.60, lambs $3.75@7.40, westerns $3.75@7.50.

WEATHER TODAY
Washington, July 20. Arizona Fair; north portion. Monday fair.

MUSEUM
Cor. Second Ave and Jefferson St.

THUGGERY
IN FRISCO

A Riot Started By Attack On Car
Motorman and Conductor Shot and a Building Wrecked by Runaway Car

San Francisco, July 20. As a result of an attack upon a strike breaking crew of a car late tonight, two men were shot and wounded, four persons were injured in the wrecking of a building by a runaway car, and many others severely clubbed by the police. More than a score of arrests were made for rioting.

While a car of the United Railroads in charge of J. Taltskorg and Motorman Morris Fell, reached the end of its run on the top of the hill at 29th and Noe streets at 9:30 tonight and the crew was just starting on a return trip, three unknown men standing in the darkness about fifteen yards away opened fire on the car with revolvers. Conductor Taltskorg had just raised his left arm to signal the motorman to go ahead when a bullet smashed his elbow. Almost at the same moment Motorman Fell dropped to the floor of the car with a bullet in his right thigh.

Another car was coming up the hill at the time and upon arriving at the shop the crew left it standing and took the car with the wounded men with all possible haste to car barns at 29th and Mission streets. As they turned the corner at that point they saw their car coming down the hill at a terrific rate of speed. Arriving at the turn the runaway car jumped the track and plunged into a small grocery store owned by H. Bernstein, completely wrecking the building. Sophie Bernstein, a daughter of the proprietor, and Ralph D. Hoff, wife and child, customers, were painfully cut and bruised by the breaking glass and falling timbers.

An immense crowd immediately gathered and a fire alarm and riot call was turned in. The police reserves charged the crowd, which had become turbulent, and used their clubs freely. Many heads were cracked and twenty arrests were made for rioting. Police Sergeant Lane was struck in the back of the head by a stone and seriously hurt.

He fired three shots at two men, one of whom he charged threw the missile. The two wounded men were taken to St. Luke's hospital. Their injuries were not dangerous. It is supposed that the men who attacked the crew released the brakes on the car and started it downhill.

o
THE UTAH EXCITEMENT
BECOMES MORE INTENSE

Over 231 Square Miles Have Been Covered by Oil Locations.

Los Angeles, July 20. A dispatch from St. George, Utah, where discoveries of petroleum were recently made states that the excitement there over oil locations is at fever heat. Nine hundred and twenty-five locations have been made in the vicinity of Virgin, covering an area of 231 square miles, although it is stated that many of the locations overlap.

Drilling began on June 24, and a flow of oil was struck July 13 at a depth of 660 feet. The first well is said to flow seventy barrels a day by pumping. The oil is high grade illuminating oil, with a specific gravity of 42. Salt water was encountered, and it caused no trouble. The original well is located 28 miles from St. George. The well will be sunk to a much greater depth.

AN IMPENDING RACE WAR.
Guthrie, Okla., July 20. Following the murder of two officers and the death of a negro at Vamoose, I. T., citizens have formed a mob and are marching to the house of the barricaded blacks.

For
SALE
Good cattle range, 160 acres
patented land; two large pas
tures, house, barn, orchard, good
running water, 600 head cattle,
100 head horses, at a bargain.
See
DWIGHT B. HEARD
Center and Adams Streets
Bobby Shafto's gone to sea;
Silver buckle on his knee;
He'll come back a regular dandy
With a box of Donofrio's cactus candy.

DEATH HID
IN THE CUT
Thirty Were Killed On the
Pere Marquette

A Passenger Train Struck a Freight at a Fifty-Mile Rate.

Salem, Mich., July 20. Thirty people are dead and more than seventy injured, many seriously, as the result of a head-end collision today between this village and Plymouth, when a Pere Marquette excursion train bound from Ionia to Detroit, crashed into a westbound freight in a cut located in a sharp curve of the Pere Marquette railroad about a mile east of Salem.

The passenger train of eleven cars was carrying Pere Marquette shop employes of Ionia, and their families to the Michigan metropolis for the annual excursion and was running at a rapid speed, probably fifty miles an hour, down a steep grade. It struck the lighter locomotive of the freight train with such terrible force as to turn the freight engine completely around.

The wrecked locomotives this afternoon lay side by side both headed eastward. Only a few of the freight train's cars were smashed and it took only a few hours to remove all traces of them from the scene. But behind the two wrecked locomotives six cars of the passenger train lay piled up in a hopeless wreck. Four passenger coaches remained on the track undamaged and were used to convey the dead and injured to Ionia. One coach was undamaged with only the forward trucks off the rails. These were the rear five cars. The two coaches next ahead of these were telescoped. The next car forward stood almost on end after the wreck, its forward end resting on the roadbed.

Fireman Knowles died on the relief train en route to Detroit, bringing the list of dead to thirty, with a possibility that more bodies might be found in the wreckage and that several of the injured may die.

The responsibility is put squarely upon the crew of the freight train by the officials of the road. Those who arrived on the scene soon after the accident secured from the crew of the freight orders under which it was running, and which clearly showed the position of the passenger excursion train and the freight had encroached upon the other train's running time. The special was due at Salem at 9:10 a. m. and at Plymouth at 9:30 a. m. It passed Salem on time. The time card of the special was telegraphed to the freight crew in the form of a train order and this order with the signatures of the freight train crew attached was secured by the officials.

The freight crew left the scene early but the railroad officials say they explained simply that they had forgotten. The collision occurred at 9:13 o'clock and the freight train should have reached Salem at 9:10 to be within their orders. The excursion train left Ionia, crowded with men, women and children at 6 o'clock this morning. It was the annual excursion of the shop men of the road to Detroit. Every family had lunch baskets and many of them were eating when the two trains crashed together.

The impact was terrific and a number of passengers sitting near the windows of the rear end of the undamaged coaches were thrown through the windows to the ground.

There was a panic among the occupants of the coaches for a few minutes. As the unfortunate people realized that they had not been hurt they rushed from the cars to the rescue of their friends and relatives who were pinioned among the wrecked cars ahead.

Families were scattered among different cars and there were frenzied searchers for missing relatives. Mothers ran screaming up and down in search of their children, while many young people were as frantically calling for their parents.

S. Dennlhy, a young man of Ionia, was in the last coach, while a sister was in one of the middle coaches, and his father and mother were in one of the most seriously damaged cars.

"I felt the jar when the air brakes were applied," said Mr. Dennlhy. "Then, before anyone had time to stand up or leave the seat, came the crash of the collision. In the confusion of the moment I did not realize that the car was undamaged, and, seeking the quickest exit to the open air, I jumped through an open window to the ground. I found my sister several cars ahead, uninjured, but my mother was standing supported by a couple of men, with her head and hands covered with blood, father was sitting inside the window of one of

Continued on Page 5.

THE BEST EVER Hartford
Tires. They have stood the test
and are guaranteed by us. We
also carry BUGGY TIRES.
Phoenix Cycle Co
22 W. Adams St. Phone Red 524.
Bobby Shafto, fat and fair,
Combing down his yellow hair;
He's my love forever more
And we'll ever buy candy at Donofrio's.

THE GROWTH
OF A DUEL
Out of the Professor Hau Murder Case

The Defense Will Try to Place the Crime Upon Another Man.

Karlsruhe, July 20. Mysterious incidents are multiplying in connection with the trial of Karl Hau, former professor of Roman law in George Washington University at Washington, D. C., on the charge of murdering his mother-in-law, Frau Molitor, at Baden Baden on November 6, 1906. Soon after the court opened today another tilt between opposing counsel occurred, during which Herr Deitz, counsel for Hau, announced that he had sent his representatives this morning to Dr. Bleicher, the state attorney, in connection with the remarks made by the attorney at the sitting yesterday, and that Bleicher had refused to receive his representatives. Deitz later informed newspaper correspondents that he intended this as a preliminary step to a duel. Bleicher said last evening that the criticism made by Deitz of the expert testimony was insulting.

Another sensation today was the sudden summoning upon a motion made by Deitz of two witnesses from Karlsruhe. One of these witnesses is a young artist named Lenicke, who was recently confined in the same prison with Hau upon a charge of which he has since been acquitted, and the other is Lenicke's counsel, Dr. Vogel. The latter swore that his client had an interview with him in which he declared that he had some important information which was obtained from Hau while they were both in prison and which is calculated to put an entirely new aspect on the case. At this point the court adjourned until this afternoon to take Deitz's motion under consideration.

It has now become clear that the line of action of the defense is to throw suspicion on a man named Weiland, who was in the employ of the Molitors as a servant. The appearance of Weiland, however, does not correspond with the man that was seen following the Molitors. A mysterious circumstance is that Weiland disappeared soon after the murder and the prosecution and authorities have not been able to ascertain his whereabouts.

In view of the introduction of such points as the foregoing, the hearing of the case will be prolonged into next week.

o
RECALCITRANT WITNESS
GIVEN BRIEF LIBERTY

Zimmer Will Be Given a Chance to Answer Questions Tomorrow or Go to Jail Again.

San Francisco, July 20. Five days' incarceration of E. J. Zimmer, vice president, and formerly auditor of the Pacific States Telephone Company, in the county jail for refusing to testify at the trial of Louis Glass, ended this afternoon at 3:30 o'clock. Zimmer emerged arrayed in a new suit of clothes (not prison made) and left immediately for his home. Before leaving he was served by Chief Jailer Kirwan with a subpoena to appear in Judge Lawlor's court room on Monday morning.

For a time it appeared that the original five days sentence of Judge Lawlor's be extended indefinitely by the health officer of this city. Smallpox necessitating a quarantine of the county jail threatened Zimmer with further seclusion. When his time expired, Zimmer was permitted to leave on the conditions that he discard the clothing worn by him during his term. The serving of the subpoena raises an interesting speculation as to how long he will be able to stand five day sentences for contempt of court. In all likelihood he will again be placed on the stand by prosecution which announced that the questions of last Monday are again to be asked. Should he refuse to answer it is probable that Judge Lawlor will again inflict a five day penalty and may, if he sees fit, give Zimmer a longer period to reflect on his position.

JOHN D. ROCKEFELLER
MAY VISIT TENNESSEE

The Wholesale Indictments Against the Standard Oil Company Officials Stand.

Memphis, July 20. Judge McCall of the federal court today decided that the federal grand jury which returned an indictment of 1524 counts against the Standard Oil company was acting within its jurisdiction. The Standard Oil attorneys had moved to quash the indictment, alleging that the grand jury had not power to indict officials living in other states even though the alleged crimes were committed in Tennessee. This motion the judge overruled.

The effect of the decision will be that the officials living in Indiana may be brought here to testify. It is believed that John D. Rockefeller will be brought here as a witness in the case.

THE JAPANESE PROGRAM
TO CROWN THE CONQUEST

The Hague Incident the Pretext for Extending the Suzerainty Over Korea.

It Is Intimated that Full Control of the Internal Administration of the Peninsula Will Be Aimed by Japan.

Tokio, Sunday, July 21. When the news of the probable abdication of the emperor of Korea was first received here it was construed as a cunning move to escape the consequences of the Hague incident. It was suggested in a certain quarter which has a strong influence with the government that the abdication should not be recognized until the problem caused by the Korean government's action at The Hague is definitely and finally settled. Nobody, however, will be aware of Marquis Ito's plan until after his formal audience with the new emperor is held.

The result of this audience will first be made known in official reports from Korea and then published here. The feeling is growing that the time has come to put a finishing touch to Japanese suzerainty over Korea. It is premature to surmise, however, what form this shall take, but the rioting and mutinous behavior of the Korean soldiery in Seoul is attributed solely to Korea's internal affairs and the necessitating of an Imperial appeal to Ito for repression is regarded as a frank confession of the administrative impotency of the Korean government.

For the sake of peace and the development of the peninsula, it is expected that the new arrangement will greatly extend the scope of the November convention and enable the Japanese to exert full power over the internal administration of Korea. It is rumored that this has already been effected in such a form as not to require Ito's personal weight and that he will soon return to Tokio.

THE SUCCESSOR.
Seoul, July 20. The ceremonies attending the accession of the crown prince to the throne were carried out at ten o'clock this morning. The former emperor took his leave of the cabinet. Hasagara's troops still garrison the palace. Reinforcements of Japanese troops arrived in the city today.

ITO WILL MEET YOUNG EMPEROR
Tokio, Sunday, July 21. Telegrams received from Korean official circles practically confirm the press dispatches regarding the situation at Seoul. A message received here tonight at midnight states that Marquis Ito will have an audience with the new emperor this afternoon. All telegrams are delayed owing to the sudden congestion of the wires.

RIOTING GROWS WORSE.
Tokio, July 20. Late advices from Seoul say the rioting is growing in magnitude. Attempts to burn the railway station and the police buildings were frustrated by the prompt action of the Japanese police and gendarmes. The powder magazine of the Korean government is strongly guarded by Japanese troops at the request of the minister of war.

The rioters are shooting wildly out of windows and two Japanese are reported to have been killed. Murderous assaults are frequent and the city is verging almost on a reign of terror. Business is completely suspended.

KOREAN PLOT TO SLAUGHTER.
Seoul, July 20. At ten o'clock last night an alleged plot was reported to Marquis Ito. He was informed that the imperial guard had been clandestinely ordered by the former emperor to enter the palace at midnight and murder the whole cabinet, which was responsible for his abdication. This is the official explanation of the fact that Japanese are garrisoning the palace. The Korean ministers of war and justice visited Ito at 11 o'clock last night, describing the intrigue and praying for instant help. Ito immediately ordered General Hasagara to send troops. The soldiers arrived a half hour before the time of the intended dash by the Korean guard from their barracks opposite the palace gate.

THE SUM OF FRIDAY'S RIOTING.
Seoul, July 20. An official report this morning states that a total of ten Japanese were killed and thirty wounded in the rioting of yesterday. The number of Korean victims is unreported. All the streets were cleared. At noon, although desultory firing continued, a concerted effort was made at two o'clock this afternoon to murder the cabinet. After haranguing at the Temple of Heaven, a mob of 10,000 marched a mob to the mansions of many, which was sacked and burned. The same fate visited the home of the prime minister and others. The mob proceeded to the home of the minister of war, where they were met and fired upon by the Japanese guards, wounding and killing many. The mob was repulsed. Two machine guns were posted to the guard of the palace. The envoy of the American and British consuls were guarded by their countrymen to the palace.

MAGILL AND HIS WIFE
TO BE TAKEN EAST

The Sheriff of Clinton, Ill., Arrive at San Diego After the Arrest of the Murderer of His Friend

San Diego, Cal., July 20. Sheriff Harvey Campbell of Dewitt county, Ill., accompanied by his wife, arrived in this city by an afternoon train. They will leave tomorrow morning with Fred H. Magill and his wife for Clinton, Ill. Shortly after the arrival of the sheriff and Mrs. Campbell they visited the Magills in the county jail. The latter were pleased to know Illinois sheriff and wife, with whom the Magills are well acquainted, but the conversation did not continue, in view of the death of Mrs. Pat Magill and the charge against her husband and his wife. Magill, however, expressed a wish to return to Clinton. Magill was seen by reporters during the sheriff's visit, but he firmly declined to say a word about the case. The future movements of Miss Margaret Magill are somewhat doubtful.

Sheriff Campbell this evening said: "I believe that when the time comes for us to start east to Clinton, the daughter will appear. It is my firm conviction that she will be the most important witness in the case, although on which side I cannot say at this time. This undoubtedly will depend upon what statements she makes."

To a reporter Sheriff Campbell said:
"Cyrus Jones, the Dewitt county coroner who conducted the inquest at the time of the death of Mrs. Magill, stated to me before I left that Fred Magill handed to him the names of six men whom he wished selected for services on the jury at 8 o'clock in the morning. This action on the part of Magill led to suspicion."

The sheriff's wife made this statement: "The coroner told me that Magill after giving the names of the men whom he wished on the jury, had telephoned three out of the six."

ARIZONA POSTMASTERS.
Washington, July 20. Seventeen appointments: David H. Masters has been appointed postmaster at Benson, Arizona, vice M. A. Balke, resigned. Marshall K. Anderson has been appointed postmaster at Middlemarch, Arizona, vice T. Stowe, dead.

SALOME.
The Board of Supervisors after making a personal investigation, selected Salome as the location for the branch county building and make the following statement:
"Salome is the natural center of the county at this time and will remain so, as all roads, stage and rail lead to Salome."
If you want to visit or inspect the northern end of Yuma county, make your headquarters at
SALOME. THE COMING COPPER CAMP.

Indian Basils
THE MANUFACTURE OF ALL
TRIBES AT PRICES WHICH WILL
NEVER BE DUPLICATED AFTER
THE BEGINNING OF THE FALL
SEASON.
U.S. Indian Trader
Store on West Main Street.