THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 13, 1903,

M ii iii in i mi 'i ' i

The Arizona Republican

C. W. VICKERS General Manager
H. M. JACKSON Managing Editor
HAVEY J. LEE Business Manager
J. W. SPEAR Associate Editor
The Arizona Publishing Company
JL.
Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatcher.
The only Perfecting Press in Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes in Arizona. Publication office: 30-38 East Adams street. Telephone No. 471.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year...... $3.00
Weekly, one year $2.00
Cash in advance.
BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month $1.00
TERRITORIAL OFFICIALS
Governor,
N. O. Murphy
Secretary of Arizona....... I. T. Stoddard
Treasurer............... T. V. Pemberton
Territorial Auditor....... A. W. McKenna
Superintendent of Public Instruction.... R. L. Loti
Chief Justice.... Webster Street
Associate Justices.... H. E. Sloan,
Fletcher N. Dunn, Fletcher M. Doan.
Attorney General.... C. P. Almsworth
PHOENIX, ARIZONA. AUG. 13, 1903.
Don't leave the city for mountain
or beach without having The Republican accompany you. You will
be lonesome without it.
The reputation of the Democratic city
council as an economical body is now
resting upon a technicality.
A DESPERATE call by which it hopes
TO AVOID avoiding payment of the
MEDICINE publication of the annual general tax
ordinance. The ordinance was printed by
the official city paper of last year, the
Daily Enterprise, under a continuation
of a contract between the party of the
first part and the party of the second
part at the option of the present city
council. Two of the members of the
present council, consenting to the exercise of this option, were members of
the council which made the original
contract with the Enterprise. The rate
named in the contract was believed
by many taxpayers to be excessive,
more especially since the council had
lower bids to choose from. It is now
immaterial to the taxpayers whether
that rate was too high or not, and the
matter is certainly of no interest, financial or otherwise, to The Republican.
This Democratic city council for a year,
or until July 5 last, paid the rate without a murmur. July, by the way, was
the date on which the contract would
expire unless the council should choose
to exercise its option, in which case the
rate would continue until the subsequent ending of the contract by the
direction of the council.
The such thing or present council is
solidly Democratic. Half of it is com
posed of two members who made the
contract with the Enterprise, and one
of them, Mr. McNeil, is a gentleman
with an expert knowledge of the art,
science and cost of printing.
The annual tax ordinance was prepared in due and at the usual time,
and turned over to the publisher under
the council's option. We understand
that some desultory inquiry was made
by the two younger councilmen con
cerning the cost of publication. It was
of inordinate and extraordinary length,
a circumstance with which the printer
could have nothing to do. We further
understand that there was an ex cathedra
and oracular estimate that the cost
would be in the neighborhood of $300.
The loser, who presently finds his
way home in the policeman's protecting
arms, is hugged to his mother's heart
with a new joy. But the mother's heart
is empty, her arms when her children
are lost or life, How many a woman
goes through such an experience, ap
pealing in vain for help,
to local doctors, who con
fess that they are "puz-
zled" to understand the
cause of the trouble.
In similar cases
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription has
been used with
such success that
its record com
mends it to every
woman whose chil
dren fail of vitality. "Favorite Prescription" gives the mother
strength to give her
child. It strengthens
the female organism,
giving great elasticity
to the organs of maternity, and making the
labor's advent practically
painless. It is the true
woman's medicine, es
tablishing regularity, drying weakening
drains, and healing inflammation.
"I can cheerfully recommend Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription as the best medicine for
women," says Mrs. Mary Munlock, of a
farm in Topeka, Kansas. "I am the mother
of ten children and only lost the tenth
one. She is one year old and is a well and
hearty as can be. She is a beauty. Of my other
children, some were born at full time, but most,
others were premature but this one had to be
one year old, but she was always feeble. I tried
different doctors. None of them could tell
what my trouble was. They said I was well and
strong. I was examined by surgeons, but they
found nothing wrong, and they were puzzled to
know what my trouble was. I did not know
what to do, so I thought this last time I would
try Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. I took it
the entire nine months and now I have a fine
baby girl, and I cannot praise your medicine
enough for the good it did me."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.

UNION FEED LAYERS

FLATULENCY
belching and sourness of the stomach
cause much suffering. Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters will prevent such
troubles. It cleanses the blood of all
impurities, keeps the stomach in good
order and wards off attacks of dys
pepsia, indigestion and biliousness.
Everybody needs it to prevent nervousness and insomnia and to keep the
bowels regular. Be sure to try it.
Improves the Hostetter's
Appetite and Stomach

The Inquiry, however, appears to have
been quite casual and was not prompted by any hope or purpose of preserving, or rather, creating a surplus in
the city treasury. It seems to have
been merely an expression of curiosity
concerning the ins and outs of the
printing business by a couple of gentlemen whose knowledge of the art
preservative had been confined to perusals
of the daily and weekly papers
and the payment of subscriptions to
them. If they had been told that it
would cost $3,000 to print the tax ordinance they no doubt would have re
garded that as a matter of fact and
reasonable figure. But the price of
probably $300 having been suggested
they very naturally fixed upon that
estimate as some near the amount the
city would have to pay. When, however, a bill of more than $1,300 was
presented these gentlemen were
shocked. The figures were so far re
moved from their cursorily gathered
idea of rates per inch. The measurement was found to be correct and by
application of the old and reliable
multiplication table the aggregate was
found to be unassailable. It was a no
more unreasonable price than a Democratic council had been paying out of
the taxpayers' money for a year. The
council felt, however, that though it
could strain at gnats and get them
down on 361 days of the year, it could
not swallow a bunch of gnats as big as
a camel on the 363th day. The council
began to manifest a disposition to
avoid its medicine.
There was at first a theory that the
bill might be repudiated on the ground
that the contract had expired before it
was incurred, but a second reading
showed that to be an untenable theory.
The discovery was then made that by
an unexplained error a line containing
the words "or smokestacks or other
structures," had been omitted. There
was therefore presented a possibility
that there had been no legal publication, and that consequently there
should be no pay. This contention may
or may not be sustained in court. We
cannot undertake to say whether it is
good or not, but in any event the integrity of the council cannot be es
tablished for members of that body have
said that that omission would not
have been sought as a means of evading an obligation under a contract if
the Enterprise bill had been more mod
erate. In the same breath the council
men, therefore, say they would disregard a contract, or would pay as
much as $300 for an illegal publication
for which, under their oaths, they
could pay nothing. In other words the
council could be induced to accept, as
legal a publication which it contends is
illegal, and enroll it among the ordinances fruitful source of expensive
litigation.
A new and widespread plague is
threatened, and, if it occurs it is
likely to have a little
THE USES more public sympathy
OF THE than some of the strikes
THIS which have recently
broken out. It is the,
proposed strike of 7,000 Pullman car
porters for higher wages to compensate them for the greatly reduced tips
that they are getting. It seems that
the best Pullman porter does not receive more than $30 a month pay, and
this allowance, out of which he must
keep himself and his family, is so
meager because it is the assumption of
the car company that the traveling
public will kindly relieve it of the
larger part of the burden of paying
this class of its employees. As the only
service that the ordinary traveler gets
out of the porter is a very poor polish
for his shoes, worth less than five cents
in the market, and possibly a perfunctory brush of his clothes at departure,
the traveler fails to see the fairness
of expecting him to support the porter's
family. The man, left practically
with a bootblack's tip, properly calls
on the company to do its duty. Yet
the Pullman car porter is a man and a
brother.
The use of the tip is not to relieve
employers of the necessity of paying
their help. Its purpose is to reward the
clever and willing work of a servant
who has already done his duty with
deftness and zeal, and in a general way
to conduce to the geniality and sweet
ness of life. If a waiter in a restaurant has served a guest perfectly, with
out knowing whether or not he is to
receive a tip, and if he is given a silver
coin which has a more or less proportionate relation to the size of the
diner's check, the giver gets the money's worth as well as the waiter.
For he has purchased the value of the
coin not only in good sonic, but in
gratification to his amour propre. In
flattery to his own sense of justice and
good cheer.
Considered in this light, the tip has
its good uses. If it is yielded up as a
pure extortion, or an unwilling concession to custom's abuse and pusillanimity,

ILLOS - A.3STOHEJM5S,

BwatT,??fw TMCtt " Tfft
TELEPHONE RED 3851 :
HOTEL CLARENDON.
123 Rooms; 40 beautiful suites
with private baths; electric lights
Hot and cold water throughout.
A first-class European Hotel.
RATES. $2.00 A DAY AND UP.
408 S. Hill Street, Corner Fourth,
Los Angeles, Cal.
THE COWHAYE F.
THE LUXURIOUS
PLACE

One block from shopping center. Under new management; thoroughly re
modelled and thoroughly modern at moderate prices. Rooms well
furnished. Excellent popular prices connected.

HOTEL NADEAU
Hotel Johnson,
J. MILTON

THE CALIFORNIA HOSPITAL
416 South Hope Street, Los Angeles, Cal.
An elegant Hotel for the Sick. Heated by Steam. Lighted by both Elec
tric and Gas. Physicians and a Corps of Trained
Nurses in constant attendance.
A Roof Garden: forty feet wide by sixty
feet long.
Reached by all street
car lines, directly or by transfer.
IDYLLWILD

Strawberry Valley. San Jacinto Mountains. Riverside County, California
Altitude 5,200 feet. The wilderness of mountain forests with the comforts of
a metropolitan hotel. Heated by steam. Lighted by electricity. Resident
Physician and a Corps of Trained Nurses. Purchase ticket to San Jacinto
California. Address California Health Resort Company, 1414 S. Hope St., Los
Angeles, Cal.

Under conditions prevailing last year. Dozens of swift power launches
for fishing and excursions. Tuna Club tournament now on. Our Marine
Band, including Charles Steeper of St. Louis, cornetist, and other soloists of
national reputation. The best golf links. The aquarium, containing hun
dreds of living wonders of the deep. Boating and bathing over Nature's most
wonderful marine gardens as seen at great depth through smooth, trans
parent waters. Catalina offers attractions not possible at other resorts.
Daily steamer service. Hotel Metropole always open. Take Southern Pa
cific or Salt Lake Route trains leaving Los Angeles daily at 9:20 and 9:00
a. m. respectively. Fare, round trip from Los Angeles, excursion, $2.50; reg
ular, $2.75. Banning Co., 222 S. Spring St., Los Angeles. Phone Main 30.

DON'T FORGET

Chops, etc., call on J. B. Voss, the best
known Cafe on the Pacific Coast. 111 W. Third St.

RELIABLE AND EXPERIENCED DRUGGISTS

O. LAUTIK: CO.

Prescriptions, Business a Specialty.

ADOLF FRESE,

ACME FEATHER WORKS For men &.

ATTENTION, Sportsmen!

HUNTING WEST RUBBER COLLAR HAND CUFFS Don't

" - " look big nor feel like

APPROACHING PAINTING was Spring's Art Studio and knitting.

nuuvuuiuii ii-miiiiiv piiuuc wain

"THE CRITIC, Mo. Roosevelt's Works, AysSSTiw.. $5.00
s. wiiiiiw Trjoi:eKn)arprlteaMbp'i:rltl."rsi:; KionToU's works $5.00.

Von 8nvc$-l,BO.

Stoll & Thayer

aan. i i i ..ii .mill

sisr idie:c3-o.

HOTEL BREWSTER Corner Fourth and C Sts San Diego.
Rooms as nice as the most elegantly furnished and central hotel in Southern California.

nl. Klerator, public
r Mima for commercial
per Day up..
tn'mlnrn t nnTOtllpnr.CR.
Fisher Opera House
Room is connected with hotel
Ml
jpcclal Hates by
The Albatross Inn. :
THE RICHELIEU
KWtT Kniirr Kuropean
Mllll 1 llnl rlilllVlw rates bv
rates by
llvlVlUll llUUaJl I.om Hotel.
Now Management.
THE GRISWOLD
Cor. 6th and It; a beautiful
three sides, suit's, sliding
See the place before you locate. Italei.Wc to
put on train at Oceanside. O. E. POOB and

TUC DIIDM AD Cor. Third and Main Sts. Centrally located. Strictly Modern
I nC OUri IN Ml and First Class. RATES Be A80NABLE
Pfll nillQI. I MM Cor. 5th and Fir Sts. Large, pleasant rooms. Special summer rates
UUUUrilnU 1J1J1 (loml lotarlon; tine vlow; convenient-otto block from Florenco.

AQUA CALIENTE.

HOTEL IVlODE,STl Uf5

THE BROWNSBERGER HOME SCHOOL
OF SHORTHAND AND TYPEWRITING. 1,000 Students, California.
A Business Training School for both young men and young women; 120
graduates this last year, and all in positions. We prepare stenographers for
any line of work, from an ordinary office position to those requiring the most
expert instruction. Persons may apply to the Brownsbcrger school
and receive any kind of expert instruction desired. We have more
positions for young men than we can fill. Would like a large class of
young men by September, to meet the increasing demand. Bookkeeping for
those who desire it. Send for handsome Illustrated catalogue. 953 W.
Seventh St., Los Angeles, Cal.

This Trunk, in 34 inch size, canvas covered, hard wood slats, deep hat box, strong hinges and lock ... -r

f Send for Illustrated catalogue and price list. '
D. D. WHITNEY & SONS
607 South Spring Street, : : LOS ANGELES, CAL.

. .1 .' . , .

Angeles, California.
location Modern rooms
Pleasant rooms, single or en suite. Rates
Mrs. A. 12. BARTKAM, Prop,
Streets.' Centrally located. European plan: pri-
u,u uuai, rropneior.
WITH TORE MOUNTAIN WATER AT
AVALON
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND
While on your visit to
Los Angeles for the best
Fish. Oysters Steaks.
231 Po. Broadway, opposite City Hall.
....Manufacturers of Luxury Calicoes

OPTICIAN AND PRACTICAL OPTICIAN.
Eyes tested on premises and prescriptions filled to
day ordered. Tel. 1013. H. Smith, Optician, 613 So
Main Street, Los Angeles, Cal.

Specialty work our specialty. K. M. KIRKSY
Jr, the Eye Cure Store, of Polo Van Nys and
Westminster Hotels Los Angeles, Cal.

Scud forenta-

WINDSOR COLLAR CO., 132 N. Broadway. Los Angeles, Cal

Tele
aur, ixs aukcks, t hi.
Mall onicrs.
-U
Co. S:
t No 251 8. Spring K St. Los J
AND
Angeles

UCKIDV A! DC DO Pacific Coast Ag'l
nCiltlT HLULIIO Send for Catalog
FULL LIN POULTRY SUPPLIES
t S. Main St., Los Angeles

and private bath rooms, fine large simple
trawlers. Hot and cold water in all suites. All
directly opposite. A first class Cafe and Grill
the week. C. B. DAGGETT, Prop.
Best location in San Diego. Rooms
suites and cottages. The table our
specialty. Write for circular and
terms.

First class furnished Rooms. Rates Reasonable
Transient Patronage Solicited. Centrally Located
Rooms Cool and Pleasant, J. H. Simpson, Mgr
1055 FIFTH ST., BETWEEN C AND D

plan. Rooms $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50; special
week or month for summer. Free bus to and
Large well lighted reading room and parlor.
iv ivtii tiguicu renuiug room and parlor.
O C Dnul... r-."
U. I . Pal IU W , rrop.
place, fine 2 story brick; bay windows on
doors, running water, and thoroughly modern
1.00 reduction by the week. See adv. In paper
WIFHB, Props.
$i$K
eoiinlr. Krnrvtlilnu
Rates Reasonable.

THE VALLEY BANK
OF PHOENIX, ARIZONA

PAID UP CAPITAL.... $100,000
SURPLUS AND PROFITS 25,000
WM. CHRISTY, President,
J. C. KIRKPATRICK, Vice-Pres.
W. D. FULWILER, Cashier.
LLOYD B. CHRISTY, Asst. Cashier,
Drafts Issued on all of the Important
cities of the United States and Europe.
Discount Commercial Paper and do a
General Banking Business.
Office Hours: 9 a. m. to 1 p. m.
DIRECTORS:
M. H. Sherman, Wm. Christy, B. J. Ben-
nett, J. C. Kirkpatrick, F. V. C. Hatch.
W. D. Fulwiler, Lloyd B. Christy.
CORRESPONDENTS:
American Exchange National Bank,
New York; American Exchange National
Bank, Chicago; First National Bank,
Los Angeles; Bank of Arizona, Prescott,
Arizona; The Anglo-California Bank,
San Francisco, Cal.
ESTABLISHED 1891
THE PRESCOTT ;
NATIONAL BANK
PRESCOTT, ARIZONA.
CAPITAL PAID IN $100,000
SURPLUS AND PROFITS $50,000
FRANK M. MURPHY, President.
MORRIS GOLDWATER, Vice-Pres.
HENRY KINSLEY, Cashier.
C. O. ELLIS, Assistant Cashier.
DIRECTORS:
FRANK M. MURPHY, MORRIS
GOLDWATER.
HENRY KINSLEY.
R. N. FREDERICKS.
JOHN C. HERNDON.
E. B. Gage.
D. M. FERRY.
Accounts of Individuals, firms and corporations solicited on favorable terms.
36 Nassau St. New York
40 State St., Boston, Mass,
FISK & ROBINSON,
Bankers
AND
Dealers in Investment
Securities.
Deposit Accounts of Banks, Bankers,
Firms and Individuals received, subject
to sight draft. Interest allowed on balances. Correspondence Invited from Corporations, Trustees and other conservative investors. Orders on the New York
Stock Exchange executed on commission
for cash.
HABVKY EDWARD FISK.
GBORQK H. ROBINSON,
Members New York Stock Exchange.
The
National Bank of Arizona,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
CAPITAL PAID UP $100,000
SURPLUS $26,000
EMIL GANZ, President.
SOL LEWIS, Vice-President.
S. OBERFELDER, Cashier.
JOHN J. SWEENEY, Asst. Cashier.
DIRECTORS:
Emil Ganz, Sol Lewis, J. Y. T. Smith,
Charles Goldman, S. Oberfeldcr, Edward
Elble, Joseph Thalheimer.
CORRESPONDENTS:
The Bank of California, San Francisco:
Ladd & Co., New York; National
Bank of Commerce, St. Louis; National
Bank of Commerce, Kansas City; First
National Bank, Chicago; Colorado Na
tional Bank, Denver; Farmers' and Mer
chants' National Bank, Los Angeles;
Consolidated National Bank, Tucson;
Bank of Arizona, Prescott; Messrs. N.
M. Rothschild & Son, London.
MINES & PROSPECTS
In the Jerome, Prescott, Crown
King or Wickenburg Districts.
Why spend your time and money in
search of mining properties when I can
supply your wants at a moment's no
tice. My properties always turn out
better than represented. Call on or address me at Prescott.
Office, corner room, over bank of Arizona. D. D. McDonald.
The Really Perfect
LAUNDRY WORK that you get from
us at popular prices is the road by
which we have "slid" so easily into
public favor. The best we can do is
the best there is and better work at any
cost is quite outside the range of reason. Yours for good work and prompt
delivery.
ARIZONA LAUNDRY. Cor. Adams & 3d Sts.
I'hotieMl . v . u.
THE PALACE
HIKESHOLD & PERKINS,
Proprietors.
Imported and Domestic
Wines, Liquors and
Cigars.
HOBKIN
AK1XQNA