THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: FRIDAY MORNING, JULY 20, 1900.

Canal

J. C.
THE NEWS
OF JEROME
Jerome, July 18. (Special Correspondence of The Republican). Yesterday
was pay day, but it was a very quiet
one, some of the men were not aware
that the company intended to pay, consequently many of them did not get
around to get their checks. The bank
received a number of deposits from the
workingmen, as it usually does on pay
day.
T. L. Shultz is in town today shipping
the old Hustler press, which he purchased from the American Type Found
ers to Prescott to add to the handful
of type he saved from the fury of the
flames and destruction by dynamite,
and will have the Prospect pouring
forth words of wisdom to its subscribers in a few days. The press is all
right, and will give Mr. Shultz good
service. It is the most truthful press
I ever used. In the fifteen months I
printed the Hustler on it it never told
a solitary falsehood.
A crippled man on a hand-power tricycle came into town yesterday and is
wheeling himself around the streets.
He thinks our perpendicular streets
about the worst he ever tackled. The
free-hearted boys are giving him a few
of their dimes to help him along on his
unequal struggle for existence.
Mrs. R. Smith opened a restaurant in
her stone building on First street yes
terday and had a good crowd at her
tables. She should do very well in the
business.
Active operations will begin on the
property of the Jerome Copper Company in a month or six weeks. G. W.
Hull, who purchased the quarter interest in the company from Ralph Dillon,
for which it is reported he paid $10,000,
is in the east at present arranging
to operate several of his Jerome interests, among which is the one referred
to. The tunnel which was driven into
the mountain over 1,000 feet last summer by Mr. Dillon will be continued
until ore is struck, or it is demonstrated
beyond any doubt that there is no
ore there. Dillon encountered several
stringers of rich copper ore while running the tunnel, and several times
seemed on the point of striking a body
of pay ore. Mr. Hull, with his influence and wealth, will organize a company with money enough to tear the
old mountain out or find the immense
body of ore that all mining men who
have examined the property claim lies
buried there. The tunnel is only a mile
from the center of town, and a force
of men employed there will be of great
benefit to Jerome.
The formation of the rock has
changed in the Verde Queen shaft, and
everything points toward the possibility
of finding a large copper deposit in a
short time. The shaft is now down 250
feet. Colonel Bosworth informed me
this morning that he would now begin
drifting north in two places, at the 120
and 140-foot level. He thinks the ore is
almost in sight, and that by drifting
north he will soon encounter it. The
indications are favorable for the company at present. Dr. King, the well
known mining engineer and smelterman, formerly superintendent of the
Erie Consolidated Copper Company, has
taken charge as superintendent of the
Verde Queen, commencing yesterday.
He is highly pleased with the outlook,
and will go ahead with the development work as rapidly as possible.
Everyone in Jerome wishes the Verde
Queen people unlimited success, for
their success means more support for
the town.
Will Dewees and Ross Diens are both
sick at their room in the Stoney house.
Will has a fever and Ross owes his
troubles to eating too lavishly of fresh
peaches. They spend their time consoling each other.
Mrs. Stoney and daughter, Miss Leontia, leave for Los Angeles this after
noon, to remain a year.
Our patriotic Mexican citizens are
preparing already for their grand annual celebration of their independence
day, the 16th of September. They held
a meeting Saturday evening, and one
previous to that time to arrange for
the financial part of the programme.
Their celebration last year was a great
affair indeed. When the Mexicans celebrate they do it right. They will have
a grand ball in the evening, which will
be free to all, and no admission
charged. Last year they furnished all
kinds of refreshments to the whole crowd
absolutely free.
Thomas Martin, the prospector and
miner, is in town circulating among his
friends. He arrived Monday.
E. E. McFarland, of the firm of McFarland & Hooker, will leave Friday on
a month's visit with his mother, sister
and brother in Huntington, Ind. Elmer
has not been home for ten years, and
his visit will be a surprise to his family.
The familiar face of Tom Burns will
not be seen soon again in Jerome after
today, for he was too careless in the
way he handled property belonging to
other people. He is a regular offender,
and is just now from a pleasant stay
in the cooler. This time his offenses
are multifarious and could not well be
overlooked. Among other things he
allowed to stick to his fingers in the
last few days was a plane, two pairs
of shoes, an assortment of shoe strings,
an awl, and two bottles of whisky.
He was hauled unceremoniously before
Judge McKinnon on Monday and confronted with enough evidence of crime
to convict a number of men. As the
plane was in evidence, and it was such
a “plain” case the flint-hearted judge,
after wiping a sympathetic tear from
his eye, kindly dosed out fifty days to
the festive Tommy. It is said the judge
thought best to keep the two bottles of
snake poison in case any trouble arose
over the affair in the future. Tom Miller will take the prisoner over to the
county bastile this afternoon.
The man who will stop to reason before drawing his final conclusions and
will take the time to do so, can see a
great deal to encourage the belief that
the future for Jerome was never
brighter than at the present time. He
can see the great good that will be derived from the eight-hour day in the
mine, recently granted by Senator
Clark. He will take into consideration
the fact that there are at least a dozen
different companies working more or
less men within a few miles of Jerome,
and immediately in this vicinity, most
of them with bright prospects of finding the ore body for which they are in
search. He will realize at once the impetus it will give each branch of business in the town for just one of these
companies to strike ore in paying quantities. It is a certainty that one or
more of the companies have already
struck ore of high grade.
D. D. MCDONALD.

DO YOU KNOW
Consumption is preventable? Science
has proven that, and also that neglect
is suicidal. The worst cold or cough
can be cured with Shiloh’s Cough and
Consumption Cure. Sold on positive
guarantee for over fifty years. Elvey
& Hulett, druggists.

o

NIGHT SHIFT AT WASHINGTON.
A warm June evening in Washington
is not just the time for work but it is
a busy time at the White House. Up
stairs nearly all the clerks and stenographers have gone, and the doorkeeper who has charge of the door of the
president’s office at night, sits reading
a magazine. In the half-lighted room
the scene of unusual activity during
the day there is now an air of dignity
and restfulness. Four clocks strike the
hour in succession—first a tiny treble,
then a roaring bass; later a faltering
alto, and finally a screeching tenor. It
seems as if they have been timed to
render an hourly chime, and each has a
solo, to preclude church choir jealousy.
The stillness and quietude grows deeper
and more pronounced each hour; the
croaking frogs and chirping crickets in
the Mall retard the tempo in the nocturnal chorus. In the cabinet room
President McKinley and Secretary
Cortelyou concentrate their attention
for hours upon the great mass of accumulated papers. A ring for a glass of
water is the only call that has summoned the messenger during four
hours of night work. Every detail is
carefully systematized so that the least
possible delay is avoided in the dispatch of public business. In these
quiet, still hours of night, the important work of the chief executive is
done, and it is very long past midnight
when he passes out through the double
doors to the residential portion of the
White House to obtain rest preparatory
to the influx of visitors that begins as
early as 9:30, or even 9 o’clock. Then,
after a few more letters to be given to
a stenographer in the last watch, Secretary Cortelyou closes up the business
of the day and the lights at the White
House go out. The strenuous life of an
American penetrates even the highest
official places, and this is in sharp contrast to the leisurely life of royalty and
aristocracy in Europe. National Magazine.

SHE HAD NO CHANCE.
Miss Gigal (reading)—A girl in
Pennsylvania has saved an express
train from destruction by taking off
her red petticoat and waving it as a
signal.
Miss Tenspot—O, dear, I could never
do anything heroic like that.
“Why not?”
“Because I don’t wear red petticoats.”
Detroit Free Press.

TO BE SURE.
“But, madam,” protested the dramatic agent, “since you are without
stage experience, I do not see how you
can expect to make a hit.”
“Reasoning from analogy,” replied
the lady, exhibiting three divorce decrees and forty photographs of herself
from yellow papers, “since I have acquired a Past, it should be a simple
thing to secure a Future.” Baltimore
American.

INFORMATION WHILE YOU WAIT.
Mr. I. N. Ventor of Waverly writes:
“I have invented a folding bed. Please
tell me how to get in it the paper.”
Fold bed. Unfold paper. Then wrap.
Baltimore American.

POPULAR WANTS

Advertisement under this head one-half cent a word each insertion.
No advertisement taken for less than twenty-five cents.

THIRTY-FIVE head of dairy cattle
for sale; all young stock; two miles
north of Five Points, at Osborne
ranch. W. L. Lockwood.
AUCTION Saturday, 3 p. m., corner
First avenue and Washington street:
span of mules. Bring your stock.
HAMMOND, Auctioneer.
WANTED Second-hand furniture and
household goods of all kinds; will pay
good prices for good goods; will go
and see goods anywhere in valley.
Call at 230 West Jefferson or address
1327 P. O. Box. E. W. Spears.
BEES for sale: 300 colonies, $4.50 each.
Address P. O. Box 1051.
FOR SALE Fifty-egg Petaluma incubator, nearly new, $8. For Rent
Small house, 5 acres good land for
chickens, 3½ miles east city, under
Salt canal, cheap. Box 932.
WANTED At once, a good needle
woman or tailoress. Apply to Gillett,
the Tailor, 261 West Washington St.
A WELL Appointed, furnished house
for housekeeping; part or whole. J.
R. Humphrey, 636 South First Ave.
WANTED Good reputable business
man who understands horses and
who has $1,000 to invest. Will
give permanent position at good salary to right man to manage property.
Address B., Republican office.
FOR RENT August first for 60 or 90
days only, seven-room house, nicely
furnished, including piano. Has bath
and modern conveniences. Adams
street. Address B., Republican office.
FOR SALE Delmonico restaurant.
Quon Lo, proprietor, No. 130 East
Washington Street.
FOR RENT In Jerome, fine basement
on corner of First and Main streets.
Dimensions 38x100 feet. Fine location
for saloon. Also store building, good
location, on Main street. Apply to D.
D. McDonald.
WANTED Four boarders in private
family; home comforts; bath and all
conveniences. 493 North Third avenue.
FOR SALE Ten pure blood Pekin
ducks, score cards. T. W. Chamberlain Lumber Yard.
STRAYED OR STOLEN Small black
mare, white on forehead; mane clipped; little lame in front feet. E. A.
Ross, 31 South First avenue.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper; no
objection to going in country. 145
South First Street.
WANTED Girl to do light housework
in Prescott. Apply to H. R. Tritle,
Office of the Secretary of the Territory.
WANTED Will share eight-room modern home with small family for summer, very cheap. Piano and all conveniences, including sleeping porch.
Call 461 North Fifth Avenue.
FOR SALE The Valley Meat Market,
next to the postoffice; first class, with
all up-to-date appurtenances; cold
air storage, and everything necessary
to make it one of the best markets in
the west; can be bought for 75 per
cent of its actual cost.
S. J. TRIBOLET.
SUMMER RATES at the Wharton
House, 38 North Center Street.
Rooms $7 per month and up, including cot outdoors.
FOR SALE 80 acres under Maricopa
canal.
TO EXCHANGE 8-room house for
ranch.
TO EXCHANGE Equity in cottage for
good team of horses; a chance.
MONEY TO LOAN Houses built to
suit purchaser on monthly payments.
HUGH M. CREIGHTON & CO.,
108 North Center Street.
FINE silver plated cornet made by
“Higham,” London, for sale or exchange for bicycle. No. 42 North
Center Street.
FOR RENT Store room with fine
basement, center of the city. Address
Store, this office.
FOR RENT Fine, airy basement, between First and Second avenue. No
better in the city. Address Basement,
this office.
PHOENIX FOUNDRY
All kinds of work in the Mechanical Line
Boiler Repairing, Pipe Fitting.
MACHINERY, SUPPLIES, CASTINGS, ETC.
N. P. McCALLUM, Prop.
25 to 33 North Second Street.
MACHINE SHOP.
BOX 68.
TELEPHONE 63.

Ring up Telephone 63.
Or call at 23 North Center Street when wanting something nice
to drink. We are headquarters for the best in our line and sole
agents for Pabst, Lemp’s and the San Francisco Breweries, Ltd., three
of the best breweries on earth.
MELCZER BROS.

MASSILLON IRON WORKS
ROSS HUGHES, Prop.
FOUNDRY AND MACHINE WORKS
All kinds of work in the Mechanical Line.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.