UBLIGATION
FOR SALE $1800 buys a nice five-room modern brick dwelling. $100 down, balance easy monthly payments that anyone can meet. E. E. Pascoe, 110 North Center St.
SIXTEENTH YEAR.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, MONDAY MORNING, JANUARY 29, 1906.
VOL. XVI. NO. 25

MONEY TO LOAN
On Ranch or City Property.
E. E. PASCOE,
110 North Center St., Phoenix, Ariz.

THE WEEK'S BUSINESS
IN BOTH BRANCHES

The Statehood Bill May Come Before the Senate in an Irregular Way
The Prospects Are, However, for a Long Drawn Out Contest. The House Will Devote Itself Mainly to the Hepburn Rate Bill.

Washington, Jan. 28. The Senate will begin the week with the consideration of the Chinese boycott. The question will come up in connection with a resolution offered last week by Senator Tillman directing the committee on immigration to investigate reports concerning Chinese opposition to American manufactures. When the resolution was presented, Mr. Tillman asked for immediate consideration, but Mr. Aldrich objected. It is understood that he and other Republican senators dislike the preamble to the resolution, which assumes as a fact the reported leadership of former minister Wu Ting Fang in the boycott movement. Mr. Tillman is disposed to insist upon the retention of this phraseology. If he does not change his mind the resolution will lead to a considerable airing of the Chinese question.
Senator Gallinger will make an effort on Monday to secure further consideration of the shipping bill and it is his purpose to press that measure upon the attention of the Senate as insistently as circumstances will permit. In his policy, he will be supported, at least for the present, by many Republican senators.
It is suspected by some friends of the shipping bill that there is a disposition to keep the measure in its place for the purpose of holding off the statehood bill, but they say that while they are not prepared to let go of the shipping bill for the present, they can displace it whenever so disposed with the statehood bill. The antagonists of statehood do not admit this, and it looks as if the fight over the admission of new states might be initiated in this way. It is not probable, however, that the state of the contest will be reached for some time.
Gallinger will offer further amendments to the bill, either then or later in the week, he and Senators Lodge and Penrose will make speeches in support of the bill. There may be an effort to get the opponents of the bill either to agree to a compromise or to give their reasons for their opposition. There will be no attempt to prolong the session, but the bill will be held in its place as steadily as possible in the hope of getting action before it becomes necessary to crowd the measure out in the interest of other bills.
The statehood bill will be reported by Mr. Beveridge from the committee on territories on Monday. The committee has given no instructions to him as to bringing the bill up in the Senate, but he will press it as rapidly as he can, without prejudice to other party measures. The friends of the bill expect very determined opposition and a long contest is among the strong possibilities. The principal point of the controversy is the union of New Mexico and Arizona, and an especial effort will be made to secure the adoption of Mr. Kaker's amendment giving the people of Arizona the opportunity to vote separately on the proposition.
Senator Hepburn has given notice of a request on Monday for unanimous consent to fix the time for voting on the pure food bill but he will not succeed. Mr. Hepburn has also given notice of a speech tomorrow on the question of forest reservations.
The indications are that there will be very little if any more discussion of the Moroccan question, but there will be additional speeches on the status of affairs in Santo Domingo. The Isle of Pines treaty will be reported early in the week. Mr. Foraker will have charge of it and will try to secure an early vote on it. There will be an effort to amend the treaty so as to protect the rights of Americans on the island.

THE HOUSE PROGRAM.
The Interest of the Week Will Center in the Hepburn Rate Bill.
Washington, Jan. 28. In the House the Hepburn railroad rate bill, indorsed alike by Republicans and Democrats of the interstate and foreign commerce committee, is to be the legislative feature of the week. The bill is to be brought in with absolutely no restrictions as to debate or amendment. Its consideration will begin on Tuesday, according to the present plan, and the indications are that a vote will hardly be reached by the end of the week.
"We are to give the House a new sensation," said one of the members who had a hand in making the program of legislation. "It is seldom that the House can indulge itself in unrestricted talk and unhampered opportunity for amendment on any given subject of legislation. On the railroad rate bill, with a unanimous report from the committee, this is for once to be changed. The bars are to be left entirely down. Of course, if it should transpire that this privilege is to be abused in any way or should an attempt be made to run away with the opportunity, a rule can at any time be brought in and adopted which will put an end to the fun. This, however, would result only when it became apparent that dangerous amendments were threatened. There will be no restriction as to speech-making."
Monday under the rule is District day and there are six bills on the calendar relating to the District of Columbia, which will be considered. Should they remain, it is not unlikely that the pension appropriation bill will be put through. This bill is ready for action; it is a short measure and there is a disposition to get it through to the Senate speedily.

BUGGY TIRES
PNEUMATIC, SOLID, and CUSHION tires. The rubber we use is of the best quality and fully guaranteed. Let us show you what we have.
The Phoenix Cycle Co.
Phone Red 524, 22 W. Adams

URIC ACID
In the blood causes Rheumatism, Sciatica, Lumbago, Neuralgia, and Gout. You can remove the cause by wearing one of our
REX
RHEUMATIC
RINGS
Manufactured by the Rex Rheumatic Ring Co., Hartford, Connecticut.
Price $2.00 sold by

SANICHAS' Cactus Candy
SANICHAS' Famous Souvenirs.
SANICHAS' Home Made Candies.
SANICHAS' Lunch and Dining Room.
SANICHAS' Cut Flowers Daily.
SANICHAS' Sweet and Good Things to Eat.
1-3 West Washington St. Phone Black 1283.

Electric Steam Hose
Hose of the best grades for the lawn.
E. Washington St.

FOR SEVENTEEN YEARS
The Lamson Business College
Has been giving instruction in business subjects. It has thoroughly organized departments in bookkeeping, actual business, shorthand (either Gregg or Graham), typewriting, and English. In session the entire year. One tuition admits to all. Positions guaranteed. Write for circulars. College located over Board of Trade.

MONEY
Any amount on diamonds, watches, small loans, 4 per cent.
Special rate on large loans. All town customers can make loans through
Phoenix Loan Office,

THE PHOENIX NATIONAL BANK
Paid-up Capital.
B. CHASE, President.

Steel-lined Vaults and Steel Safety Deposit Boxes. General Banking Business.
Drafts on all Principal Cities of the World.
DIRECTORS: K. B. Oaro, V. M. Murphy, D. M. Ferry, W. F. Huntington, T. T. Aldrich, George N. Gage, R. N. Fredericks, L. H. Chalmers, H. J. McClung.

THE PRESCOTT NATIONAL BANK, Prescott, Arizona.
United States Depository.
Capital Paid up: $125,000
Surplus and Undivided Profits: $90,000
F. M. MURPHY, President, MORRIS GOLDWATER, Vice President.
R. N. FREDERICKS, Cashier. A. W. McCash, Asst. Cashier.
Accounts solicited. Advances made on Bullion and Concentrates. Escrows a specialty. Safe deposit Vaults and Foreign Exchange Department.

Gallinger will offer further amendments to the bill, either then or later in the week, he and Senators Lodge and Penrose will make speeches in support of the bill. There may be an effort to get the opponents of the bill either to agree to a compromise or to give their reasons for their opposition. There will be no attempt to prolong the session, but the bill will be held in its place as steadily as possible in the hope of getting action before it becomes necessary to crowd the measure out in the interest of other bills.
The statehood bill will be reported by Mr. Beveridge from the committee on territories on Monday. The committee has given no instructions to him as to bringing the bill up in the Senate, but he will press it as rapidly as he can, without prejudice to other party measures. The friends of the bill expect very determined opposition and a long contest is among the strong possibilities. The principal point of the controversy is the union of New Mexico and Arizona, and an especial effort will be made to secure the adoption of Mr. Kaker's amendment giving the people of Arizona the opportunity to vote separately on the proposition.
Senator Hepburn has given notice of a request on Monday for unanimous consent to fix the time for voting on the pure food bill but he will not succeed. Mr. Hepburn has also given notice of a speech tomorrow on the question of forest reservations.
The indications are that there will be very little if any more discussion of the Moroccan question, but there will be additional speeches on the status of affairs in Santo Domingo. The Isle of Pines treaty will be reported early in the week. Mr. Foraker will have charge of it and will try to secure an early vote on it. There will be an effort to amend the treaty so as to protect the rights of Americans on the island.

THE HOUSE PROGRAM.
The Interest of the Week Will Center in the Hepburn Rate Bill.
Washington, Jan. 28. In the House the Hepburn railroad rate bill, indorsed alike by Republicans and Democrats of the interstate and foreign commerce committee, is to be the legislative feature of the week. The bill is to be brought in with absolutely no restrictions as to debate or amendment. Its consideration will begin on Tuesday, according to the present plan, and the indications are that a vote will hardly be reached by the end of the week.
"We are to give the House a new sensation," said one of the members who had a hand in making the program of legislation. "It is seldom that the House can indulge itself in unrestricted talk and unhampered opportunity for amendment on any given subject of legislation. On the railroad rate bill, with a unanimous report from the committee, this is for once to be changed. The bars are to be left entirely down. Of course, if it should transpire that this privilege is to be abused in any way or should an attempt be made to run away with the opportunity, a rule can at any time be brought in and adopted which will put an end to the fun. This, however, would result only when it became apparent that dangerous amendments were threatened. There will be no restriction as to speech-making."
Monday under the rule is District day and there are six bills on the calendar relating to the District of Columbia, which will be considered. Should they remain, it is not unlikely that the pension appropriation bill will be put through. This bill is ready for action; it is a short measure and there is a disposition to get it through to the Senate speedily.

CAN FIELD IGNORANT.
Of the Bloody Tragedy Which Made Him a Widower.
Los Angeles, Jan. 28. C. A. Fanfield, oil magnate, is still unaware of the tragic death of his wife, who was murdered by their former coachman, Morris Buck, because she refused to give him $2,600.
Messages telling him of the news have been sent him almost hourly since the death of his wife, yet so far as has been learned, the husband is still unaware of the tragedy. Fanfield is somewhere in Mexico.

TRANS-CAUCASUS FIGHTING.
St. Petersburg, Jan. 28. It is reported from Kucais, in Trans-Caucasia, that serious encounters have taken place there between the revolutionists and troops, in which several of the latter were killed. The arrival of General Alikanoff with troops from Tiflis brought about a restoration of order, the revolutionists taking flight.

I missed my car and will be late to supper, but I will appease my wife by bringing her a box of Donofrio's Crystallized Cactus Candy.

Will buy one of the best residence lots in the city, centrally located, adjoining lot sold for $1150. This offer good for a short time only. For terms apply to
DWIGHT B. HEARD
Center and Adams Streets.

Millinery and Dressmaking Business for Sale
Small Stock
No Competition
Phone or address
W. J. KINGSBURY
Tempe, Arizona

Hadley's Fight Pinches Western Oil Fields
It is Feared That the Missouri Investigation Will Cut Them Off from the Market.
Bartlesville, I. T., Jan. 28. Orders have been issued by the Standard Oil Company that hereafter only a third of the mid-continent fields' output will be bought, owing to the fact that the Standard will be prevented from continuing as buyer and transporter of petroleum through proceedings instituted by Attorney General Hadley, of Missouri. There is a production of 50,000 barrels daily. The operators are organizing to send a delegation to see the Standard Company's agents in Kansas City, since the enforcement of such an order for a long time means the suspending of all activity here soon. Failing they will go to Mr. Hadley to see if he intends to prevent the Standard from transporting oil across Missouri.
The committee will tell him that if the Standard is ousted from Missouri, it will shut off the market for petroleum products in this field, because the pipeline from the mid-continent fields runs through a portion of Missouri. Already a reduction by two-thirds of the amount formerly taken by the Standard Company has demoralized business and there are fears that the Standard will cease entirely to take oil during the agitation.

PRISONERS RESCUED
FROM THE FLAMES
Which Destroyed $600,000 Worth of Naval Property.
Newport, R. I., Jan. 28. Seven buildings connected with the United States naval training station at Coaster's Harbor Island in this city were destroyed by fire tonight, causing an estimated loss of $600,000. One of the burned buildings contained all of the small boats and cutters used for practice purposes. All were destroyed.
Several apprentices in single irons were confined in the detention building at the time the fire broke out. Physical Instructor Jos. Kirby liberated them by heroic effort. When he reached the detention building he could not see the young prisoners on account of smoke but they answered his call. Supported by a line of men, Kirby made his way to the spot where the boys were in confinement and passed them back one by one to men behind him and so on out to the sea wall. In passing over the sea wall, two of the manacled boys fell overboard but were rescued.
For a time the famous old frigate Constellation, which is used as a practice ship at the station, was in danger of destruction but prompt work on the part of the firemen saved the ship.

THE Y. M. C. A.
GAINING HEADWAY
The Probable Early Arrival of the Southwestern Organizer.
There was another interesting and well-attended Y. M. C. A. meeting at Veterans' Hall in the Board of Trade building yesterday afternoon. The principal address was delivered by Rev. Dr. Coats of the First Baptist Church and it was most interesting and instructive. Professor George Blount also gave an interesting talk on the general work of the Y. M. C. A.
There was a unanimous vote of thanks to Professor Lamson for the free use of the hall for the meetings which have already been held and for his offer of the continued free use of it until the organization can secure a home of its own. This offer was gladly accepted.
Six-room frame dwelling.
With bath, in thorough repair, newly painted and papered on plastered walls, 2 lots, on car line, will be sold very cheap if taken at once.
For sale or exchange for ranch property: Very good six-room dwelling, modern, with a cook stove, good shade, and very desirable and reasonable. Sale or exchange price $2,100. This includes about $200 worth of furniture.
E. J. BENNITT
Real Estate, Loans, and Insurance, Surety Bonds.
16 and 13 North Center St.
The Highest Award at St. Louis World's Fair Was Given the
Racycle
The largest selling High Grade Wheel in the world, and at the Arizona Territorial Fair races it took $60 out of $61 cash prizes.
H. GRISWOLD
Arizona Agent, Phoenix
Phone, Red 412, 31 S. 1st Ave.

A letter was received from the headquarters of the organization at New York containing advice regarding organization in Phoenix. Mr. McDill of Chicago, organizer for the Southwest, is now in this section, having established organizations in El Paso, Douglas, and Bisbee, and it is quite probable that he will come to look personally after the work here.
In the meantime, the work of increasing the interest in the local movement will go on. All who are desirous of joining the organization after it has been made permanent are asked to make themselves known to Professor L. Gilkerson, the secretary and treasurer of the temporary organization. Fifty-one names have already been received and the indications are that the list will grow rapidly.
One thing always in mind is the securing of a Y. M. C. A. building. The subject of the selection of a site is under consideration. There will be regular meetings at Veterans' Hall every Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock and all are urged to attend and help the work along. It is desired that contributions be got ready and it is suggested that those who can spare large sums can find in the enterprise a fitting memorial. The magnitude of the work of the Y. M. C. A. throughout the world is shown in the fact that within the last year $10,000,000 has been expended. Of this sum $3,000,000 has been spent in new buildings.
Business men and railroad managements are year by year recognizing the usefulness of the organization and are giving it substantial encouragement. The building at Douglas, which will cost $36,000, was made possible by the railroad. The roads and business men have contributed liberally to the $50,000 building at El Paso and the $50,000 building at Bisbee. In view of the fact that there is hardly a town in the United States of 8,000 which has not a building or which is not engaged in preparation for one, it appears to be due to Phoenix to have one.

REDUCED RATES TO ALL.
The Santa Fe Makes Concessions to California Fruit Growers.
San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 28. As a result of three days' conference between J. S. Leeds, representing the refrigerator car service of the Santa Fe road, and Robert Graham, as Pacific coast representative of the Armour refrigerating service, a reduction of rates on deciduous fruits from California points to the eastern market has been agreed upon.
One of the most important features of this new compact is a clause providing that no rebates or other special concessions shall be granted to any fruit shipper in California and that the reduced rates shall be strictly maintained.

THE EUROPEAN WEEK
PROMISING TO BE QUIET
France Grants Venezuela a Respite Until After the Moroccan Conference.
London, Jan. 28. Except for possible developments in the Franco-Venezuelan crisis, and possibly through unexpected complications in the Moroccan conference, the week begins with little promise of new events of an unusual character.
The critical point in the Franco-Venezuelan situation which seemed imminent has passed for the moment, as France has announced that she will await "a propitious time" for making such action again Venezuela as she has decided upon. It is intimated that her desire is to await the conclusion of the Algeciras conference before involving herself with Venezuela.
The Moroccan conference promises no very definite action as the graver problems it has to confront are yet some ways off. Though the alignment of the delegates is more marked than a week ago, there is still a feeling of uncertainty as to the outcome. It is generally believed the longer the conference, the better will be the chances for a successful termination. Private discussions which the French and German delegates have had have created an optimistic feeling among the other conferees.

THE IMMUNITY PLEA
SUBJECT OF TRIAL
Packers' and Government Attorneys Fail to Reach an Agreement
Chicago, Jan. 28. That the question of the indicted packers' immunity from prosecution must be tried on the facts became a practical certainty today when the last effort of the opposing attorneys to reach an agreement by which the matter might be expedited failed. The hearing that now becomes necessary will involve the taking of a large volume of testimony and will last for perhaps three weeks. Had an agreement been reached, a plea for the defendant packers would have been made to which the government would have filed a demurrer. In this demurrer the attorneys would have argued before Judge Humphrey with no testimony and without a jury.
District Attorney Morrison and Attorney John R. Wilson, the latter acting for the defendants, each waited for the other to make a move today toward an agreement. It having been arranged that if either had any concession to offer, he would notify the other. Neither made an advance, however, and the day was the last for conferences on the matter, trial of the immunity pleas having been set for tomorrow. The first step in the trial will be testimony by Louis C. Krauthoff, formerly general counsel for Armour and Company, who interviewed Commissioner Garfield on April 4, 1904, concerning the impending investigation.
As the case now stands, the packers will introduce testimony to substantiate their claim that Mr. Garfield's investigation clothed the packers with immunity from subsequent criminal prosecution, inasmuch as they were compelled to produce evidence against themselves. The jury will decide questions of fact, which are at variance, and the court will decide whether under the facts as found by the jury immunity protects the packers from trial on the main issue under indictment.

THE VALENCIA'S DEAD.
Nineteen Bodies of Victims Recovered Yesterday.
Victoria, B. C., Jan. 28. Organized parties are making every effort to secure all the bodies of the victims of the Valencia disaster that can be found. Nineteen were recovered today and with a calmer sea, attempts were made to land near the scene of the wreck and take the bodies on tugs, it being impossible to take corpses over the difficult trails.
A bark was in sight all day and just after sundown drifted around the point and out of sight. It is not known if she went on the rocks or is anchored.
The steamer Salvor has gone to the assistance of the bark.

A HEROIC PRIEST
FATHER O'KEEFE DEAD
He Braved Death on Battlefields and Fever-Haunted Districts.
Towson, Md., Jan. 28. Rev. O'Keefe, pastor of the Roman Catholic Church of the Immaculate Conception, died today of pneumonia. He was 78 years old and a native of Waterford, Ireland.
Father O'Keefe was the last surviving brigade chaplain of the Confederate army, he having been chaplain of Mahone's brigade of the Army of Northern Virginia and a close personal friend of General Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis.
Father O'Keefe made himself famous throughout the South by his work during the outbreak of the yellow fever at Norfolk and Portsmouth in 1855 and in 1854. He won the red ribbon of the Legion of Honor by his attendance upon the officers and crew of the fever-stricken French frigate that put in at Hampton Roads.

"SEA WOLF" DEAD
CAPTAIN McLEAN
From Whom Jack London Drew Character for a Novel.
Victoria, B. C., Jan. 28. Telegram from Bamfield says that the halibut fishing schooner Ella G has turned turtle, six men on board drowned. Among them was Alexander McLean, who was commander of the illegal sealing vessel Carmencita.
Captain Alexander McLean, who was interested in the ownership of the vessel, was a sealer who had become notorious as the result of sealing raids and a recent illicit sealing cruise to the Bering Sea in the schooner Carmencita. Jack London, the novelist, stated that McLean was the foundation for the character of Larsen, "the Sea Wolf" of his novel of that name, and he has since been known on the Pacific coast as "Sea Wolf."
With his brother, Sam McLean, who died some years ago, he was engaged in sealing on the Pacific coast for many years, and on one occasion, was seized by the Russian cruiser, Aleut, when sailing off the Copper Islands with the American schooner James Hamilton Lewis, and he then most daringly tried to disable the cruiser by throwing a cable about her propeller. The attempt did not succeed and he and his crew were imprisoned.
He was responsible for a number of sealing raids, the last being in August 1904, when he tried to raid Copper Island and was driven off by shore guards, two of his men being shot. It was in consequence of this that the United States secret service men started work and orders were given for McLean's arrest when he was absent on his voyage with a crew of thirty-one men from San Francisco. The owners at San Francisco were indicted and are now on bail, and a warrant was issued for McLean which was never served.

MOROCCAN PRETENDER
SPREADING THE WAR
He Has Taken Possession of a Strip Along the Mediterranean.
Madrid, Jan. 28. According to a dispatch from Melilla, a Spanish seaport on the north coast of Morocco, the troops of the pretender, the Hamara, have ravaged the Riff region, a coast range of heights and mountains in northern Morocco, bordering on the Mediterranean, wild and difficult of access and in great part inhabited by Riff Berbers. There is much fighting in which the loyal Khablve tribesmen were invariably beaten.
Mohammed El Torres, minister of foreign affairs, who heads the Moroccan delegation at Algeciras, has learned that the factory at Marchiea is engaged principally in furnishing the pretender with arms and munitions of war, and he has sent a telegram to his son ordering the dispatch of the warship Turki with instructions that it bombard the factory.

FLAGSTAFF
GOING DRY
Water Supply Cut Off by Earthquake
Uncertain Whether Pipe Line is Broken or Whether Source of Supply is Swallowed Up.
Flagstaff, Ariz., Jan. 28. The severe earthquake that shook throughout northern Arizona on Thursday last played havoc with this city's water supply and a water famine is threatened. The supply is derived from large springs high up in the San Francisco mountains, the water being piped seventeen miles to the districting reservoir. After the earthquake, the water ceased flowing into the reservoir and it is feared that the pipe line was carried away by a landslide or that subterranean fissures have been opened inside of the old crater where the springs are located and that the springs have stopped running.
A party has been sent out to follow up the pipe line and endeavor to locate the trouble, but as the upper portion of the line is now buried under many feet of snow, the trip will be an extremely difficult and dangerous one, if indeed, it can be made at all. With strict economy, the supply of water in the reservoir will last two or three weeks.

CHICAGO VOTERS
MUST MAKE CHOICE
The Question of Municipal Ownership Rests With Them.
Chicago, Jan. 28. "I have affixed my signature to the municipal ownership measure recently passed by the city council and am resting content in the belief that my plans for the municipalization of the Chicago street lines will be realized before my present term of office is ended."
Mayor Dunne made the foregoing announcement tonight. He said he had signed the so-called $75,000 romance last night while lying ill at his home, in the belief that it was necessary for him to sign the ordinance within ten days from the date of its passage in order that it might become legal under the provisions of the city charter. That legal obstacles will be placed in the way of the consummation of his plans is anticipated by Mayor Dunne.
"I believe that right after the election there will be a natural attempt to test the Mueller law certificate and in fact, the validity of the act itself," he said. "That, however, is a thing to be desired. We wish to have it done quickly, as possible, and I believe we should get a decision within three months at the minimum and twelve months at the maximum."
The mayor declared that the defects in the ordinance, if any, could be remedied and that it was drawn to achieve a general purpose and will be regarded as valid by courts.
When questioned as to his plans, Mayor Dunne replied: "Circumstances will largely settle the question of municipal ownership. If we win at the polls, we will ask the companies for a valuation of their properties. We will demand a quick reply. If we get it, we can proceed at once toward taking over their lines. If we are given no satisfaction, we will have to contract for a system. We could throw a large force of men into the work and under a competent contractor whose right to do the work has been agreed upon, a city system could be started."
For the first few miles to be operated by the city, purchase of power in lieu of the establishment of a water house has been suggested. The mayor said that he would have no further plans to offer for furthering municipal ownership until after the voters have made known at the April election whether or not they want municipal ownership.

THE BLUE AND GRAY
GRIEVED TOGETHER
The Imposing Funeral of General Joseph Wheeler.
New York, Jan. 28. An imposing military pageant, bringing a procession across Brooklyn Bridge, brief services at St. Thomas Episcopal Church in Fifth Avenue, and an escort across the North River ferry to Jersey City, where the body was placed on a train to be taken to Washington for internment in the National Cemetery at Arlington, marked the funeral in the city today.
Brigadier General Joseph Wheeler, cavalry leader of the Confederacy and later one of the most prominent figures in the Spanish-American War, was the dead soldier whose remains were draped in the flags under which he had served with almost military vigor and distinction in March 1861 through the Confederate states and the stars and stripes.
Veterans of the southern and northern armies mingled freely in a tribute to General Wheeler with younger veterans of the Cuban and Philippine campaigns of 1898 and 1900.
The route of the funeral cortege was lined with great crowds, which stood with bowed heads as the procession passed.