ax4f?w
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 7, 1901
2

wmmmimmMmmmwwmm,

i i,j - t'T! i, " - . '

' t , - r. v " -

- -THIS-- -. --.-

The Arizona
G. W. VICKERS
SAM McCOWAN
HARVEY J. URE,
J. W. SPEAR

The Arizona Publishing Company

Exclusive Morning Associated Press Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press In Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes In Arizona.
Publication office: 36-38 East Adams street. Telephone No. 471.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix, Arizona, as mail matter of the sec
ond class.

SUBSCRIPTION
By mail, daily, one year.
Weekly, one year
Cash In

BY CARRIER.

Daily, per month,

TERRITORIAL OFFICIALS
GOVERNOR N. O. MURPHY
TERRITORIAL SECRETARY C. H. AKERS
TERRITORIAL TREASURER T. W. PEMBERTON
TERRITORIAL AUDITOR O. W. VICKERS
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION R. E. PONCE
CHIEF JUSTICE A. WEBSTER STREET.
ASSOCIATE JUSTICES
R. E. SLOAN, GEORGE R. DAVIS, FLETCHER M. DOAN
ATTORNEY GENERAL AINSWORTH

REPUBLICAN MUNICIPAL TICKET.
FOR MAYOR WALTER TALBOT
FOR RECORDER T. A. JONES
FOR TREASURER HARRY CREIGHTON
FOR MARSHAL J. R. KINNEY
FOR ASSESSOR AND TAX COLLECTOR GEORGE KIRKLAND
FOR COUNCILMAN, FIRST WARD JOSEPH FIFIELD
FOR COUNCILMAN, SECOND WARD W. I. HORNER

PHOENIX, ARIZONA, MAY 7, 1901.

WELCOME TO PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
William McKinley, the twenty-fifth president of the United
States, will become a guest of Phoenix today. No such honor was
ever before conferred upon a town of a territory, and only twice
before has a president in office crossed the Mississippi, a boundary
before that regarded almost definite as the law which prevents a
president from leaving the United States during his term of office.
When presidents have hitherto traveled they have been accom
panied only by their families. In this the executive machinery
of the country is being moved along, so that for today Phoenix will
be the capital of the United States.
The honor is more signal when the character of the visitor is
taken into consideration: the greatest president who has served
since Lincoln. For many years Mr. McKinley represented in
Congress an important Ohio district. He distinguished himself as
an advocate of a protective tariff. His opponents said that he was
laboring only for his own district, to which a high protective tariff
would be highly beneficial on account of the character of its pro
ductive and manufacturing industries. Others, more narrow
minded, said he was a man with a single idea.
The tariff problem has been worked out to its end, and the
wonderful prosperity of the country is acknowledged to be solidly
built on the establishment of the principle so obstinately con
tended for by Representative McKinley.
Upon his accession to the presidency Mr. McKinley found him
self confronted by conditions perplexing as those which Mr. Lincoln
encountered. In 1860 only the division of the country was
threatened. In 1861 a false move would have enveloped the whole
country in a catastrophe which would have endangered even the
form of the government. Everybody knows now how the problem
has been solved. The United States is bigger and stronger than
ever. The doctrine of the fathers has been preserved and the
wisdom of the men who drafted the constitution has been presented
in the light of a clearer understanding.
Our country has become an arbiter in peace, war and commerce.
This man with a single idea has become the foremost statesman of
the age, the only one who has not committed a single error.
This tour of the west on which the president and his cabinet
are engaged is not one of recreation. The ostensible object of the
journey is to witness the launching of the battleship Ohio. No one
believes that the government of the United States would be
dragged across the country for that simple ceremony, since the
presence of the president and his cabinet would add nothing to the
effectiveness of that admirable fighting machine. No one believes
that the president embarked on this trip for the pleasure of it. A
rest on the Atlantic seashore would have been more pleasant.
He has embraced this opportunity to bring himself in contact with the
people of the west and south; to learn of their resources and their
needs. The journey is an official one, the result of which will give
him a better understanding of his duties of the whole country, and
fill the states and territories through which he passes with a higher
sense of loyalty, not to the president, but to the government of
which they are a part, represented by Mr. McKinley, the president
of the whole people.
Nowhere along his journey will he find more loyal sons and
daughters than in Phoenix. They welcome him, and in their name
The Republican extends the welcome.

Much has been said in this campaign
about the condition of municipal finan
ces, and much more could have been
said to the taxpayers relative to the unwar
ranted extravagance of the democratic council
for the past two years. Chairman
Willis published a statement of munic
ipal revenue and expenditure covering
two years under the Adams adminis
tration and two years under the demo
cratic administration. The statement
proved conclusively that, while under
a republican administration the city
accumulated nearly $5,000 over expen
ditures, under a democratic adminis
tration it ran into debt to the extent
of nearly $20,000. To this the demo
crats make no counter-statement, ex
cept as to the revenue for the last
year, which corroborates that of Mr.
Willis. But on the question of expen
diture they do nothing but cry, "Liar!"
"Renegade!" and such cowardly epi
thets. They make the bald and brazen
assertion that Chairman Willis falsi
fies the records, and yet do not dare
publish it themselves. They announce
with all the gall of a bilious partisan
ship, that $2,300 is the amount of debt
they have incurred, but do not give
any figures other than these on their
authority. The statement made by
Chairman Willis over his signature, is
met by scurrilous personal attacks
upon his character and name, over no
body's signature, and published in an
irresponsible paper. After all is con
sidered the fact remains that the dem
ocratic council has within two years
plunged the city into debt to the ex
tent of nearly $20,000, which the tax
payers must honor and pay. If the
taxpayers of the city relish this con
dition, they may continue it by voting
the democratic ticket. But if they do
not relish it, if they believe an honest,
progressive government of municipal
affairs can, or should be had with less
money; if they desire their revenues to
equal their expenses, and their city af
fairs administered for the best interests
of the citizens and taxpayers in
general and not for individuals THEN
VOTE THE REPUBLICAN TICKET
STRAIGHT TODAY.
The Enterprise, last night published a
story intended to damage J. R. Kinney, the republican candidate for the
marshal. It was stated that Mr. Kinney was pledged to appoint certain
deputies. This is always a damaging
charge, however worthy the proposed
appointee may be, because it arouses

jBWiyiBw!MBiwMPwlwBBBsBilKHB

GEORGE B. CORTELYOU.
Mr. Cortelyou, who is accompanied by his wife, is the private secretary of
the president. He has had absolute charge of all the affairs of the presidential
journey and he arranged the schedule, which has at no time been varied
by more than half an hour. Mr. Cortelyou: the presidential train will roll into the Pennsylvania avenue station at Washington. Mr. Cortelyou's home is at Hempstead, N. Y. He was born in the city
of New York July 26, 18--. He received degrees from the Georgetown and
Columbia universities and became a general law and verbatim reporter, and
was said to be the most expert in the country. After a period of teaching he
entered public service in 1880. In 189-- he was appointed stenographer to the
president, and on May of last year became his private secretary, succeeding
J. Addison Porter, who resigned on account of ill-health.

A jealousy among the party workers.
Mr. Kinney announces that he is pledged no place to anybody and that
if elected his appointments will be made wholly with reference to the
city's interests.
This is the last appeal to the voters of
Phoenix, not only to republicans but
to democrats who favor a good, progressive,
and economical government.
Those who favor a continuation of McNeilism, Sandersism, extrav
agance, incompetency, to say nothing
of dishonesty, will vote the demo
cratic ticket. We do not mean to
say that democracy stands for these
undesirable and disreputable things,
but that if Shott or Dunlap or Lount
is elected, the reign of McNeil and San
ders will be continued, and that for
each of the two coming years there
will be a $10,000 deficit. We think a
halt should be called; that the voters
should apply a brake to Messrs. McNeil
and Sanders rather than to grease
their axles for another two years' run.
The extravagance of the last two
years has been deplorable. Nobody
has deplored it more deeply than
Mayor Ganz, a democrat. During the
mayor's absence in Europe last summer, nearly all of the extravagance of
which complaint has been made was
committed.
The administration of the city's af
fairs was so unbusiness-like that on his
return he complained. Of his honesty
or ability there has been no doubt.
If there is any democrat who before
voting this morning wants further
light on this matter, we advise him to
see Mayor Ganz himself, a democrat.
Again, my beloved, we enjoin upon
you the necessity of voting early, to
the end that all who desire a better
municipal government may have an
opportunity to express themselves. Those who wait
until the afternoon run the risk of not
being able to vote at all. The demo
cratic machinery is able to effectually
close the door of the polls against them
long before the hour fixed by law for
closing. Vote early.
That democratic barbecue and dance
on Sunday afternoon and night formed
the ingredients of the most violent
desecration of the Sabbath witnessed in
Phoenix in recent years.
McNeil and Dunlap are publicly
swearing that they hate each other.
In that case Christian voters would
make a mistake in yoking them to
gether. "The better the day the better the deed." Was the democratic barbecue
and dance at Salail's on Sunday a re
ligious rite?

COLORADO'S MONSTER SPIDERS.
Scientific Investigation of Insects of
Which Many Yarns Were Told.
Prof. K. T. Laughton has returned to his home in New York after spending
the winter in exploring the mountains near Buena Vista and investigating the
habits of the species of monster spiders
found in the Middle Cottonwood Pass.
Little definite is known of these spid
ers, but around them has been gathered
a mass of legend and prospectors'
yarns that rival those of Munchausen.
Many years ago these spiders lived in
a cave easily reached by tourists. It
was in a vale two miles east from
Harvard City, then a thriving mining
camp eight miles west from Buena Vista.
In 1880 a man named Shultz cut his
way into the spiders' den. He did not
return and a week later a searching
party found his body partly buried in
the spiders' cave under a mass of fallen
rock. As it would have required con
siderable timbering, at an expense of
several hundred dollars to recover the
body, and as the man had no known
relatives, it was left undisturbed.
Shultz's skeleton is still in the cave but
the soldiers have found another home
farther back in the mountains.
Some of the tales told about these
spiders are given in an old letter which
has just been found in Buena Vista.
It says:
"A short distance out of Buena Vista
there is a cave swarming with spiders
of immense size, some of them having
legs four inches in length and bodies
as big as that of a canary bird. The
cave was discovered in 1838 and was of
ten visited by pioneers on their way to
California, who obtained their webs for
use in the place of thread.
Early and late the cave resounds with
a buzzing sound emitted by the spiders
as they weave their webs. The webs
were tested in '71 and found to be com
posed of silk of the finest quality. The
skins of the spiders make good gloves
as they are pliable and require no tan
ning.
A number were captured and tamed
and manifested great affection for all
members of the family. They were far
superior to a cat in exterminating rats
and mice, following their prey into the
holes in the walls and ceilings. One
spider, kept as a pet by a Buena Vista
lady, used to stay all night at the head
of her bed, acting as sentinel."

Piecing
That's a word
which may not be in
the dictionary in this
sense of its use, but
which is in very common use in some
sections of the country. "She's always
picking;" they say of the woman who
runs to the cupboard at irregular hours
and eats a piece of pie, cake, or some
other dainty. This irregular eating is
one of the chief causes of dyspepsia
and "weak" stomach.
Diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition are
completely cured by the use of Doctor
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. It
increases the supply of rich, pure blood,
and gives the body vitality and vigor.
"A year ago I was feeling very badly," writes
Mr. Uzzie Abrams, of 158 Johnson Avenue,
Brooklyn, N. Y. "Had a very poor appetite and
when I sat down at the table I could not eat,
but would have to go away without even tasting
the food. Chancing to hear from a friend
who used your 'Golden Medical Discovery' for
a disease similar to mine, I thought I would
give the medicine a trial, and I can hardly
express the benefit received from it. The first
dose seemed to do me good. My appetite re
turned and I was able to eat heartily. I have
improved so much since taking the 'Golden
Medical Discovery' I do not look like the same
person. Am to-day well and strong as the
result of taking six bottles of Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
PliiiI2M"
HLiLk.H
THE MORROW COASTER BRAKE
Guarantees You Absolute Comfort and
Pleasure in Cycling.
This easy wheel which your wheel now is under control, security on hills, luxury on
the level. Fifty Miles, but
Pedal only thirty-five miles.
I CO. COO satisfied riders 1 st Near Goldfl
by all cycle retailers Booklet free.
la-lii'm; mi u. v-u., uamira, is. 1.

"I fclla i T Tl

JsLssssssm

it
Afvl T"im Uto Ccntlpules and
WAIN I CU nd UK On rlo more,
WESTMINSTER HOTEL, Los Angeles, Cal.

innnnhinU Ql AITIUP aosTs.HjirlngBt., KsncvAit, nWlo and knlltf plftltlng. Tele
AUbUHUlUN rLAIIINb .houeJlln)7,iAngelf,Cl. .

Hotel Rosslyn

Situated on Main St., directly opposite the U. S. postoffice. Every modern
convenience; new and clean; superior accommodations for 200 guests. Rates,
American plan, $2.00 per day and up. European plan, 75c per day and up.
Special rates to families or guests remaining a week or more. Take electric
cars or omnibus at depots direct to Rosslyn Hotel
ROSS & WELFER, Props.

..Dorris Theatre..
NICK WALONEK, Manager.
Wednesday Eve., May 8
Paul Jennison Concert Co'
MRS. ADA. TAYLOR Grand Contralto
(Kos Angeles.)
KATE CONDIT Pianist
(Pomona College)
PAUL JENNISON, Violincello Virtuoso
Of New York.
Mendelssohn Quintet Club of Boston.
Thomas, Damrow and Boston
Orchestras.
SEATS, 50c, 75c and $1.00
Now on Sale
CASTLE GREEK
Hot Springs
After a very successful season, in
which the capacity of the buildings has
not been sufficient to accommodate all
who have wished to come, the guests
are now leaving, so that after the 17th
Inst., (April), there will be plenty of
room. Come for a few weeks' rest and
recuperation.
C. M. COLHOUN, Mgr.
Barber Shop and Bath Rooms
Brent Corner Center and Washington St
Only First-Class Service.
F. BIRKLEY, Proprietor.
W. AYETT. Foreman
It Tickles Him
to find that his gastronomic desires are
so thoroughly well cared for by the wife
and housekeeper. Wonder if he knows
that his supply of meats comes from
Hurley's? He ought to, for everybody
else in town knows of the good things in
the edible line we supply from day to
day.
P. T. Hurley.
8 West Washington St. 'Phone 491
HAVING PURCHASED THE . . .
Meat Markets
of C. U. Wheeler, next door to the P.O., I am
now prepared than ever to serve the public
with the best of meats in Arizona. Come and
see me.
A. WEILER, Proprietor.
Formerly of Center Street Market.
Wrought
IRON PIPE and
FITTINGS.,
Valves, Packing Shafting,
Pulleys, Etc., Machine Shop
Machinery, Supplies, Etc.
Phoenix Foundry
and Machine Works.
SAtOSSXor.THi Second Street.
. j1-..
.. ,.. Ai, .,!.'".
lii! Si'
n
S..!vF
IM-Vl i
Vf .
. rn . (!'
s
VI -sXM
JSrtt
t ijwl
l.H-fi!H 1 V -' rfVt.iV&i'W
U-.
5.
Jt'sryif.M-

mA tow

i vMtesgsm

"...frgr.S-""" F

'iiiS

ii'c 1 ii iWfitr- 1

ii -. 1

iv -

a:-w-

k.

irt . 1

YiarSI

Horned Tools, ie. S. ME1IK5Y, Jr., Ironmonger
Fourth and Main St., opposite Van Buren and

The Best Appointed Hotel at,
: : Reasonable Prices : :
Los Angeles, California
in
Kelley, Taneyhill & Woodruff Co,
Manufacturers of Water, Oil and Miner
Prospecting Machinery of All kinds, with
which can be used steam, gasoline, or horse
power. Prices reasonable. Get our catalogue.
Pacific Coast Agency, 308 So. Los Angeles
St., Los Angeles, Cal.
BREAD
Basis of Strength.
Bread! Good Bread!
In Short
Phoenix Bakery Bread
Contains everything necessary to sus
tain life. It is made of the finest high
grade flour, by the most skillful bakers,
and in the most perfectly appointed
bake shops. Is pure, palatable and
wholesome. Being light, it can be eaten
and digested by invalids.
Phoenix Bakery & Confectionery
EDWARD EISELE, Prop.
Established 1881. Telephone 891
7 West Washington Street.
THE
Bashford Burmister
COMPANY
Prescott, - - Arizona
Wholesale and Retail Dealers In
Furniture, Dry Goods, Crock
ery, Wall Paper, Carpets,
Boots and Shoes, Furnishing
Goods, Stationery, Groceries,
Mining Supplies, Hardware,
Paints and Oils, Hay and
Grain, Lime and Cement, Bug
gies and Wagons, Drugs, Etc.,
etc.
It's a cloudy day when the B. B.
Co boys are not busy.
Sffr
-jt? Awj
.i&ilr
JV CtAaT ,,-
A Delightful Surprise
for those whose appetite is coquetting
with them when they find that dainty
spring lamb chops or a tender steak
has been provided from our choice
stock of meats for their breakfast.
They are deliciously appetizing for the
fastidious palate. Our prime roasts,
steaks and chops are tender, juicy and
of fine quality.
Cold Air Storage Market
S. S. TRIBOLET - 114-116 W. Washington
Doctor's Orders
are carried out to the letter and figures
in our prescription department ought
to be a matter of course, but is not in
many instances; hence our reputation
as pharmacists of the first rank. We
don't substitute, we don't dilute, we
don't adulterate; we do fill prescrip
tions in exact accordance with physi
cians' prescriptions.
BRISLEY DRUG CO.
HOTEL ADAMS CORNER.
Telephone 8431. Night Bell.

WmCT1 'Better 'jnTrf wJttflr

I Blk 'if Ante,

PHOENIX. ARIZONA.
CAPITAL "PAID UP"...... 200,000
SURPLUS 85,000
EMIL GANZ, President
SOL LEWIS, Vice-President.
S. OBERFELDER, Cashier.
JOHN J. SWEENEY, Asst. Cashier.
Directors: Emil Ganz, Sol Lewis, J. J. Sweeney, J. C.
Smith, Charles Goldman, S. Oberfelder, Edward S. Hill,
CORRESPONDENTS.
The Bank of California.. San Francisco
Lairdlaw & Co New York
National Bank of Commerce. .St. Louis
Nat'l Bank of Commerce.. Kansas City
First National Bank .Chicago
Colorado National Bank Denver
Farmers' & Merchants' Nat'l Bank
Los Angeles
Consolidated Nat'l Bank Tucson
Bank of Arizona Prescott
Messrs. N. M. Rothschilds & Sons...
London
THE VALLEY BANK
OF PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
Paid Up Capital $50,000
Surplus 25,000
WM. CHRISTY, President
J. C. KIRKPATRICK, Vice-President
W. D. FULWILER, Cashier.
LLOYD B. CHRISTY, Asst. Cashier.
Drafts issued on all of the important
cities of the United States and Europe.
Discount Commercial Paper and do a
General Banking Business.
Office Hours: 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
DIRECTORS.
M. H. Sherman, Wm. Christy, B. J.
Bennett. J. C. Kirkpatrick. P. C.
Hatch. W. D. Fulwiler,
Lloyd B. Christy.
CORRESPONDENTS.
First National Bank, New York; American Exchange Nat'l
Bank, Chicago; First National Bank, Los Angeles; Bank of
Arizona, Prescott, Ariz.; The Anglo-California
Bank, San Francisco, Cal.
ESTABLISHED 1893.
THE PRESCOTT
NATIONAL BANK
PRESCOTT, ARIZONA.
Capital Stock $100,000.00
Surplus and profits 40,000.00
FRANK M. MURPHY, President.
MORRIS GOLDWATER, Vice-Pres.
HENRY KINSLEY, Cashier.
C. O. ELLIS, Assistant Cashier.
DIRECTORS,
FRANK M. MURPHY
MORRIS GOLDWATER
H. KINSLEY
R. N. FREDERICKS
JOHN C. HERNDON
E. B. GAGE
D. M. FERRY.
Account of Individuals, firms and
corporations solicited on favorable
terms.
36 Nassau St., New York.
40 State St., Boston, Mass.
FISK & ROBINSON,
Bankers
Dealers in Investment
Securities,
Deposit Accounts of Banks, Bankers,
Firms, and Individuals received, sub
ject to sight draft. Interest allowed
on balances. Correspondence invited
from Corporations, Trustees and other
conservative Investors. Orders on the
New York Stock Exchange executed
on commission for cash.
HARRY & EDWARD FISK.
GEORGE U. ROBINSON,
Member New York Stock Exchange
Bargains
4 lots on First avenue near Van Buren
$500 each
40 acres under Maricopa canal; Im
proved; alfalfa, well, house and barn,
$3,000
160 acres, one mile from Phoenix, in
alfalfa; water rights Maricopa and
Grand
$12,000
W. J. MURPHY. O'Neill Block,
THE
New Loan Plan
OF THE
Phoenix Building & Loan Assn.
should be looked into by every person
who wishes to borrow money.
Low rate of interest.
Small expense.
Long time
with privilege of paying small install
ments are some of its features.
R. H. GREENE
SECRETARY.
81 NORTH FIRST AVENUE.