PAGE TWO

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN. SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 10, 1916

25 Years Ago Today
This weather feels very much as
if it came from Greenland's icy
mountains.

For Rent A large brick store,
corner Spring and Second streets,
75x30, with cellar, whole size. Apply
at Hemmel & Denker, Cosmopolitan
Hotel.

We are requested to announce
that practice for singing at the Congregational church will be held at
the church tomorrow afternoon at
4 o'clock.

The candy pulling that was postponed on account of the bad weather will come off Wednesday evening, Jan. 12, at Mr. John T.
Brawn's, corner of Main and Pico
streets. All are invited.

It is reported that the board of
public works of the city council has
under consideration a proposition
to construct a cable street railway
upon a number of our hill streets,
similar to those in operation in San
Francisco.

Workmen were engaged today in
laying a plank sidewalk along the
Main street front of the courthouse.

C. B. Woodhead, of the firm of
Woodhead and Gay, has just returned from the East. He thinks if
we can command proportionately
good prices with the orange producers of Florida, our fruit will
bring in Chicago from $3 to $5 a
box. Whether we can ship and sell
at these figures will depend entirely
upon the freight rates obtainable.

We have received a sample of the
oil refined by Mr. E. A. Edwards
for illuminating purposes taken out
of the Los Angeles well at Sespe.
It is marked at 110 degrees fire test,
is clear as water and is said to make
a stronger and brighter light than
any of the imported illuminating
fluids now in use here. We shall
try the sample.

SAYS EASTER OIL

MASCOT OIL CO.

412-13-14-15, Citizens' National Bank Bldg.
Los Angeles

Feb. 21, 1910.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
This will introduce Mr. E. A. Edwards, a gentleman with whom I have been acquainted for the
last twenty odd years. Mr. Edwards is thorough
and practical in every branch of the oil business,
having had many years of experience. He constructed the first refinery that successfully refined
western Ohio, or commonly called Lima, Ohio, oil.
He was also the originator of the construction of
the pipeline from Lima, Ohio, to Whiting, where
the Standard Oil company now have one of their
largest eastern refineries.
Mr. Edwards is a reliable business man, and I
cheerfully recommend him to the consideration of
anyone needing a gentleman who is thoroughly
capable of judging oil territory.
Yours truly,
T. Spellaney.

THE EASTER OIL CO.
Easter, Ariz., or No. 11 North First Ave., Phoenix
Gentlemen:
Without obligating myself in any way, please send me descriptive matter concerning
your oil proposition twelve miles south of Phoenix.

Name ___________________________________
Address _________________________________

Visit the Easter Oil Property
and See For Yourself.
See surface indications which point definitely to
this being the next great oil field developed in the
United States. You're more than welcome to
come any day.
Buy Some Easter Oil Stock
today and boost for a payroll in Phoenix. Incidentally, an oil strike will mean a small fortune
for those who invest.
Buy stock now—it's going fast and when the
$32,000 to be sold is gone, no more will be on the
market at any price and drilling will start immediately.

THE AMERICA OILFIELDS CO.

E. L. Doheny, Pres. C. A. Canfield, V. Pres.
Norman Bridges, Sec. Treas.
Los Angeles, Feb. 4, 1910

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
This will certify that I have known Mr. E. A.
Edwards as an oil refiner, and as having general
experience in the oil business, for a period of
about 17 years, and I know that his experience at
that time was great, both as a refiner and a
manipulator of petroleum in its various forms. In
a general way, I know that he has had considerable experience in the development of oil lands.
(Signed) E. L. Doheny.

Expert is Enthusiastic
(From The Oasis, Sept. 8, 1916)
"You'll strike oil here if you drill
for it," said E. A. Edwards of Mc
Kittrick, Cal., after a visit to the
property of the Easter Oil, Gas and
Mining company, twelve miles south
of Phoenix. "The formation here is
the same as at Tampico, Mexico,
where they struck a 40,000 barrel
well, and the anticlines indicate
that your location of the drilling rig
is the best that could be found on
the entire property. In company
with Secretary-Treasurer Y. L.
Holmes of the company, Mr. Edwards went over practically every
foot of the 2000-acre tract owned
by the oil concern, and declared,
after making the inspection, that
the surface indications of oil in that
vicinity were as good as any he
ever saw in any of the producing
fields.
Although nearly 75 years of age,
Edwards is as keen and alert as
many a man of half his age. He
has been in the oil business for
more than fifty years. He has some
interesting documents in his possession, among them letters from E. L.
Doheny, who, next to John D.
Rockefeller, is probably the richest
oil man in the world, a letter from
the president of the Union Oil Company of California and other letters, all recommending him most
highly as an authority on both oil
refining and oil discovery. He has
a clipping from a Los Angeles newspaper of 1906, of a column, headed,
"Twenty-five Years Ago Today."
Among the interesting paragraphs
contained therein is one telling how
Edwards refined the first oil to be
produced on the coast.

UNION OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA
Lyman Stewart, Pres., Security Bldg., Los Angeles, Cal.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
We take pleasure in saying that we have known Mr. E. A. Edwards for many years,
that he is an experienced oil man, is a capable judge of oil formations, and is competent
to successfully locate oil wells thereon.
Yours truly,
UNION OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA,
(Signed) Lyman Stewart, President.

THE EASTER OIL, GAS AND MINING COMPANY

K. O. Moore, President;
John F. Barker, Vice-President; Y. L. Holmes, Secretary-Treasurer
Easter, Arizona; or 11 North First Avenue, Phoenix

CLUB NOTES

Official Organ State Federation of Clubs:

Opening Dates of Clubs
Maricopa Chapter, Daughters of the
American Revolution, Saturday, September 30.
Arizona Congress of Mothers Monday,
October 2.
Musicians' Club Monday, October 2.
College Club Wednesday, October 4.
Madison Improvement Club Thursday,
October 5.
Conservation Club Monday, October 9.
Harmony Club Wednesday, October 11.
Glendale Woman's Club Wednesday,
October 11.
Orangewood-Ramona Club Wednesday,
October 11.
Woman's Club Tuesday, October 17.

After a vacation of diversified interest
and activity, the clubs of Phoenix are
opening their regular seasons. The
Madison Improvement club and the
Conservation club have already held
their opening meetings and both are in constant use during the hours of 9 in
the morning until 5 in the afternoon.
Since the opening free phonograph records, electric fans, and other small features of
comfort have been installed. The
District Federation of Women's clubs
voted for, toward the furnishing, but
the city has been so liberal in this
matter that this sum will be utilized
for the "little things" that are needed. The contribution of literature
has been generous also and will save
the need of subscription to magazines
and the purchase of books. The
women who have been behind the
movement have not lost interest since
they have secured what has long been
their dream, but will continue toward
its support and maintenance. They
are more enthusiastic than ever in
their belief that women will again turn their
attention to the actual comfort it is
able to give to the country, southside and city
figures prominently in the activity of the women of Phoenix. While practically every club has announced its
opening and routing work will be transacted within the next few weeks. Before the closing dates last spring the
committees had carefully outlined the
program for the ensuing year, never
theless there will be get-together
meetings and discussions and rest room and a playground. Every
committees before the formal opening
of the club season. The Civic League
held its inaugural meeting on Wednesday and will continue its sessions at
the Chamber of Commerce every Wednesday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
The Business Girls' club has not announced its opening, but it is understood the organization is contemplating a gigantic membership rally before
preparing its calendar. The southside
clubs, affiliated with the district and
state federations have outlined interesting work for the next few months
and the outlook everywhere is for a
hard working, brilliant and successful
season.
Through the efforts of public men
and club women, the city is now
maintaining a rest room located on
the city hall grounds at Second and
Jefferson streets. The need of a rest
room had been agitated by the clubs
for years and that it was a real requirement has best been demonstrated by the manner in which the public has taken advantage of it since
its opening the latter part of July.
Mrs. E. H. Abbott, one of its sponsors
and an active member of the Woman's
club, the Musicians' club and the
Arizona Congress of Mothers, is the
matron and reports that the average
number of women and girls who daily
pass from a few minutes to a few
hours there is thirty-five. It is more
than a rest room, for the city authorities have fitted it with every
comfort for the weary shopper. It is a
small house furnished with every
convenience, where the mother can
care for her little one. There are
small iron bedsteads for the tiny
tots and besides the basement bedroom there is a kitchenette with gas
plate and ice chest. On the first
floor the reading room and booth
where parcels may be sent directly
from the shop or checked upon arrival.

NEW JAPANESE ENVOY
HAS RESIDED HERE

year since it started on a small scale
a few seasons ago to create an interest
in the child welfare movement
the work of the congress has broadened and its development has been
of that character that it now attracts the interest and support of
thinking men and women throughout
the state. The rest room, while seemingly of little importance in
comparison, has made it possible for
mothers to attend the fair and at
the same time has aroused their interest in the work of the congress.

adding to its list of co-workers.

At its initial meeting for the season on October 6, the Madison Improvement club will celebrate its
sixth anniversary. The program will
be in charge of the art department,
Mrs. Fred Gregg, chairman.

The Adams Parent Teacher association will hold its initial meeting of
the year, Friday afternoon, October 6.

While the Orangewood-Ramona club
will not open its regular season until
October 11, it will give two social
meetings during September as has
been the fortnightly custom throughout the summer. The next gathering
will be held on Wednesday at the
home of Mrs. J. W. Rice. The program will be devoted to the poets,
featuring William Cullen Bryant.
For the general fund of the club,
the Glendale Woman's club will hold
a cosmopolitan carnival on the evening of September 29 and 30. Annually the club gives a fete, the proceeds of which is devoted to the
building fund and in planning this
season's entertainment the committee is outdoing all past events. It is
understood that all nations are to be
represented at booths containing the
most attractive novelties. There will
also be a program to be announced.

Amoro Sato.
Amoro Sato, formerly Japanese
ambassador to Austria, has already
spent a considerable portion of his
life in this country, having been a
student at De Pauw University in Indiana. The new envoy succeeds Vis-
count Chinda, who has been transferred to the ambassadorship at London.

EXTS: That we, E. S. CLARK, and
GORDON CLARK, have this day associated ourselves for the purpose of
organizing a corporation under the
laws of the State of Arizona, and for
that purpose do hereby make, adopt
and publish the following Articles of
Incorporation:

ARTICLE I.
The names, residences and post office addresses of the incorporators of
this corporation are as follows:

E. S. CLARK, Prescott, Arizona;
GORDON CLARK, Prescott, Arizona.

ARTICLE II.
The name of this corporation shall
be UNITED WESTERN DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, and the principal
place for the transaction of business
shall be Phoenix, Arizona. The corporation shall have the right to establish
and maintain offices at such other
place or places, either within or without the State of Arizona, as the Board
of Directors of this corporation may
from time to time designate.

ARTICLE III.
The general nature of the business
proposed to be transacted by this corporation is as follows, to-wit:
To carry on a general mining, milling, smelting and reduction business,
and for that purpose to buy, sell, acquire, lease, locate and otherwise deal
in mines, mining claims, mill-sites,
lodes and placers, and all other kinds
of mining property; to work, operate
and develop mining properties, and
mine and reduce the ores therefrom;
to sell and otherwise dispose of any
products derived from the working of
any mining property, or the reduction
of any ores; to buy, build, construct,
own, operate, sell, lease or otherwise
deal in all kinds of mining machinery,
mining equipment, mills and milling
machinery, smelters and smelting machinery, reduction plants and machinery of every kind and character; to
buy, sell, hold, lease, operate and
maintain such railways, tramways,
transportation facilities, telegraph
lines, telephone lines and other methods of transportation and communication, as may be necessary for or incident to the general business of this
corporation; to buy, sell and hold the
stock and securities of this and other
corporations; to acquire, develop, locate, lease and deal in water and water
rights, and to use and control the
same for all lawful purposes; to do a
general merchandise business; to carry
on such other lines of business as may
be incident to the general business of
this corporation, and to do every act
and thing necessary in the carrying on
of a general mining, milling, smelting
and reduction business.

ARTICLE IV.
The capital stock of this corporation
is and shall be one hundred thousand
($100,000.00) dollars, divided into one
hundred thousand shares of the par
value of one dollar each, which stock
shall be issued at such times and upon
such conditions as the Board of Directors may prescribe; and the Board
of Directors are hereby authorized to
issue any or all of the capital stock of
this corporation in consideration of the
payment thereof in cash, or the transfer to this corporation of property,
rights, franchises or interests of any
description, or services rendered or to
be rendered, and the valuation or appraisal of the Board of Directors of
any property, rights, franchises, interests or services rendered or to be rendered, shall be binding and conclusive
upon the stockholders of this corporation and all persons dealing with it.

ARTICLE V.
The affairs of this corporation shall
be managed, administered and controlled by a Board of Directors, consisting of three bona fide stockholders, a majority of whom shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business, which directors shall hold
office for one year, and until their
successors shall be elected and qualified. The Board of Directors shall be
elected annually at a regular meeting
of stockholders, which meeting shall be
held on the second Tuesday of June of
each year, at the principal place of
business of the corporation, provided,
that until the first annual meeting
above referred to, E. S. CLARK, H.
K. BARKER, and J. C. NORTON, shall
constitute the Board of Directors, and
a majority of the Board shall have the
power to fill vacancies occurring in
said Board.

ARTICLE VI.
The officers of this corporation shall
be a President, a Vice-President, a
Secretary and a Treasurer, and such
other officers and agents as the Board
of Directors may from time to time
appoint. The officers so mentioned
shall be elected by the Board of Directors from among their own number
and as soon as practicable after their
own election, which officers shall hold
office until the next annual meeting of
the stockholders, and until their successors shall be elected and qualified.
Provided, that until otherwise ordered
by the Board of Directors, the officers
of the Company shall be as follows:
President and General Manager, E.
A. Hitter; Vice President, H. E. Barbee; Secretary and Treasurer, J. C.
Norton.

ARTICLE VII.
The Board of Directors shall have
the power to make such by-laws and
rules for the regulation of the affairs
and business of this corporation as
they shall see fit, and shall have power to alter, repeal and amend the same
at any regular meeting of the Directors.

ARTICLE VIII.
The time for the commencement of
this corporation shall be the 3rd day
of July, 1916, and it shall continue for
twenty-five years from and after that
date.

ARTICLE IX.
These Articles of Incorporation may
be amended by action of the stockholders at any regular meeting or at any
special meeting of stockholders called
for that purpose.

ARTICLE X.
The highest amount of indebtedness
or liability, contingent or otherwise, to
which this corporation may at any
time subject itself shall be fifty thousand ($50,000.00) dollars.

ARTICLE XI.
The private property of the stockholders of this corporation shall be
forever exempt from liability for corporate debts.

ARTICLE XII.
The stock of this corporation shall
when issued, be forever fully paid and
non-assessable.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands this 3rd day of
July, A. D. 1916.
E. S. CLARK,
GORDON CLARK.
STATE OF ARIZONA, )
COUNTY OF YAVAPAI )
This instrument was acknowledged
before me this 3rd day of July, 1916, by
E. S. CLARK and GORDON CLARK.
My commission expires June 2-, 1919.
(NOTARIAL SEAL)
NEIL C. CLARK,
Notary Public.
Filed in the office of the Arizona
Corporation Commission this 6th day
of July, A. D. 1916 at 10:00 A. M. at
request of E. S. CLARK, whose post
office address is Prescott, Arizona.
ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMISSION. By F. A. JONES,
Chairman

To the Voters of
Pinal County:
Not being able to see all of you personally I take
this means of asking you for your support at the
coming primaries, for renomination as sheriff on
the Democratic ticket.
I shall leave it to your judgment as to whether or
not I have made good; and if you are satisfied, with
my services, your vote and whatever assistance
you may render in my behalf in the coming election will be greatly appreciated.
I am no great man; just common, every-day Henry
Hall; always ready to attend to any matter pertaining to the office, that comes up day or night.
Prompt service is my motto.
Thanking you, I am
Yours very truly
HENRY D. HALL.

WE ARE PREPARED
To handle all kinds of motor and electrical work
EXPERTS ON AUTOMOBILE
ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT
Batteries, repaired, recharged and rebuilt. Magnetos repaired, recharged.
Generators and starters rewound.
Agents for the Gould Storage Battery. The only guaranteed storage
battery in the market.
The Arizona Battery Charging Co.

J. H. Chilton

Proprietors
Phone 1050221 E. Adams St.

C. H. Reuter

Phoenix Engraving Company

MAKE CUTS THAT PRINT

S. BARRY ROBERTSON
35 East Washington St. Phoenix 1709

Try A Republican Want Ad