THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 10, 1918

INTERSTATE

CAPITOL PEAKS UP BIG VISTA

GUTNEMER CROWN,
NOW FITS TOMMY
FASHION'S MANDATES FOR SPRING
SHOWN IN STYLE SHOPS' WINDOWS

PAGE TWO

1

BE EM III
T1FI DIE

When the drive for the third stamps is begun on Thursday, February 7, binary in the sinking of the Lusitania will be made to stand out prominently. "Remember the Lusitania" is the slogan adopted by the committees of El Paso in charge of the campaign for the state-wide sale of the day. It is believed that like the older slogan, "Remember the Maine," it will result in an outburst of impressive war work that is bound to bring success to the courts of those directing the campaign.

In Phoenix the entire day will be given over to the celebration of the day. In the morning there will be a big parade, followed by addresses by Judge J. P. Cobb of Texas and Special Food Administrator Representative Philon H. of the Central school ground. In the afternoon hundreds of citizens will be engaged in the work of selling stamps throughout the city. And in the evening there will be another parade and fireworks.

In the parade in the morning, which starts shortly after 9 o'clock from Fifth avenue and Washington Street, there will be several hundred students from the Indian school, from the city schools, the Boy Scouts, fraternal organizations, various labor unions and the Phoenix Trades Council, Col. Rynning and members of the Phoenix police reserves. Fire Chief Wright and city firemen, and fire fighting apparatus, A. V. Thompson, city manager, and other city employees, contingents of Chinese and Japanese citizens, colored men of Phoenix, Spanish-American citizens and between fifty-five and thirty beautifully decorated floats. The Indian school and Pioneer bands will furnish music for the occasion. A feature will be a photograph-made reproduction of the British flag.

Scores of business men have already enlisted for the work. In addition a committee of women has also been formed, consisting of Mrs. Selim Michelson, general chairman; Mrs. C. B. Keed and Mrs. H. K. Leauclainp, assistants; Miss Henrietta Ilncy, Mrs. C. F. Ainsworth and Mrs. John Dunlap.

This committee has been asked to individually secure the services of other women. It was reported last evening that each had agreed to secure twenty other workers and that in not one instance had a member of the committee met with refusal from those asked to assist. They will establish booths downtown in the hotels and on the streets and sell stamps throughout the day.

At the Friday evening meeting of the Knights of Pythias all members of the Pythian lodge, together with all members of the Dokes, were directed to join in participation in the big parade in the morning. All members, uniformed as far as possible, are directed to meet at the K. of P. hall at 10 o'clock on the morning of the parade. Visiting members are also urged to be present. This order was issued by K. T. Harrison, chancellor commander of the Pythians, and J. H. Schumacher, royal visitor of the Dokes.

STEELING
IN USE

The Salt River Valley Water Users' association must furnish water to Edward C. Stelle for the current season and upon payment, while the suit brought by Stelle against the association is pending, according to a ruling made by Judge Lyman Vesterday. The case will not be set for trial until the call of the calendar the first Monday in March and in the meantime and until the final determination of the case Stelle will have the use of water on his lands in the Gilbert district.

Stelle contends that the association has discriminated against him. As owner of class B land he holds that he has a prior right to water over class C land under the Kent decree, and that it has been denied him, and furnished to class C land owners.

FLYER IS KILLED
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
FORT WORTH, Tex., Feb. 6. Cadet Joseph Daniel Brunson, age 21, of the Royal Flying Corps, was killed this afternoon when the plane in which he was flying fell from a height of 300 feet. His home was in New Brunswick, Canada.

But, in which the state corporation commission, aided by a couple of attorneys and representatives of two oil companies, engaged yesterday, developed from what was expected to be an insignificant and apparently innocent and uninteresting inquiry into a double session of extreme heat, during which much soiled linen was laundered, personal violence threatened and no ground gained in running down the source of the alleged rumor.

That the Home Oil Company, which had made application to the corporation commission for authority to sell stock, would not be able to "get by" the commission unless a certain person was "seen" who was said to have influence with the members of the commission was the alleged rumor.

After a few hours of inquiry, more or less acrimonious, the best that could be learned was that apparently somebody had stated that he had heard it whispered somewhere that his second cousin's wife's niece had dreamed that her sister's nephew's father had a letter from his uncle's cousin's son in the trenches in France in which he had intimated that just before he left home he had overheard his brother's chum on the street repeat a rumor he had heard somewhere that his cousin had there it was left.

K. S. Logan, an oil man recently from Los Angeles and president of the Home Oil Company which has made application for permission to sell its stock in Arizona, had heard rumors, so he stated, that his company would not be able to "get by" the commission, and that if it did, it would be necessary first to "see" a certain party, connected with the Arizona Oil and Refining Company who was rumored to have influence with the members of the corporation commission. Mr. Logan went to the commission offices yesterday to find out, if possible, if there were truth in the issuing of the permit.

There the trouble started. The members of the commission did not relish the insinuation of the rumor, stated by Mr. Logan, to be in existence, to the effect that anyone had influence with them, and an inquiry was at once initiated which lasted nearly all day.

Hubert S. Fisher, an attorney, was present to represent Mr. Logan, while Benton Dick was there in the same capacity for Weldon Irvin, who was the person, the rumor is alleged to have stated, whom it was necessary first to "see" before the Home Oil Company could get a permit.

The fireworks soon started between Irvin and Fisher and with all rules evidently suspended, alleged family history was spread on the record with apparent abandon. The personnel of the other oil company also was scored by Attorney Fisher who said he got his information from a California oil man. All in all, it was a remarkable "hearing." The most disgusted one of them all was Reporter Billpowskl who had to take it all down.

But the affair is not to end there.
"If there have been any irregularities of any member of the staff of the corporation commission," said Chairman F. A. Jones of the commission, bringing a halt to it all, "we should know them without delay. Therefore, I believe we should make an investigation of the investment department from the inception of the law creating it to the present time and to chair house. There have been rumors for several years connecting different members of the commission, and it doesn't set well with me to have the president of this company harbor any opinion that outsiders have influence with this commission.

"Therefore, we are going to hold this matter open for further investigation, and if we wish to hear from any of you in regard to this you will be notified."

ADAMS STREET WINDOW OF SWITZER'S STYLE SHOP

TRANSPORTS TO BE
MADE UNSINKABLE
BY NEW METHODS
(Continued from Page One)

The scheme as approved, would put an end to the submarine menace. He did not enter into details. Other members of the board, including Thomas Robbins, its secretary and Frank J. Sprague, a member of the committee on submarines, took issue with Mr. Saunders that the solution of the "U" boat menace had been reached.

RUMANIA SENDS
MINISTER TO U. S.

VIRGINIA FORGETS WAR

Republican A. P. Leased Wire
RICHMOND, Va., Feb. 9. For the first time in the history of the state, the Virginia legislature arranged today to observe Lincoln's birthday anniversary next Tuesday. The legislators will go to Camp Lee and take part in a patriotic celebration.

Where Confidence Lies

ASSOCIATION, Feb. 9. Announcement by Vice Chairman Saunders of the naval consulting board that means had been found to make troop ships practically unsinkable lends new meaning to the air of confidence with which both American and British naval authorities are facing their task of clearing the seas of U boats. Recently statements by Admiral Jellicoe, formerly first sea lord of the British admiralty, Secretary Daniels and other officials, have indicated a campaign has been mapped out and instrumentalities developed which are expected to curb if not to eliminate the submarines entirely within the next few months. Discussion of the devices developed is deplored by officials here. Investigations and experiments have been guarded closely. High officials have, been free to assert privately, however, their belief the "U" boat would be checked sufficiently by early summer to insure a steady flow of American troops and supplies to Europe, with few incidents such as that of the Tuscania to be anticipated.

"U" Boat "Killed" by August
Admiral Jellicoe went farther than any other official by predicting that the submarines would be "killed" by August. At the same time, however, he warned that heavy ship losses were to be expected up to that time. Secretary Baker has insisted before the senate committee that a million and a half American troops could be taken to France and kept supplied during 1918. His replies to the questions as to where the tonnage for the task was to come from have indicated that there was some information at hand which he did not care to disclose.

Without disclosing any of the new implements that may have been developed to meet the submarine menace, the navy officials have pointed out that all of the lines of effort started when the United States entered the war are now on the point of bearing fruit. Additional destroyers and patrol craft are beginning to come forward rapidly. In some cases more than a year's time has been saved in destroyer construction. Swifter, more heavily armed vessels, fitted with every device that has been evolved are being rushed to the support of Vice Admiral Sims' flotilla.

Complete Mobilization
With the complete mobilization of all these agencies against an enemy already severely hampered by the skill and daring of American and British patrol fleets, it is pointed out that greater repression of the submarines is certain to follow, even if no master weapon has been evolved. At the same time, however, it is evident, even without Mr. Saunders' statement that various important mechanical devices have been brought to a high state of perfection and will play a large part in the warfare.

Destroyers equipped with depth bombs have been rated as the most efficient foe of the submarine. The number of destroyers, the effectiveness of the bombs used and the means of hurling these charges, have all been increased. Ways of determining the hidden foe at increasing range also have been worked out. The technique of this latest phase of naval warfare has also been perfected by the officers and men of the "U" boat hunting fleets.

All of these things, supplemented by what they know of the devices evolved of which nothing has been said, form the basis of which high officers here have said repeatedly that the "U" boats would be curbed this year, probably this spring.

SURVIVOR LIST
FROM TUSCANIA
BEING SENT

IN

(Continued from Page One)

The figures of the Tuscanias survivors bureau there were still held at 101 Americans missing while the British admiralty figures given to the Associated Press in London last night showed 166 souls missing, 147 of them American soldiers, four officers and 143 men. There were 117 American officers and 2,060 men aboard the Tuscania and the admiralty reports among the survivors 33 officers and 1,917 men. The war department's only dispatches put the total missing at 210 of which 113 are American soldiers.

Although officials believed that the survivors list might come through today, they admitted that there was nothing definite in sight which would enable them to relieve the increasing anxiety of relatives and friends.

Hospital Holds 81 Men

A cablegram received by the navy department yesterday announced that 76 officers and 1,274 enlisted men of the army had been landed at Buncrana, Ireland, that 91 soldiers are in hospitals in Londonderry, while 70 officers and men are at ports in Islay, Scotland.

The list of survivors from the Tuscania

Partial Hospital List
AN IRISH PORT, Feb. The correspondent of the Associated Press, who visited the sick and injured Americans confined in hospitals in two widely separated Irish seaports today, found them progressing favorably. In fact, many of the men had been discharged from the hospitals and had rejoined their comrades in camp.

There was only one dangerously ill out of a total of 100 in five hospitals a lumberjack from the southwest, who was suffering from pneumonia as a result of exposure.

There were a remarkably small number of injured men, about a dozen. They received fractures of legs or arms by getting caught between the life boats. The majority of the men are suffering from mumps, measles or pneumonia, of which there were many cases aboard when the Tuscania was torpedoed.

The correspondent found the Americans comfortable and cheerful. The townspeople at both places have done and are doing everything to assist the local authorities in giving the best possible attention to the Americans, who are loud in their praise of the courtesies extended on every hand.

Many Seriously Ill
Following are the names of sick or injured Americans confined in two hospitals in one Irish port:

Warren A. Blackman, Carl K. Nys, George S. McLean, William P. Venable, Harry Benedict, Julius Lewis, Sidney E. Landrum, Glen B. Deison, William J. Lee, Karl Hickley, Walter S. Valinnes, F. Purdy Fry, John N. Stinson, Carl Holer, Charles L. Pillingham, William Pope, John F. Kings, H. A. Sawyer, K. W. Ulaker, George K. Seheartz, H. L. Sustis, Virgil Brewer, Charles C. Stoward, Glove C. R. Gove, Paul Cosaiors, Wesley L. McCauley Walker, Charles J. R. Policy, John L. Pone, Otto P. Hodge, W. K. Able, William Christianson, Peter Leer, Archie McCraeken, Lewis P. Carlisle, William E. Lancaster, Mark T. Gibson, Lewis D. Baker, William Griffith, Willie P. Leukine, Clinton Dolph, Cecil Duke, Francis Hughes, Lester L. Smith, Jake Roseman, Richard John Son, Howard Kenyon, Andrew C. Anderson Nelson, Warren K. McCarty, Charles W. McIntosh, Lester McKenna, Christopher Henry Humpsy.

From Another Hospital
The names of 47 sick and injured American troops confined in three hospitals at a port on the Irish northeast coast follow:

Basil G. Bailey, Brun E. Bluhm, William C. Brady, Samuel Comu, Charles Lemuel Davis, Earl Wilder Drake, John Fuller, Myron Nelson Hayes, Elmer T. Holden, Lloyd Y. Kolb, Arthur William LigS, Joseph Emmett McDonald, Robert J. Moody, Albert I. Nuamin, John Bencbeados, Henry Stanley Purkeson, Armando Bustichl, Leslie Dale, Carl L. Disouke, Samuel H. Eddins, Harrison Bal, Silva Hensley, Hallie M. Hosclton, Lee Hall, Tarence T. Neashim, Rex C. Orser, Lawrence Nathaniel Riley, Herbert D. Taylor, John Kumorowsky, Edward James Peteman, Roman Sandav, Gus Johnson, Olive Cule, Charles Hornecker, Clarence Johnson, William Douglas Pine, George A. Surlen, Roy Houston Redding, Witham B. Curtis, John R. Thelgley, George Richard Baker, James C. McAdain, Charles Smith, Roland Edward Duncan.

Greeted Along Route
All the American survivors from the Tuscania, with the exception of about 140 sick or injured and a party of 142 who landed in Scotland, today, were quartered in two military camps.

To a majority of the men the overland journey from the northern coast, where they were brought ashore, was their first ride in the toy-like native trains and they thoroughly enjoyed it. The news had spread through the countryside that the Americans were coming in special trains and at each little railway station groups of farmer folk had gathered to catch a glimpse of the troops and waved a friendly greeting, to which the Americans were constantly making acknowledgment. Scottish troops piped the Americans from the railway to the camps.

Captain Wells and Smith, of the American Red Cross, who had visited as many of the landing places as was physically possible, followed the men to camp, where they helped to distribute funds to the American officers and will see that all the men are properly outfitted. A complete issue of clothing was made to each officer and man, the outfits came from British stores on orders from quartermasters and captains, and payment is guaranteed by the Red Cross. Besides clothing each man was presented with a razor and shaving brush.

British Share Clothing
The American officers were the hardest hit. All lost their kits and the large part of men uniforms which, unlike the privates, they must obtain at their own expense. As for the enlisted men, townspeople everywhere invariably refused to accept payment for purchases by them.

Passing through Belfast many of the privates found it hard to be "broke" for the first time in their lives.

TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY

I HAVE several hundred dollars to invest in a going business. Please give full details in first letter. Box 321, Republican.

WANTED Party to put in 10 or 100 acres cotton on shares: must have some money or equipment: no weeds or Bermuda. Box 111, Republican.

FOR SALE
Two-room furnished
southeast front room, private entrance, bath adjoining, no sick. 925 N. 15th St.

FOR SALE BY OWNER
Kit modern brick residence, five rooms, bath and screen porch. Evergreen Heights, furnished or unfurnished. To see phone 3777.

FOR SALE
American Beauty rose bushes for sale reasonable. Phone 100.

FOR SALE
New Ford touring car.

STRAYED one black cow, branded H on left hip, dehorned. If found phone 1370 and receive reward.

FOR SALE Four head thoroughbred Holstein calves and one pair 4-year-old mules and harness. Call phone 111.

FOR SALE
Two-room furnished front room with good board for two. $12 West Washington St.

TALC

CONTEEL

A WOMAN has to breathe the fragrance of Jonteel, the New Odor of twenty-six flowers, only ones to know it is a perfume that is rare and expensive.

You expect its price to be forbiddingly high. But you are astonished and delighted to find that Talc Jonteel sells at a price no higher than that of ordinary powders. Try it today.

Face Powder
Jonteel 50c

Talc wanted
25c
Combination
Cream Jonteel 50c

CENTRAL PHARMACY
100 W. Washington, Phoenix
Inside block "Phones: 1091, 1777