ir9

n-rrrn " JfflMrnPiHii wmi .. ,

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: WEDNESDAY MORNING, JULY 19, 1893.

s ' wrfflHI

Mesa Department.

MESA CITY, ARIZONA, JULY 19, 1893.

qX EVERYBODY IS

nicivrrr Made

A BREWER.

Man Who Tried to Make Beer.

"Anybody can make beer," said John
Logan, a shrewd Philadelphian. "All
you have to do is to get a barrel and
put stuff in and let it work." So
Logan got an empty barrel and a recipe
for making beer. He threw in a whole
pail of hops, three bucketfuls of yeast,
20 pounds of sugar, half a bushel of
coarsely ground barley and corn meal.
Then he filled up the barrel with boiling
water, closed the bunghole tight
and let the beer to work. It worked,
says the Brewers’ Review. Logan and
his wife and children were sitting at
supper, a cat was purring near the
kitchen stove, a dog was snoring in the
sun. Suddenly the house shook,
there was a rumbling of thunder, a
crash of glass, the howling of a dog
and wailing of a cat; a rain of some
sort—then all was still. The family
rushed to the kitchen. There lay
staves and barrel heads scattered
all over the place, from the ceiling
and the walls there was dripping
oozing a slimy liquid, and the frag
ments of crockery and glassware were
strewn over the floor. Under the table
lay a dead dog; the cat had disap
peared. Next door to Logan’s house
was a china store. The show cases
were broken and the chinaware
smashed. The owner of the store de
manded one hundred dollars to cover his
loss. Two days before the experiment
Logan refused an offer of one hundred
dollars for the dog.

DOES FREEZING

KILL FISHES?

Practical Test of This Inter
esting Question.

A number of live perch were secured
and placed in water at the ice manu
factory, says the New Haven Register,
and the water was put in the process
of crystallization. It requires about
forty hours to freeze a cake of ice, and
during this time the fish were watched
to ascertain the effect of the intense
cold which surrounded them. They
were alive and continued to swim in
the water until their confines were so
narrowed that they had no space in
which to move. The ice in its freezing
process begins at the outside and
works in toward the center, so the space
in which the fish had their liberty was
gradually narrowed down until the
creatures were encased and the water around
them froze, pinioning them tightly in
the folds.
Each fish when the cake was com
pleted was as natural as life, its fins
and tail being spread as they were
while in the act of swimming. The
cake of ice containing the fish was
placed on exhibition, and numerous
wagers involving several hundred dollars
were made as to the outcome of the
experiment. The cake was left intact
for a day or so and then cut open and
the fish taken out and placed in water
where they were left for some time, and of
the five fishes which were originally
frozen in the cake none of them exhibited
any return to life so far as can be defi
nitely determined except one, and
whether this one was indeed alive is
open to conjecture. After being placed
in water this one fish, it is asserted,
moved from the position in which it
was placed and assumed an entirely
different position which it is believed
the fish made itself. However, as no
one saw the movement it is taken that
the death of the remaining fish is proof
that this one fish was also
dead and that the change of position
was the result of something else than
life in the fish.

AN UNLUCKY MAIL CAR.

No. 800 Is a Veritable Terror to the Erie
Railway Men.

Railroad men, as a rule, are far from
being superstitious, but there is a cer
tain mail car on the Erie railroad
which trainmen always dread to have
in their train. This car, which is re
garded with such a superstitious dread,
is mail car No. 800. On account of the
disasters in which this car has been,
it is kept at the
shops except when it is absolutely
needed on the line. This car, accord
ing to the Chicago Tribune, has a
record which perhaps no other car in
existence can equal. Not this car
alone but all its predecessors bearing
the same number have met with dis
aster.

In the great disaster at Tioga Center
fourteen years ago, mail car No.
800 was wrecked and burned. A new
No. 800 was soon afterward built at the car
factory shops. After being in a num
ber of minor wrecks, it went down the
steep bank at Shohola a few years ago
in one of the worst wrecks the road has
ever experienced. The remains of this
fated car were burned and a new
one bearing the same number was built
in the Buffalo car shops. For a short
time the bright, new car ran from one
end of the road to the other in safety,
and the trainmen began to lose their
fear of it when it was in their train.
The luck was short-lived, however, and
it has been in nearly every serious
wreck the road has had since. A little
over a week ago train No. 13 ran off the
track at a switch. As was expected,
the car was on the train.
Recently there was a wreck near
Lackawaxen. A railroad man at that
station the day of the wreck, in talk
ing to some passengers, said: “I’ll bet
800 is in the train.” When the train
had been put on the track and pulled
slowly into the station the railroad
man said: “There, I told you so.” Sure
enough there was the mail car with
the unlucky 800 in big figures on its
sides. These three figures are a terror
to every man on the road, and until
the car is laid up for good the railroad
men say frequent wrecks may be looked
for.

Judicial Proceedings.
Smith—What were you up in court
for yesterday?
Jones—Nothing much. The judge
and me just had a little chat together,
that’s all. Texas Siftings.

Needed Strength.
Young Wife—I am surprised to have
a strong man like you ask bread of me.
Weary Wanderer (with dignity)—
Madam, if I were not a strong man I
should not ask for your bread. Judge.

Cows Who Wear Blue Spectacles.
Cows that wear blue spectacles just
like Boston schoolma’ams! Here’s a
topic for Bill Nye to exercise his wild
est hilariousness upon. A story comes
from Moravia to the effect that all the
cows in that part of the country are
“humped in the rail fence corners
chewing their cuds with great blue
spectacles fastened before their eyes.”
It seems that the ground in that coun
try has been covered with snow since
the latter part of October. Nearly
every day has been clear and cold, the
reflection of the sunlight from the
snow being very disastrous to the eyes
of both man and beast. Thousands of
cattle went entirely blind before the
attention of the government director
of agriculture was called to the fact.
That gentleman, Dr. Verincourt, rec
ommended blue spectacle glasses, set
in wooden or wire frames, and the re
sult is that thousands of cows are now
roaming about over the Moravian pas
tures looking too sedate and learned
for anything.

Alex Trrrpel, Mining Engineer and Metal
lurgist.
Alfred L. Trrrpel, Civil Engineer, Deputy
County Surveyor, and U. S. Deputy
Land Surveyor.

Trrrpel & Soennt,
Do all kinds of
Architectural, Mining and Civil Engineering.
Contracts taken for buildings and estimates
furnished for all work. Hydraulic and canal
work a specialty.
Office Pomeroy Block, MESA CITY.

RESTAURANT.
MORSE & BIDWELL, Props.

Will serve good meals at
the Superstition Mining Camp at

50 cents per Meal and $1.00 per Day.

MESA ADVERTISEMENTS.  MESA ADVERTISEMENTS.

Livery.

A GARDEN SPOT.

Central Restaurant
E. I. LONG, Prop.
First-class meals served from

7 a.m., 12 to 1:30 p.m.,
and from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m.
Mesa City,
Ariz.

Joinnsen, Hines & Co., have just
received a large and well selected stock
of men’s, boys’ and ladies’ shoes.
Don’t fail to avail yourselves of their
low prices.
Patterson & Brundage Bros., are the
first on the grounds with a full line of
groceries, men’s wear and shoes etc., at
the Superstition mining camp. Come
and visit us and save money.

Go to Forster and Culver’s and have
your harness, etc., repaired.

Have your washing and
ironing done
at Young Kee laundry.

Go to Shew Ying restaurant for meals.

MESA PAINT SHOP.

For all kinds of
PAINTING
AND
DECORATING.
First-Class Work and Reasonable Prices.
L. W. JOHNSON, Prop.

BRILLIANT JR.,
Is a handsome French Percheron horse; dark
dapple, 15 ½ hands high, 6 years old and weighs
1,510 lbs. Brilliant Jr., was sired by Brilliant,
dam, Charlotte. Brilliant is out of Countess,
and he is of Louis Napoleon.
Brilliant Jr., will make the season of 1893 at
follows:
Monday, Tuesday and Friday will be at my
ranch, 4 miles south and 1 mile east of Tempe.
Wednesday and Thursday at Jones Bros., 3
blocks southwest of Mesa P. O.
Saturday at Schureman & Singletary’s livery
stable, Tempe.
Season will be from
MARCH 15 UNTIL JULY 15.
Terms $15.00 with
the usual return privilege.
Mares pastured during season at $1.00 per
month. No barb wire fence. No work done on
Sunday.
M. L. DUFFEY, Owner.

Inducements Offered
By the South Side to
Homeseekers.

The Consolidated is the largest of the great canals of
the south side. The system now consists of 40 miles of main
canal; 75 miles of main laterals and 150 miles of smaller
laterals so distributed that 100,000 acres of land may be
irrigated.

Besides this great system the following canals with
underlying territory must be considered: The Highland
canal, 20 miles, 15,000 acres; the Mesa canal, 10 miles, 20,
000 acres; the Utah, 10 miles, 20,000 acres; the Tempe, 15
miles, 30,000.
The entire region about Mesa derives its life from these
systems which are also contributory in the highest de
gree to the agricultural prosperity of the country around
Tempe.
There is a rapidly spreading belief that that part of the
valley in which these two flourishing towns are located is
the garden spot of Arizona and developments justify the
growing belief.
It is not improper in this connection to describe briefly
the grounds upon which this belief is based and the natural
reasons why it is so.

The country about Mesa will probably within the next
ten years enjoy the widely circulated distinction of being the
most productive fruit-growing region in the United States
as it is now known to be the chief fruit belt of the valley.
It differs sufficiently in altitude from the rest of the
valley to insure semi-tropical fruits against danger from
frost always imminent in the most favored regions of Cali
fornia.
The altitude is 81.6 feet higher than Tempe and 172
feet above Phoenix, rendering it somewhat cooler than either
place in summer and slightly warmer in winter.
Vineyards dot the country in every direction and hun
dreds of broad acres are set to oranges, almonds, dates, etc.
Mesa City, the center of this lovely region, is an ideal village
of 1200 people, situated 6.8 miles east of Tempe and about
17 miles from Phoenix.
The business and commercial interests include one
bank, seven general merchandise stores, one hardware store,
two blacksmith shops, one lumber yard and two saloons.
The buildings are of a good character and become
more pretentious yearly. As might be expected in such a
community there are excellent church and school facilities
and the town is sufficiently metropolitan to support a small
opera house.

Communication is maintained with the neighboring
cities of Tempe and Phoenix by means of two daily stages.
Three miles east of Mesa City is the prosperous village
of Lehi, among whose other industries and features is a
creamery, the best in Arizona and known throughout the
territory.
The mesa proper extends to the river, four miles north
of Mesa City; on the south it is almost limitless, a stretch
of country which within ten years will be known as the
Garden Spot of America.