VOL. XV. NO. 15.
.'.
r
153 731F?j!5 ISJ!
i
t
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SATURDAY MORNING, JUNE 22, 1901 - - 
'2
'
..ST

1 JHBWPiWwRfwW i&,'x&sL- ,w, 'rfaMmts&?'

H!WSMffiBPwsraHW'Hd MBsKftJSffiawM $- - iwiiMSWI fP

?u. w r . ra? . v .i-Jsr ,5,Tan:s?:ni'si.ivri-'JY-3tjr irpjmmwj .nr.TtxEr.x" JWScwaswTO.Kflwzi?k.,s,s2rr js 'hje 7 ivr, HBtiiMawm.! " nrs is ' jxa-" P35 j-. rT'-'' "r'-ri.' "" MK'.;-'iB5KW.5Di riE5iJr,''ttT xi -j'iS "" . 3n:" &i ' ..

p

The Arizona Republican

O. W. VICKERS,
S. M. McCOWAN...
HARVEY J. LUD..
J. W. SPEAR

..General Manager
..Managing Editor
..Business Manager
., Associate Editor

The Arizona Publishing Company

Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press In Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes In Arl-
zona.

Publication office: 36-38 East Adams
street. Telephone No. 471.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.

the unfranchised Cuban will have the
opportunity of selecting those who are
to govern them,

Subscription rates.
By mail, daily, one year $9.00
Weekly, one year........ $2.00
Cash in advance.

BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month..

$1.75

TERRITORIAL OFFICIALS
Governor ........................ N. O. Murphy
Territorial Secretary . . C. H. Akers
Territorial Treasurer . T. W. Pemberton
Territorial Auditor O. V. Vickers
Supt. of Public Instruction.. H. L. Long
Chief Justice ...Winter Street
Associate Justices,
K. K. ???, George H. Davis, Fletcher M. Doan
Attorney General . . . . . C. F. Ainsworth

union()laoi

PHOENIX, ARIZONA JUNE 22, 1901.

Don't leave the city for mountain
or beach without having The Re
publican accompany you. You will
be lonesome without it.
It is not likely that any govern
ment for Cuba will be established before the United States.
THE CONGRESS ASSEMBLES IN
DECEMBER, SO THAT THERE
WILL BE OPPORTUNITY FOR
ANY ADDITIONAL LEGISLA
TION THAT MAY BE NECESSARY BEFORE THE
AMERICAN GOVERNMENT RELINQUISHES
CONTROL OF THE ISLAND.
With the acceptance by the Cuban
convention of the Platt amendment
without change or alteration from the
form in which it was adopted by con
gress, practically nothing remains to
make the constitution unsatisfactory.

June is the month of roses, late days
and graduation exercises. The season
referred to the sweet kiss of
sense graduate and utilized
and by the aspiring youth.
Graduates, for his time for going
forth into the battle of
life has almost passed. Graduation oratory and millinery have been abroad
in the land. Incidentally it is worth
mentioning, that there has been a
notable change in the character of the
graduation exercises of the more prom
inent schools of the country within the
past decade. Many years ago the
leading universities of the country
abolished the old type of graduation
day exercises with its salutatorian,
historian, poet, orator, and valedic
torian chosen from the class and ever
since have brought forward in
the principal feature of the occasion
some prominent statesman or scholar
to address the class and the assem
bled audience of relatives and friends,
though we believe that the old custom
was retained in part in the commence
ment exercises of our Phoenix schools.
This reform has now extended to
nearly all of the secondary schools,
both public and private, throughout the
country, high schools, institutes, and
professional and technical schools so
that the occasion has become one of
vastly different import. Instead of be
ing a parting exhibition of the pupils,
it is now utilized as a final opportunity
of giving the young graduate either a
little wholesome good advice, or possi
bly a little insight into some realm of
knowledge or experience outside the
range of his school curriculum. The
tendency to flatter the graduate and

, : TELEPHONE, RED 3851 : :
HOTEL CLARENDON.
123 Rooms; 30 beautiful suites
with private baths; perfect electric lights
Hot and cold water throughout.
A first-class European Hotel.
RATES. 50c A DAY AND UP.
--C8 S. Hill Street, Corner Fourth,
Los Angeles, Cal.

hotel savoy :

Second and Third Floors.

PHONE PETER 8731 .

343-345
S. Spring Street.

Ninth and Broadway. Over Broadway Dept. Store.

Newly furnished rooms.
Good, Special Rates by Week or Month.

Newly Furnished Rooms.
P.O. Special Rates by Week or
M. GUYAS, Manager.

WITH PURE MOUNTAIN WATER AT
AVALON
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND

Under conditions prevailing last year. Dozens of swift power launches
for fishing and excursions. Tuna Club tournament now on. Our Marine
Band, including Chas. Streeper of St. Louis, cornetist, and other soloists of
national reputation. The best golf links. The aquarium, containing hun
dreds of living wonders of the deep. Boating and bathing over Nature's most
wonderful marine gardens as seen at great depth through smooth, trans
parent waters. Catalina offers attractions not possible at other resorts.
Daily steamer service. Hotel Metropole always open. Take Southern Pa
cific or Salt Lake Route trains leaving Los Angeles daily at 8:05 and 8:50
a. m. respectively. Fare, round trip from Los Angeles, excursion, $2.00; reg
ular, $2.75. Banning Co., 222 S. Spring St., Los Angeles. Phone Main 36.

HOTEL BALTIMORE

EUROPEAN PLAN

Elegant suites with private baths.

Thirty-ninth and Hill Streets. Reached by all cars.
Rooms modern and first-class; free baths; convenient to
restaurants and all places of interest. 451 south Spring Street.

He-
Entrance, 380 S. Hill.
Furnished new throughout; new ornament; free
baths; hot and cold water; electric lights; cars to all
parts. Convenient to restaurants and all places of in
terest. Rooms $1.50 to $3.00 per day.
MRS. L. E. HARTALAN, Prop.

OX

mm mm

that the possessor can do anything; two afterward one Maynkavulu. find in the. though the chief "theit of the
conduits of the avenues of opportunity celerly met at the negotiations pava been The constltutlon a healthful piu8tlon Oh, chades of Lobengula and thy witch
to a large extent are controlled by the conducted informally through Major- has lately been the chief of the Mu- doctors, how have your powers been
telephone, and it now out of doubt that j General Wood, the governor-general of Cuba,
what is before him is not all for the asking, that whatever he reaches for there will be others grasping at the same object, and the man with the longest arm will get it.

the governor of the convention, and the administration of the war depart-
ment has been kept advised of every step taken by the convention, and the administration of the office of secretary will be a business-like one, and that Mr. Stoddard will emerge from his official life with all the good wishes that attend him now that he is entering upon it.

This electoral law has already been
drawn and has received the approval
of the administration. Should it pass
in its present form the Cuban republic
will be a fact, except for the election
of officers and the inauguration thensim
selves. They may not desire to have the troops taken away until a military or constabulary force for the maintenance of public order has demonstrated its efficiency.

The governor says that dreamers are
the thing crooked in their public career of
the Hon. Philander C. Knox, attorney
general of the United States. It has
been entertained that Mr. Knox has left
bought a $15,000 residence, and that
his salary is only $3,000 a year. Having
served only a little more than a
month the evening contemporary won
dered how these things can be. There
might be a presumption that Mr. Knox
went into office broke.

June Is the month of roses...
(Repeated above)

Hon. Rane T. Stoddard, the new sec-
retary of the territory, will enter upon
his duties backed by the good wishes
of the people of Arizona.
SECRETARY Mr. Stoddard has been
more of a factor in the prosperity of Arizona than he has been
in its politics, but he has been as much
of a politician as good citizenship requires. He has been in politics, as in
business, always reliable and faithful
to his friends. Those opposed to him
have always been aware of an active
but honest enemy. It is safe to predict now, as it is sure to be said four
years from today, that the administration of the office of secretary will be a
business-like one, and that Mr. Stoddard will emerge from his official life
with all the good wishes that attend him now that he is entering upon it.

It is pleasant to con
trast the medical in
efficiency which said
"I could not be
cured" with the
prompt and perman
ent cure effected by
the use of Doctor
Pierce's Favorite
Prescription. This
great medicine for
women establishes
regularity, dries up
weakening drains, heals
inflammation and ul
ceration and cures
female weakness.
"I take great pleasur
in recommending Dr.
Pierce's medicines to
other suffering women,"
writes Mrs. Mary Adams,
of Beavercock, Ashe
Co., N. C. "I had internal trouble very badly
until it resulted in ulcers
of the womb. I was
troubled with it so that
I did not sleep a night
for seven long
weeks."

That prolonged period of sleeplessness is most expressive of the pain and suffering caused by womanly diseases, and these upstart complaints to women have led many to seek relief where none was possible until Dr. Pierce's medicines were used.

Rooms 121-323
McDowell Block.

WW

RUPTURE
Can be permanently cured by DR FRANKLIN
& CO. Our cure is a new discovery by Dr
Franklin, and in a permanent, painless, safe and
quick method. No knife, no injections and no de
tention from business. Treatment by mail. Cor-
respondence solicited.

DR. FRANKLIN & CO.
Los Angeles, Cal.

226'S So. Spring
Street,

THE LINES OF DESTINY

Look at the lines of
your hand. They
and Mrs. Cas, the lady who has been crowned successfully the hand of America
will translate those lines ac-

cording to personal call to insure prompt service. Prices moderate, best city references.
MRS. LOUIS BASE,
Suite 117 Heilman block.
Second and Broadway, LOS ANGELES, CAL.

"It is said at Washington that the

The governor of the convention has been able to follow its working through Major-General Wood, the governor-general of Cuba, and the war department has been kept advised of every step taken by the convention, and the administration of the office of secretary will be a business-like one, and that Mr. Stoddard will emerge from his official life with all the good wishes that attend him now that he is entering upon it.

The Yorke
Rooms
Hot and
Cold Baths

Corner Main and Second streets, Los Angeles, California

Furnished throughout; central location. Modern conveniences. Strictly family and transient hotel at moderate prices. Rooms large, cool, and finely
furnished. Entrance 380 S. Hill Street.

THE NARRAGANSETT
Modern and first-class; free baths; convenient to
railroads and restaurants.

HOTEL ROSSLYN

The best appointed hotel at reasonable prices
in Los Angeles, California, situated on Main
directly opposite the U.S. Postoffice.
Modern conveniences; new and clean.
Accommodations for 200 guests. Rates
American plan $1.00 per day and up. European
plan moderate. Central location. Pleasant family
and transient hotel. Terms reasonable. Thos. T.
Nicols, Proprietor.

AFRICA AND THE TELEPHONE

The utility of the telephone has already impressed the chiefs of the Mu- that cattle were those that the governor
vicinal district. Some cattle were lost lar, and are inclined to be suspicious of its utility in the general branches of commercial
life. A large force has just arrived here with six head of
cattle. He says he has bought them.
Oh, Charles of Lobengula and thy witch
doctors, how have your powers been
surpassed! It is a very far stretch
from those observations. Their observation is made by the governor in an article to an
eastern church paper in opposition to
summer vacations.

STANLEY OPPOSES VACATIONS.

Governor Stanley of Kansas doesn't

think that men engaged in teaching, or
those in similar vocations, should have
prolonged summer vacations. He says
they are more in need of rest than when they
started out. Their observation is made by the governor in an article to an
eastern church paper.

The battleship Illinois,
The accomplishments of the battleship Illinois gives the people
of Chicago something new to blow
about.

NOTICE HOUSE
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
RATES: $1.25 to $3.50 per day. Latter with
private baths. Rooms $1.00 up.
The most familiar hotel in Los Angeles for
Arizona people. Has just added a third story
and now contains 175 rooms, all newly fur
nished, with running water and elevator.
Thirty with private baths.
Free Bus To and From All Trains.

Trunks, Bags, Suit Cases.
Send for new Catalogue,

D. O. WHITNEY & SONS.

It is surprising to many people that
the battleship Illinois should make a
better rate of speed than the Ohio.

It seems as though the Hon.
Bill Chandler was a trifle laxity in
coughing up that obligation.

There are army scandals once in
awhile which seem to smell a great deal
worse than cambric-cut beef.

The Kansas City woman just coming
east of murder seems to have been a
new facet drawn and taken him and
Lulu in more ways than one.

ask him to pick out what he wants in the
world to give him and take possession
thereof, has largely evaporated in the
latter days also. The practical, hard-
headed men who are now frequently
called in to talk to the graduate are
quite inclined to tell him in terms as
plain as are consistent with reasonable
politeness, that the world is a place in
which a man is judged not by his diploma, but by what he
is able to do.

TELEPHONE, RED 3851 :
HOTEL CLARENDON.
123 Rooms; 30 beautiful suites
with private baths; perfect electric lights
Hot and cold water throughout.
A first-class European Hotel.
RATES. 50c A DAY AND UP.
--C8 S. Hill Street, Corner Fourth,
Los Angeles, Cal.

WHILE IN THE CITY VISIT

the latest steel engraving Portraits made only
and first introduced by this Studio.

Worldwide reputation for high grade
work. Medal awarded from Paris Expo
sition, World's Fair, and first prize
Call and see our collection of the latest style pictures-
gold medal at Midwinter Fair, San
Diego.

STUDIO 717 S. Spring St., Los Angeles

DON'T FORGET

While on your visit to Los Angeles for the best
fish, oysters, steaks,
chops, etc., call on PALAZZO'S, the best
known Cafe on the Pacific Coast. 110 W. Third St.
RELIABLE AND EXPERIENCED DRUGGISTS.
Manufacturers of Laxative Cakions
Phone 311, Main 889. Mail orders a specialty.

MRS. S. L. BOWKER, Prop

HOTEL NADEAU

First and Spring Streets.,
LOS ANGELES.

COMING FREE,
OPTICIAN AND PRACTICAL OPTICIAN.
Eyes tested on premises and prescriptions filled same
day ordered. Tel Main 1012, 3 South Spring Street

Alden V. Thompson, Prop.,

New management;
Rooms

ACME FEATHER WORKS are complete

FREE BUS from all trains to Hotel Kenmore.
Recently renovated throughout. Always open.
New Management. B. F. BARLOW, Prop.
THE GRISWOLD SUITE, fine modern brick; bay windows on
each room; sliding doors running through, and thoroughly modern
Everything in accommodation. Rates $1.00 to $3.00; reduction by the week. See adv. in paper
Open All Seasons. E. POOR and WIFE, Props.
THE BURNAP, centrally located, strictly modern and first class. RATES REASONABLE
THE CALIFORNIAN
222 West Third Street.
Between Spring and Broadway.
Madison Nouvelle THE WITHERBY.
LOS ANGELES, CAL.

KODAKS AND
PHOTO SUPPLIES,
Manufacturers, Co.
411 S. Main Street, Los Angeles, Cal.

THE LOVELL. Long Beach
The Lovell, new, modern, clean and
rooms, cool and pleasant. Rates reasonable. Box 7, Long Beach.

Corrected text continues throughout with advertisements, hotels, and notices adjusted for spelling and typographical errors while preserving original formatting and content as nearly as may be discerned.