2

Arizona Daily Citizen.
PUBLISHED EVERY EVENING EXCEPT SUNDAY BY THE
Citizen Printing and Publishing Company.
MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS.
DAILY—One Year in advance - $5.00
DAILY —Delivered by Carrier, per month ... . 55
WEEKLY —One year in advance ...... 2.00
WEEKLY —Six months in advance 1.00
Entered according to Act of Congress as Second class matter at the post office of
Tucson, Arizona.
NOTICE—This paper will not be responsible for any bills unless contracted
for and signed by the manager.
O’BRIEN MOORE, Editor and General Manager.
JOHN H. BEHAN, Business Manager.
THE SECRETARYSHIP OF THE TERRITORY.
The Republicans of Arizona are in sore bewilderment between
the contending claims of the tribe of Stoddard and the clan of Akers.
The Hon. Charles H. Akers holds the succulent office of secretary of
the territory, and would like muchly to be reappointed for another
term. The Hon. Isaac Taft Stoddard cannot see any good reason why
Akers should be perpetuated in office, especially as Stoddard himself
has a keen desire for the honor and emoluments of the place. For
weeks past Akers who is in, and Stoddard who is trying to get in,
have been chasing through the territory for signatures to petitions
beseeching McKinley for the appointment.
Both Akers and Stoddard are of robust build and comely feature.
Stoddard is a basso and Akers is a tenor. We have no doubt that both
are sufficiently partisan in their political beliefs to creditably acquit
themselves at a party civil service examination conducted by Mark
Hanna. We have no doubt also that the average Arizona Republican
is beginning to feel weary of the persistent fanning of the partisans of
the two self-chosen candidates.

Herein is where The Citizen comes to the front with a suggestion.
Why not drop both Akers and Stoddard and urge the President to appoint a more competent man than either? What’s the matter with
Major James H. McClintock of Phoenix? He is competent, he is true,
he is a reliable Republican. The Republicans prate much about their
patriotism and their reverence and regard for the men who defended
the flag when battle raged. McClintock went to the front. He was
at San Juan Hill with the Rough Riders. He was twice wounded by
Spanish bullets. He cannot compete with Stoddard or Akers in a foot
race because the holes made in his leg by the Spanish invaders are not
yet closed up. But he can discharge the duties of secretary of the
territory with as much ability and efficiency as any man who ever held
the office. We have no doubt that if any considerable number of the
Republicans of Arizona asked President McKinley to appoint Major
McClintock secretary of the territory he would do so. Then the
influence of the vice President could be safely relied upon. Roosevelt,
the dashing, the brilliant, the strenuous Roosevelt, commanded the
regiment in which McClintock served during the war with Spain; and
surely the vice President of the United States ought to have influence
enough with the President to secure the appointment of a capable
man, wearing honorable wounds won in battle, to the office of secretary
of the territory of Arizona. To those Republicans who are weary
of the persistency of Akers and Stoddard we say again, turn to Mc-
Clintock.

President McKinley will not be doing justice to himself nor to
the people of the west, unless he brings along Mark Hanna on that
grand tour of the Pacific coast. Mr. McKinley will have the members
of his cabinet along, but we all know that they are mere creatures.
The people want to see McKinley’s master and creator and consequently he should bring along Hanna.

An observant Washington correspondent states that at the celebration of the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper at one of the Presbyterian
churches in that city last Sunday the elements were passed by
two admirals of the navy, a general of the army, two justices of the
Supreme Court and a former Secretary of State.
LIBERTY-LOVING, ORDERLY ARIZONA.
In the effete east, one hears much of the wild and woolly west.
It is the common belief of most people residing between the Alleghenies and Cape Cod that the far westerner still partakes of a “man for
breakfast” and has no standing in a community like Arizona, for
instance, unless he maintains a private graveyard. To suggest to the
average resident of New York or Massachusetts that an Arizona man
would consider himself fully dressed without a six-shooter in his stern-wheel pocket, would be to expose yourself to ridicule for your
ignorance, or contempt for your mendacity.
Yet it is safe to say that there is no more peaceable and orderly
political division in Uncle Sam’s dominions than his Territory of
Arizona. Here a man who minds his own business can live at peace
with everybody. People are permitted to do as they please so long as
they do not obstruct the liberty or interfere with the peace of their
neighbors. You cannot always insist that your neighbor must do as
you do if you hope to live in tranquility and peace. But the person,
man or woman, who refrains from poking a nose into the business of
people who are not interfering with others, can always be happy if his
or her digestion is good, or there is not an old score unsettled resting
on the conscience.

Take the city of Tucson, for instance, as an illustration of the
effectiveness of simple government. Thomas Jefferson the great
father of Democracy, taught that the least government was the best
government. The city of Tucson, the commercial metropolis of Arizona,
with a permanent population of upwards of 10,000 and always sheltering from 1,000 to 2,500 transients, keeps in employment but two
policemen, one for the day and one for the night. In an eastern city
it would be impossible to fall from a five-story building without hitting a policeman — unless you happened to be looking for him. The
Tucson city jail is empty. The best of order—good-natured, contented order, prevails. The two policemen employed have practically a
sinecure. They are not called upon to make an arrest once a month.
The people are not restrained by rules that chafe or worry. They
can do as they please so long as no one suffers in the pursuit of
liberty, business or happiness. The town is punctuated with saloons.
Whiskey flows night and day. One has to live far out in the suburbs
if he is compelled to walk more than a couple of blocks to reach a
faro or roulette table, an unlimited game of poker, or even these
ductive crap board, beloved of our colored fellow citizens. There are
as many churches per capita in Tucson as in Boston, and we haven’t
any doubt that ministers of religion are as much respected here as in the
Hub. But in Tucson some people like to game and some people like
to pray and it is not good form for one class to interfere with, or criticize
harshly, the tastes of the other. The roll of the roulette wheel
does not disturb the churchgoer, and the church organ does not annoy the faro player.
Arizona is a land of freedom, tolerance and broad-minded good will
among men and women. No where on earth are women more revered and honored than in this land of blue skies and eternal sun. In
no owner of the United States is the life and limb of the peaceable
citizen more secure from violence. One man in a thousand
does not habitually carry a pistol, but if a man wants a pistol very
badly he generally knows where to find one, and he invariably knows
how to use it. Arizona is a land of freedom and toleration and give
and take, and Tucson its chief city, is the best representative of its

ARIZONA DAILY CITIZEN TUCSON, FRIDAY EVENING, APRIL 12, 1901

Exposure
To cold and stormy weather opens the
way to an attack of bronchitis. The
man on the wagon, be he farmer, milkman or truckman, needs to pay special
heed to the first symptoms of weakness or disease of
the organs of respiration.
Medical Discovery
will cure bronchitis, deep-seated
coughs, bleeding of the lungs, and
other conditions which if neglected
and untreated terminate fatally.
There is no alcohol
in the "Discovery."
"For seven years I
had been troubled with
what the doctors called
bronchitis,” writes
Mr. Arthur Maule (general merchant), of Niles
town, Middlesex Co., Ontario. "A year ago, after I had been taken sick with a severe attack, I
began taking your Golden Medical Discovery,’
and rapidly recovered from the attack and felt no
more of it that fall. This season I began taking
the 'Discovery' in August, and have so far been
perfectly well. I can go out in all kinds of
weather and not feel the bronchial trouble at
all. Let me say to all who are suffering from
such complaints to give Dr. Pierce’s Golden
Medical Discovery a fair trial, and I am convinced that good results will be obtained.”
Dr. Pierce’s Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper-bound, is sent free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps, to pay expense of mailing only; or 31 stamps for
the book in cloth binding. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.

LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
Know all Men by These Presents:
That at the annual meeting of stockholders
of the corporation known as “The Eureka
Crude Oil Company," held at the city of Tucson, in the county of Pima, Territory of Arizona, on the 19th day of March, A.D. 1901, as
provided by law, the following amendments
to the Articles of Incorporation were regularly,
duly and unanimously adopted by the stock-
holders of said corporation.
1. Article I of said Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article I.
“The name of the corporation is and shall be
‘The Eureka Crude Oil Company.’ The principal place for transaction of the corporate
business shall be in the City of Tucson, in the
county of Pima, Territory of Arizona. The
corporation shall have a branch office at the
City of Los Angeles in the State of California.
Meetings of stockholders and directors of the
corporation may be held at Los Angeles if the
stockholders at any regular or special meeting
so direct by a majority vote of all stock represented at such meeting. In that event the
books of the corporation shall be kept in the
Los Angeles office. The corporation hereby
created, intends to carry on business in the
Territory of Arizona and in the State of California, and in other states and territories of
the United States of America.”
Article III of said Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article III.
“The amount of the Capital stock of this
corporation shall be and is two hundred thousand dollars, divided into two hundred thousand shares of the par value of one dollar each
share. One hundred and fifty thousand shares
of the shares of the stock of said corporation
have been set apart and applied to the purchase of a leasehold estate in oil-bearing lands
in the county of Los Angeles, State of California, of the estimated value of one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars. The residue of
said stock, amounting to fifty thousand shares,
has been set apart for sale to the public to obtain means to develop said lands. Persons
requiring said stock directly or indirectly from
said corporation shall not be liable to the corporation for any difference between the
amount actually paid for said stock and the
face value of said stock, but all stock issued or
to be issued by said corporation shall be held,
treated and considered as fully paid stock of
the corporation; provided however, that after
three-fourths of the entire capital stock of
said company shall have been issued, the
stock of the corporation held by stockholders
shall be liable to assessment, and may be assessed by the Board of Directors to pay debts
and liabilities of the corporation, and also for
the purpose of carrying on the business of the
corporation. Assessment for said purposes or
any of them may be made in the manner provided by the laws of California, and if made,
shall be in installments not to exceed five
cents per share at any one time. The Board
of Directors may make said assessment of stock
at any regular meeting of the Board held in
the City of Tucson or in the City of Los Angeles, at which a quorum of directors is present.
The stock of the corporation unissued may be
sold by the Company at such price as the said
Directors may, at any meeting, determine and
when sold said stock shall be issued as fully
paid stock.”
Article IV of said Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article IV.
“The highest amount of indebtedness or liability direct or contingent to which this corporation is at any time to be subjected shall
not exceed the sum of twenty-five thousand
dollars. The indebtedness of the corporation
may be evidenced by notes or bonds executed
by the corporation. Said corporation shall
have the right to secure payment of said indebtedness, or any part thereof, by mortgage,
deed of trust or otherwise as its Board of Directors may direct.”
Article VII of the Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article VII.
“The business and affairs of this corporation
shall be managed and directed by a Board of
five directors who shall be elected annually by the stockholders at the regular meeting of stockholders of the corporation held at the City of Tucson or at the
City of Los Angeles. The Board of Directors
may select the city at which the meetings of
stockholders shall be held and shall provide
for the holding of such meetings in the By-
Laws of the corporation. No person shall be
eligible to the office of director who is not a
holder of capital stock of the corporation, in
his own name, on the books of the company.
Any person ceasing to be a stockholder shall
forthwith cease to be a director and the vacancy thus created in the Board of Directors
shall be filled at the next meeting of the
Board. Any meeting of the Board at which a
quorum is present wherever and whenever
held shall be and is hereby declared to be a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors
whether notice of such meeting shall have
been given or not.”
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF the Chairman
and Secretary of said Stockholders’ meeting
have hereunto set their hands and the Secretary of said corporation has affixed hereto the
corporate seal of said corporation this 19th day
of March, A.D. 1901.

ED. B. SPENCER,
Chairman of Stockholders’ meeting and Vice-
President of “The Eureka Crude Oil Company.”
Wallace B. Parker,
Secretary of Stockholders’ meeting.
[SEAL]
Attest: Henry A. Greene,
Secretary of The Eureka Crude Oil Company.
State of California,
County of Los Angeles, ss
On this third day of April in the year one
thousand nine hundred and one before me,
Fred W. Heatherly, a Notary Public in and for
said county of Los Angeles, State of California,
residing therein, duly commissioned and
qualified, personally appeared Ed. B. Spencer,
known to me to be the Vice-President, and
Henry A. Greene, known to me to be the Secretary of The Eureka Crude Oil Company the
Corporation that executed the within instrument. and acknowledged to me that such Corporation executed the same.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto
set my hand and affixed my official Seal, the
day and year in this Certificate first above
written. FRED W. HEATHERLY,
Notary Public in and for Los Angeles County,
State of California.
State of California,
County of Los Angeles. ss
Ed. B. Spencer being duly sworn makes oath
and says that he is the Vice-President of “The
Eureka Crude Oil Company,” a corporation incorporated under the laws of the Territory of
Arizona; that he was present at the meeting of stockholders held on the 19th day of March,
A.D. 1901, at the city of Tucson in the Territory
of Arizona mentioned in the foregoing Instrument of writing and that he acted as
Chairman at said meeting. Affiant says that
the matter as stated in said foregoing instrument of writing are true
ED. B. SPENCER.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 19th
day of March, A.D. 1901.
I Seal) FRED W. HEATHERLY,
Notary Public in and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California.
1st pub April 9th 1901 last April 12, 1901.
WHY BOTHER with those corns and
ingrowing nails when Zimmerman can
cure them without pain. 120 W. Pennington street.

SUMMONS.
In the District Court of the First Judicial
District, Territory of Arizona in and for Pima
County.
Angelita O. Stevens, plaintiff, vs. Mack Stevens, defendant.
Action brought in the District Court of the
First Judicial District of the Territory of Arizona, in and for the County of Pima in the
complaint filed in said County of Pima in the
office of the Clerk of said District Court.
In the name of the Territory of Arizona, to
Mack Stevens, defendant, greeting:
You are hereby summoned and required to
appear in an action brought against you by the
above named plaintiff in the District Court of
the First Judicial District of the Territory of
Arizona, in and for Pima County, and answer
the complaint therein filed with the Clerk of
this said Court, at Tucson in said County, within 10 days after the service upon you of this summons. if served in this said county or if served
out of this said County and within this said Judicial District, then within twenty days thereafter, or in all other cases within thirty days
thereafter, the times above mentioned being
exclusive of the day of service, or judgment by
default will be taken against you.
Given under my hand and the seal of the
District Court of the First Judicial District.
Territory of Arizona, in and for the County of
Pima this 12th day of March, 1901.
[Seal] Attest and correct copy.
Clinton D. Hoover,
Clerk of said District Court.
Attest
F. E. Murphy, sheriff.
E. Drachman, under sheriff.
1st pub March 12, 1901, last pub. April 12, 1901.
Forest Lieu Selection No. 50.
United States Land Office, Tucson, Arizona,
March 11, 1901.
Notice is hereby given that Eugene W. Childs
whose post office address is Mammoth, Pinal
county, Arizona, has made application to select
under the act of June 4, 1897, (30 Stat., 36) the
following described tract: N. W. ¼ S. E.
Section 19, Township 8, S., Range 17 E., G. S.
R. B. & A. M.
Within the next thirty days from the date of
the first publication of this notice protests or
contests against the selection on the ground
that the land described, or any portion thereof
is more valuable for its minerals than for agricultural purposes, will be received and noted
for report to the commissioner of the general
land office.

MILTON R. MOORE,
Register.
1st pub. March 12; last pub. April 12.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
United States Land Office.
Tucson, Arizona,
March 7, 1901.
An affidavit of contest having been filed in
this office by Ambrosia Moll no against the
homestead entry of William C. Stewart, No.
28X3, made July 5, 1898, for N. E. ¼ S. E. section 32, T. 13 S., R. 15 E., G. A. S. R. M., wherein
it is alleged that “said William C. Stewart has
wholly failed to make settlement and further
has wholly abandoned said tract within six
months since making said entry, and the abandoning of this tract was not caused by his enlistment in the army, navy, or marine corps of
the United States during the late war with
Spain or any war in which the United States
have recently been engaged; that said tract is
not settled upon and cultivated by said party
as required by law.” And it appearing by a sufficient affidavit filed on the 27th day of November, 1900, that personal service of notice of contest cannot be made upon the said William C.
Stewart and that his whereabouts are unknown, and a request having been made that
notice be given by publication, it is therefore
ordered and all parties of interest are hereby
notified that a hearing upon said affidavit of
contest will be had at the U. S. land office at 2
o’clock p. m. of April 15, 1901.
MILTON R. MOORE,
Register.
1st pub. March 8, 1901, last pub. April 13, 1901.

PROPOSALS FOR INDIAN SUPPLIES.—Department of the Interior, Office of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C., March 7, 1901. Sealed proposals, indorsed “Proposals for beef, flour,
etc.,” as the case may be, and directed to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, 51 Johnson
St., Chicago, Ill., will be received until 1
o’clock p. m., of Tuesday, April 2, 1901, for furnishing for the Indian service, beef, flour,
bacon, beans, coffee, sugar, rice, tea, and other
articles of subsistence; also for boots and shoes,
groceries, soap, baking powder, crockery, agricultural implements, paints, oils, glass, tin
ware, wagons, harness, leather, shoe findings,
saddlery, etc., hardware, school and medical
supplies, and a long list of miscellaneous articles. Sealed proposals, indorsed "Proposals
for blankets, woolen and cotton goods, clothing, etc.,” as the case may be, and directed to
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Nos. 77
and 79 Wooster St., New York City, will be received until 1 o’clock p. m. of Tuesday May 7
1901, for furnishing for the Indian Service,
blankets, woolen and cotton goods, clothing,
notions, lists and caps. Bids must be made
out on government blanks. Schedules giving
all necessary information for bidders will be
furnished on application to the Indian office,
Washington, D. C.; Nos. 77 and 79 Wooster St.,
New York City; No. 51 Johnson St., Chicago,
Ill.; No. 104 Howard St. Omaha, Neb., the Commissaries of Subsistence, U. S. A. at Cheyenne
Leavenworth, St. Louis, St. Paul and San Francisco; the postmasters at Sioux City, Yankton,
Arkansas City, Caldwell, Topeka, Wichita and
Tucson. Bids will be opened at the hour and
days above stated, and bidders are invited to
be present at the opening. The department reserves the right to determine the point of delivery and to reject any and all bids, or any
part of any bid.
W. A. JONES, Commissioner.
March 16 April 6
Proposals for cavalry horses - Office Chief
Quartermaster, Denver, Colo., March 1, 1901.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received
here until 11 a. m., March 12, 1901, for furnishing cavalry horses as follows: At Ft. Grant
Ariz., 25 horses; at Ft. Huachuca, Ariz., 15
horses; at Ft. Wingate, N. M., 45 horses. Bids
will be entertained for delivery at prominent
railroad points other than at posts named.
Horses to be in accordance with specifications
in Circular of instructions to bidders, which
will be furnished, together with blank proposals, on application to this office. U. S. reserves right to accept or reject any or all proposals or any part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked "Proposals for
Cavalry Horses" and addressed Major J. W.
Pope, Chief Q. M.

Office Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.
Feb. 25, 1901. Sealed proposals in triplicate
will be received here until 11 a. m. March 27
1901, for transportation of military supplies
routes Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 and for drayage at Denver, Colo., during the fiscal year
commencing July 1, 1901. U. S. reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals.
Information furnished on application. Envelopes containing proposals should be
marked: “Proposals for Transportation on
Route No.—,” addressed J. W. Pope, Chief Q. M.
Proposals for supplies at road stations, etc.
Office of Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.
March 25, 1901. Sealed proposals in triplicate
will be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., on April 25, 1901, for furnishing fuel, forage
and water at road stations in this department
and for fuel at Price, Utah, and Rawlins, Wyo.
during the fiscal year commencing July 1
1901. Instructions to bidders and blank forms
of proposals will be furnished on application
to this office. The government reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all bids. J. W.
POPE, Major, Chief Q. M.
Office Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.
April 14, 1901. Sealed proposals in triplicate
will be received here until 11 a. m. May 1
1901, for transportation of Military Supplies
Routes Nos. 1, 2, 5, and 8 and for drayage at
Denver, Colo., during the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1901. U. S. reserves right to
accept or reject any or all proposals. Information furnished on application. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked: “Proposals for Transportation on Route No.—,” addressed J. W. Pope, Chief Q. M.

Articles of Incorporation of Loma Verde
Copper Company.
We, the undersigned, E. Frank Campbell, C.
Modini-Wood, Thos. C. Paxton, A. E. Driscoll
and Timothy J. Driscoll hereby voluntarily associate ourselves together and adopt the following articles of incorporation for the purpose of
forming a corporation under the laws of the
Territory of Arizona, United States of America
And we do hereby certify:
Article I.
That the name of this corporation shall be
Loma Verde Copper Company, and its principal place for transacting business shall be at
Tucson, Pima county, Territory of Arizona, but
the corporation purposes to carry on business
in the state of California and to maintain an
office at Los Angeles, in the state of California,
at which latter place meetings of the stockholders and directors may be held.
Article II.
That the purposes for which this corporation
is to be formed are: (1) to purchase, locate,
rent, and otherwise acquire, to hold, own,
operate and mine, to sell, lease, and otherwise
dispose of mining claims, mineral rights, oil
wells, and real estate, and interests and rights
in such properties; (2) to purchase, rent,
and otherwise acquire to hold, own, sell, lease
and otherwise dispose of, to mine for, take out
and extract, smelt, reduce, and otherwise treat,
for itself and also for other persons or corporations, minerals, oils, petroleum, natural gas,
asphaltum, bitumen and other mineral and hydrocarbon substances; (3) to erect, purchase,
rent, and otherwise acquire, to hold, own,
operate for itself and also for other persons or
corporations, to sell, lease, and otherwise dispose of smelters, concentrators, and other
machinery, pipes, pipe lines, conduits for the
conveyance of air, steam, electricity, water
and any other substance, buildings, and all
appliances for mining, reducing, refining, concentrating, smelting, and otherwise treating
minerals and hydrocarbon substances; (4)
to erect, purchase, rent, and otherwise acquire
to hold, own, lease, and operate for mining
purposes ditches and flumes, trams, tramways, trolley lines, cars, boats and other means
of transportation; (5) to erect, purchase, rent
and otherwise acquire, to hold, own, lease, and
operate steam-plants, electric-plants, water-plants, and other plants for the generation of
power, saw-mills, stanchion-mills, and all other
mills, all of which for itself, and also for other
persons and corporations; (6) to purchase,
rent, and otherwise acquire, to hold, own, sell,
lease, and otherwise dispose of water and water
rights, and to drill, bore and excavate water
wells; (7) to acquire by purchase or in any
other manner, to hold, own, sell and otherwise
dispose of shares, bonds or mortgages of other
corporations; (8) to purchase or otherwise to
acquire, to hold, sell or otherwise dispose of general merchandise, groceries, dry goods, boots,
and shoes, hardware, mining and other machinery and implements, as well as real and
personal property incident to the trading and
trafficking in the aforesaid commodities; (9)
also to refine, distill, and otherwise treat, pipe,
and store for itself and also for other persons
or corporations, acquire, hold and dispose of
natural gas, asphaltum and other hydrocarbon
substances and for such purposes to purchase,
and otherwise acquire, to hold, own, and operate pipe lines, tanks, cars, boats, and all other
appliances and means of transportation that
may be incident to or auxiliary to said purpose or may be deemed necessary or convenient
by the board of directors.
Article III.
That the amount of capital stock authorized
to be issued shall be one million dollars ($1,000,000) and the number of shares into which it
shall be divided shall be one million (1,000,000)
of the par value of one dollar ($1.00) each, which
capital stock shall be paid in property received, services rendered, or money, upon the call
of the board of directors, and it shall forever
be non-assessable, and each certificate when
issued shall state upon its face the number of
shares represented thereby, and that the same
are fully paid and non-assessable.
Article IV.
That the date of the commencement of this
corporation shall be the date of the filing of
these articles with the county recorder of the
aforesaid county of Pima, and the corporation
shall exist twenty-five years from its commencement.
Article V.
That the affairs of this corporation shall be
conducted by a board of directors, composed of
five stockholders, who shall be elected on the
first Monday of May, 1902, and until such election, E. Frank Campbell, resident of Los Angeles, California; C. Modini-Wood, resident of
Los Angeles, California; Thos. C. Paxton, resident of Los Angeles, California; A. E. Driscoll, resident of Tucson, Arizona, and Timothy
J. Driscoll, resident of Tucson, Arizona, shall
be the directors of this corporation. The directors shall have power to fill all vacancies in
the board, and shall hold until the election
and qualification of their successors.
Article VI.
That the officers of this corporation shall be
a president, vice-president, secretary and treasurer, to be elected by the board of directors,
and such other offices as the board may elect.
Article VII.
That the highest amount of indebtedness or
liability to which this corporation shall subject itself shall be twenty thousand dollars
($20,000).
Article VIII.
That the private property of each stockholder
of this corporation shall be exempt from any
and all corporation debts.
Article IX.
That the articles of incorporation may be
amended by consent of the stockholders holding two-thirds of the stock issued by this corporation, voting therefor, at any regular meeting of the stockholders, or at any special meeting called for that purpose, and such amendments shall be filed with the county recorder of said county of Pima, and printed as required by law.
Article X.
That by-laws may be adopted at a meeting of
the stockholders called for that purpose, by
the consent of the stockholders holding two
thirds of the stock issued by this corporation,
voting therefor, or by the assent of all the
stockholders expressed in writing without such
meeting, and amended at any time in the same
manner. The election of directors and the annual meeting of stockholders may be held on
the first Monday of May of each year, and at all
meetings of stockholders stock may be represented and voted by proxy.
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set
our hands and seals this 10th day of April 1901
E. Frank Campbell,
C. Modini-Wood,
Thos. C. Paxton,
A. E. Driscoll,
Timothy J. Driscoll.
State of California,
County of Los Angeles. ss
On this 10th day of April, in the year one
thousand nine hundred and one, before me,
Edward L. Hutchison, a notary public, in and for
the county of Los Angeles, state of California,
personally appeared E. Frank Campbell, C.
Modini-Wood and Thos. C. Paxton, known to
me to be the same persons whose names are
subscribed to and who executed the foregoing
instrument, and who severally duly acknowledged to me that they executed the aforesaid
articles of incorporation of the Loma Verde
Copper Company for the purpose and consideration therein expressed.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal the day and
year last above written.
Notarial Seal. Edward L. Hutchison,
Notary Public in and for said County of Los
Angeles, State of California.
Territory of Arizona,
County of Pima. ss
On this 10th day of April, in the year one
thousand nine hundred and one, before me,
Thomas A. Horton, a Notary Public in and for
said County of Pima, personally appeared Timothy J. Driscoll, and A. E. Driscoll, known to
me to be the same persons whose names are
subscribed to and who executed the foregoing
instrument, and who severally duly acknowledged to me that they executed the aforesaid
Articles of Incorporation of the Loma Verde
Copper Company for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal, the day and
year last above written.
[SEAL] Thomas A. Horton,
Notary Public in and for said County of Pima
Territory of Arizona.
My commission expires Jan. 11, 1903.
Ten cent revenue stamp cancelled.
Territory of Arizona,
County of Pima. ss
I, Charles A. Shibley, County Recorder in and
for the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona,
do hereby certify that the above and foregoing
is a full, true and correct copy of the original
articles of incorporation of the Loma Verde
Copper Company, as the same appears of record in my office in Book No. 2 of Incorporation
at page et seq., records of said County of
Pima, Arizona Territory, and as filed and recorded April 10, 1901, at 2:00 o’clock p. m.
Witness my hand and seal of office this 10th
day of April, 1901.

Charles A. Shibley,
County Recorder, Pima county, Territory of
Arizona.
1st pub April 11; last April 17, 1901.
DO YOU FEEL LIKE THIS?
Pen Picture for Women.

“I am so nervous, there is not a
well inch in my whole body. I am so
weak at my stomach and have indigestion horribly, and palpitation of
the heart, and I am losing flesh. This
headache and backache nearly kills
me, and yesterday I nearly had hysterics;
there is a weight in the lower part
of my bowels bearing down all the
time, and pains in my groins and
thighs; I cannot sleep, walk, or sit,
and I believe I am diseased all over;
no one ever suffered as I do.”
This is a description of thousands of
cases which come to Mrs. Pinkham’s
attention daily. An inflamed and ulcerated condition of the neck of the
Womb can produce all of these symptoms, and no woman should allow
herself to reach such a perfection of
misery when there is absolutely no
need of it. The subject of our
trait in this sketch, Mrs. Williams of
Linglestown, N.J., has been entirely
cured of such illness and misery by
Lydia K. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and the guiding advice of Mrs.
Pinkham of Lynn, Mass.
No other medicine has such a record
for absolute cures, and no other medicine is “just as good.” Women who
want a cure should insist upon getting
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound when they ask for it at a store.
Anyway, write a letter to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., and tell her all
your troubles. Her advice is free.

The Consolidated National Bank
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
Capital $50,000 Surplus and Profits $10,000
DEPOSITS RECEIVED AND WITHDRAWN.
OFFICERS:
M. P. Freeman, President. W. C. Davis, Vice President
H. B. Tenney, Cashier. E. W. Graves, Asst. Cashier
The Arizona National Bank
OF TUCSON.
B. M. Jacobs, President.
$300,000.00 Fund Fleishman, Vice-President,
Surplus - $8,000.00 L. M. Jacobs, Cashier.
J. M. O’Kane, Asst. Cashier.
A General Banking Business Transacted
To Keep Out the Cold
Nothing answers the purpose like pure
adulterated liquor. The genuine article,
is a great fortifier against the inclemencies
of the weather. But put not your trust in
pale, or diluted stuff — it won’t fill the bill
or give you a “good time.” Come to Rossi’s.
With a reputation made for the purity and
excellence of their goods they do not have
to resort to cheap advertising to retain and
increase it.
M. & M. A. Rossi,
Columbus Saloon
Corner Stone Ave. and Congress St.
Tucson and Mammoth Stage Line
By the way of Oracle. Has
Regular stage every day except Sunday, Private team $10.00 and up
return, (drivers furnished.) All persons wishing to arrive in banking
hours will please notify our agents the evening before.
Wm. Neal, Proprietor.

Rheumatic Acid in the Blood Causes Rheumatism, Sciatica, Lumbago, Neuralgia and Gout.
REX RHEUMATIC RINGS
They are sold under a written guarantee. REX RHEUMATIC CO., Hartford, Conn.
H. Cook & Co., Tucson, Arizona, Sole Agents

Southern Pacific Railroad Time Table.
Number 33.
EASTWARD Nov. 8, 1900 WESTWARD.
1 10 p.m. 9:25 a.m.
STATIONS.
11:10 p.m. 11:25 a.m.
Gila City 12:10 a.m. 12:10 p.m.
Ajo 1:00 a.m. 1:00 p.m.
Painted Rock 2:00 a.m. 2:00 p.m.
Oracle 3:00 a.m. 3:00 p.m.
Tucson 4:00 a.m. 4:00 p.m.
Tumacacori 5:00 a.m. 5:00 p.m.
Nogales 6:00 a.m. 6:00 p.m.
Limited passes eastward on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays.
Limited passes westward on Wednesdays, Saturdays and Mondays.

Important Gateways
“No Trouble to Answer Questions.”
“CANNON BALL”
which runs through El Paso daily and runs through to St. Louis;
made for the North and East; so direct
via Chicago or New Orleans for all points in the Southwest.
Latest Pattern Pullman Buffet Sleepers
Elegant New Chair Cars—Seats Free
Solid Vestibuled Trains Throughout
For a free pamphlet, or other information, call on or address,
K. W. Curtis, S. W. P. A., E. P. Turner, G. P. A.
T. & P. R. R. Dallas, Texas.