THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 29, 1898.

The Arizona Republican.
A VAL VERDE "AD."
f
VVVWViWNrVVWVWVVWVVVWVVWWMS'VW
cycles
Southern California Hotels.
A great deal has been said and published of late in reference to the position taken by the governor upon stock-jobbing schemes which are being exploited in the east, based upon alleged valuable mining properties in Arizona. One of the companies which came in for a large share of the governor's attention was the Val Verde Copper Company, Limited, whose mining operations are located in northern Arizona.
In this connection we wish to call attention to the following advertisement which lately appeared in the Cincinnati Enquirer:
THE ONLY NEWSPAPER
IN ARIZONA
THAT IS PUBLISHED
EVERY DAY
IN THE YEAR.
The houses advertising under this head are reliable and well conducted. The Republican Have just received first shipment. They are the most up-to-date wheel on the market. Strictly high grade. Price, 550. Also Sunbeam Bicycles at $25. See them before you buy.
HARRY H. KLESSIG'S GUN STORE, 34 North Center Street.
SPORTSMEN'S HEADQUARTERS.
The Republican recommends them to people who contemplate spending the summer in southern California. Those who may patronize them, through reading the advertisements in the Republican are respectfully requested to mention this paper.
CHARLES C. RANDOLPH,
Editor and Proprietor
LOS ANGELES.

999 Acres

Exclusive Morning Associated Press

Dispatches.

The only Perfecting Press In Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes In

Arizona.

Publication office: 36-38 East Adams

street Telephone No. 47.

Entered at the post-office at Phoenix,

Arizona, as mail matter of the second

class.

SUBSCRIPTION RATES.

By mail, daily, one year...
Weekly, one year
" Cash In advance.
BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month

.. 6.00
,. 2.00

...1.60

Washington bureau, 800 Fourteenth

street, N. W.

PHOENIX. JUNE 29. 1898.

PROFITS OF ADVERTISING.
The profits of advertising are
not direct, as are the returns
from a sale. Nevertheless, when
the proper medium for bringing
an advertisement before the
public is selected the profits are
usually immediate, although,
of course, they come in
a roundabout manner. If at
times they seem delayed it is be
cause the merchant's announce
ment either has not reached the
people whose patronage he seeks
or because there is no pressing
demand for the special line of
wares which he may have for
sale. In either case the profit is
sure to come eventually; for the
purpose of advertising is to
awaken interest in the tradesman's goods, and once having
aroused that interest the wary
merchant will perceive the ne
cessity of sustaining it, a result
is sure to be attained by a persist
ent use of a great newspaper's
advertising columns. Burlington News

From the tone of certain territorial
papers we judge that some of the fake
mining corporations have shown them
the color of their money.

The death rate from sickness among
our soldiers in the Philippines is less
than it is in New York city. Military
rule is far more efficient and merciful
than Tammany control.

THE VAL VERDE COPPER CO., LTD,

Owns 7 mines and 11 adjoining claims in Ari
zona's richest copper section.
Properties cover nearly 3 miles in length on
the great United Verde copper lode.
Ores run higher in returns of copper por
tion than many large dividend payers.
Its mines are not experiments, but have been
proved rich by over 3 years' work.
Low expense of operating has been proved
in the same practical way.
Gold and silver showing in lowest workings
indicate that these metals alone will in
future pay all expenses.
No Stock has been donated to any one for any
reason whatever.
Shareholders in this company, therefore, all
stand on the same basis, that of actual
cash subscribed.
Its Purpose is solely the business of produc
ing, mining and smelting copper ores and
selling the copper.

Practical Miners, thoroughly understanding

the operations of copper production, are
in charge of the mines.

Business Men of repute, aggressive and ener

getic workers, are at the head of the com
pany, and have already placed it on a
sound financial basis.

Great Profits are assured; the possibilities of
enormous profits are as great as those of
any copper mine in the world to-day.
There is a vast income from the rich ore of its
own mines, and immense earnings of
its smelter through buying ore from farms and
smelting ore for other miners.
Large Opportunities for ore purchasing and
custom smelting exist in the Val Verde
Co.'s district.
Being the first company to erect a smelter, it
will secure all this trade, and thus add
heavily to its income.
The Development of the company's own
properties, and the open field for these
additional lucrative branches, call for

greater smelter capacity than the 40 ton

first contemplated. Mr. G. M. Fennell,
Treasurer of the company, left for Arizona

May 22, to contract and arrange for the
erection of a 200-ton smelter, of which 100
tons will be blown in on completion, the
remaining 100 tons being held in reserve.

Present Price of shares par $5; subject,
however, to advance without notice to
$7.50 or more, at the discretion of the
Directors.

Hotel Van Nuys Annex

135 S.

SEND FOR PROSPECTUS.

HUME OFFICE,
342 Boston Stock Exchange Bldg
BOSTON, MASS.

J. A. VANN & SON. Bankers.
Members N. Y. Stock Exchange,
620 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

We wonder which poor Atkinson
feels the worse about the lack of interest in his treasonable pamphlets or
the fact that Boston is one of the live
liest enlisting places in the country.
Things are going as contrary with
him as they did with poor old Mrs.
Gummidge.

The same dispatch which tells of the
prohibition at the peace congress of
those explosive bullets that "spread
out easily in the human body" tells of
a way already found to evade the
spirit of the prohibition while adher
ing to its letter. Among nations, as in
municipal government, good laws are
of no use if enough men wish to evade
them.

The advertisement claims that the properties owned by the Val Verde
company cover "nearly three miles in length upon the great United Verde
lode." It is an indisputable fact that the advertised properties are more
than seventy miles from the United Verde mine, and have no relation to it
whatever. The advertisement further says: "Gold and silver showing in
lowest workings indicate that these metals alone will in future pay all ex
penses.

The advertisement carries the inference that the company already owns
a smelter, when, as a matter of fact, an agent of the company lately secured
a ninety-day option on a smelter site, upon which he paid one hundred
dollars; and he claims that he will erect thereon a custom smelter in the
Big Bug district east of Prescott. It may be that considerable money will
be expended in this direction; and if the promoters of the scheme are in
clined to expend the money which they have obtained from the sale of
stock in erecting a large custom smelter and operating the same for the
purpose of trying to bring to their stockholders some return for the money
they have paid, this action on their part is commendable; although they
could well afford to expend a considerable sum in this direction, because of
the large amount of money they have evidently received from stock sales.

It is not our purpose to distract in any way from any worthy enter
prise, and any step in the right direction will receive warm endorsement
from The Republican. We believe a well equipped and in
telligently operated custom smelter would be of great value
to the mining interests surrounding Prescott, and if it
were properly and honestly managed it would be a success,
and we will gladly and earnestly support any legitimate move to secure
such plant; but we agree thoroughly with the position taken by the gov
ernor, that the selling of large amounts of stock all over the country, not
based upon legitimate values and producing power, and upon prospects
which are purely experimental in character, must certainly injure Arizona
to an incalculable degree.

We again call attention to the advertisement printed above, and ask our
readers if the sale of stock based upon such representation is justifiable.
We understand that the law of New York is very severe upon such methods.

WHAT MAKES SUCCESS.

It's the Man, Not the Job There Are
Possibilities in Everything.

In the young woman a letter telling her
what had been done, and complimented
her for the nobility of the sacrifice.

Russia's placing a six-million order
for batteries while her own pet disarm
ament conference is going on recalls
the significant anecdote that came
from China some time ago, of how
France was busy with her fortifications
and Germany was busy with her fortifi
cations, while England was busily
laying out cricket grounds. There was
supposed to be a deep significance in
this. Unfortunately for the deep sig
nificance, it has been the experience
among the Anglo-Saxons that in peace
times cricket produces about as good
materials for soldiers as shoveling
fortifications. When the time comes
that England needs fortifications she
will send some of her cricket players
to take them ready-made.

If Phoenix fails to get a good show
ing in the next census returns it will
be because the residents of the addi
tions, who get their living in the city
and who ought to have a direct inter
est in the growth of the city, fail to
rise to the occasion. We are glad to
know that the annexation spirit is
growing. Speed the day when the last
addition shall be included within the
city limits. Then will Phoenix stand
in the proper light before the country.

The best thing about the new
French ministry is that the minister
of war is an honest man and a sound
soldier, though a marquis and a royalist. His military habit and training
are warrant that he will suppress Jew
baiting riots as sternly as he sup
pressed the commune, and his per
sonal honesty gives promise of clear
ing out the carrion of the general
staff as soon as may be after the urg
ent step of Dreyfus' retrial. Perhaps
Galliffet is the man this unhappy
France has been waiting for, though
he is a bit old for the work that is to
be done.

"We are forever going to begin work
in earnest tomorrow," said Mr. Staybolt, "and we are never satisfied with
the job we've got, and we perform the
labor involved in it in only a half
hearted manner, but we are going to
work in dead earnest when we get a
job to suit us.
"The fact is that tomorrow, when we
get to it, will be to us as today is to
us now; we shan't feel any more like
work; and that other job, when we
come in personal contact with it and see
it close at hand, won't suit us any
better than the one we've got now
does.
"The truth is that we are dawdlers
and shy of work, and trying to get
along just as easy as we can. We
hate to pitch in and go at things.
"The time for us to work is now, not
tomorrow; and the job for us to collar
is the one we've got. Round that up
in style: do the work completely and
thoroughly and you'll be astonished to
find how you'll bring it out and what
chances there are in it. And every
body that knows about your work or is
in any way concerned or affected by it
as it is done well or ill, will be delight
ed to see it well done. Everybody likes
to see a job, whatever it is, well done
and pleased with the doer, and there's
money in it every time.

"It isn't the job that makes success,
it's the man; and don't you forget it."
New York Sun.

she was willing to make to relieve the
sufferings of one of Uncle Sam's sol
dier boys. From a Washington Letter.

A GREAT GIFT TO EDUCATION.

WANTED TO TAKE HIS PLACE.

Secretary Alger recently received a
naval letter from a Pennsylvania girl
which rather startled him and stamped
the young woman as a heroine of the
highest type. She has a sweetheart
who is a member of the Tenth Penn
sylvania infantry, now on duty in the
Philippines. He was desperately ill
and homesick and had written his
family asking his discharge. The
young woman assumed the task and
wrote Secretary Alger a letter in
which she made three propositions.
The first was a commonplace one,
which simply asked that the sick sol
dier be discharged and sent home. The
second was one which made the secre
tary's heart swell in admiration of the
girl's courage. This was a proposal
that if the soldier could not be spared
she should be permitted to take his
place in the regiment. She told Gen
eral Alger she was a strong, healthy
and robust girl, fully competent to per
form all the duties of a soldier and
would be of infinitely more service to
the government than the man confined
in a hospital. She then begged the
secretary to let her go to the Philip
pine islands to nurse her lover if
neither of the proposals were accept
able to him. Secretary Alger did not
lose any time in acting in the matter,
and immediately telegraphed General
Otis to discharge the soldier and send
him home on the first transport leav
ing for this country. He then wrote

The real value of Mrs. Leland Stan
ford's gift to the university in Cali
fornia, named after her son, is said to
be $38,000,000. If it were necessary to
convert it instantly into cash it is
claimed that $15,000,000 could be real
ized. If this estimate is correct it stamps
this gift as the greatest given to edu
cation in this country, if not in the
world. The public has been agreeably
surprised at the liberal endowment conferred on American universities in
the past. A steady stream of gifts has
flowed into the coffers of the older
educational institutions and new col
leges have been founded annually.
The munificence of men such as John
Hopkins and John D. Rockefeller has
established universities which are rap
idly taking rank with the best in the
world. But their liberality is sur
passed by the gift of Mrs. Stanford,
who in this respect is carrying out the
wishes of her late husband.
Leland Stanford started in life a
poor boy and by perseverance and in
domitable energy gained a large for
tune. But instead of using it for his
personal gratification he planned a
great institution which will benefit
mankind perpetually and left nearly
all his fortune to it. His purpose, as
completed by his widow is an illus
tration of the emptiness of the cry
against the modern millionaire. Their
fortunes most always return, sooner or
later, to benefit the people through
some such benefaction as the Leland
Stanford university. Philadelphia
Press.

A SCARCITY OF ORATORS.

When the people of Wolf Creek first
decided to hold a Fourth of July cele
bration they announced on their bills
that President McKinley would be the
orator of the day. Later they found
they could not get President McKin
ley, and invited Governor Stanley,
who, it developed, was also engaged
for that day. Then they invited Sen
ator Baker, Congressman Bailey, State
Senator Matterson, and Hon. T. O.
Dillingham, member of the lower
house, not one of whom could be had.
The Wolf Creek Herald of this week
announces that Elder Royce of the
Campbellite church will be the only
speaker. Atchison Globe.

A SECOND THOUGHT.

Canaille! I hate you! for me I will

"Laugh! he is of a scoundrel. Louise, hear me smash his hat!"
"No, Henri, do not do; they will send you to the prison for four or
years!"
"Ah, zen I will smash a hat zat is kerr hee." Cleveland Plain Dealer.

PI!

7A 7---

ml mp

The degree of quality is our
BREAD, CAKES and PIES cannot be
measured by words. A guarantee
stamped on each article could not make
them any better than they are.
The Bread is white, light and whole
some. The Cakes and Pies are crisp,
rich and of delicious flavor. Can we
supply your table?
...PHOENIX
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
ED. EISELE, Proprietor,
Estab. 1881. Phones, 7 W. Washington.

BROADWAY. AND FOURTH STS., LOS ANGELES, CAL.
EUROPEAN PLAN, 1.00 and up.
RATES PER DAY AMERICAN PLAN, 2.00 and up.

Large Rooms. Elegant Furniture. Electric Light;
vacuum Bath Tubs: Modern Nickel-Plated Plumbing.

M. M. POTTER CO.

One Hundred Ton
Two Hydraulic Ele-

(Incorporated.)

Hotel Westminster

The pub., Los Angeles, Cal.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE HOTEL IN THE CITY.
LOW SUMMER RATES.
F. O. JOHNSON, Prop.

Hotel Gray Gables
Cor. Seventh and Hill Streets,
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.
MRS. J. H. TROUT, Prop.

Centrally Located. . . .
Billiard and Dance Hall.
Finest Family Hotel In the City
Write for Summer Rates.

LET YOUR LIGHT SO SHINE
That you may see every obstruction in
the road. It will burn that way if it is an
Acetylene Gas Lamp charged with the
calcium carbide that Scoville sells. Every
bicyclist should have an Acetylene Lamp.
Scoville has put up in a ton or more of
carbide in neat two-pound cans, and bi
cyclists can always find a supply at his
place. It's cheap, too.

E. SCOVILLE PLUMBING CO.

21 NORTH FIRST AVENUE

Monohon Block. Telephone 238.

Ring Up Telephone 63

and as formerly we were wanting something to
drink. We are headquarters for the best in our line and sell
agents for Pabst, Lemp's and the San Francisco breweries, Ltd., three
of the best breweries on earth.
MELCZER BROS.

Bellevue Terrace Hotel

Corner Sixth and Figueroa Streets,
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
GEO. W. LYNCH & CO., Props.

Strictly first-class Family Hotel.

Fine Cuisine; newly furnished, sunny
rooms; steam heat baths; large play
grounds for children. An Ideal, Pic
turesque California Hotel. Rates, $2
and up. Special terms by the week.

THE HOLLENBECK HOTEL

Headquarters for Arizonians.
American and European Plans. Central Location and First-class
Service Special Summer Rates.

Los Angeles, Cal. A. C. BILICKE & CO., Props.

Abbotsford 1917

STEAM HEATING
ELECTRIC BELLS

THROUGHOUT

The best appointed family hotel in the city. Spacious airy rooms, superior glass. Cool in sum
mer. Electric cars pass the door to all parts of the city and depot. Rates $3 per week and up.
Special rates to families by the month.

C. A. TARBLE, Proprietor.

Eighth and Hope Sts., LOS ANGELES, CAL.

THE WESTLAKE HOTEL, J. B. DUKE, Prop., 720 Westlake Ave.

Los Angeles, Cal. A select family hotel located in the most delight
ful residence portion of the City. Newly furnished
Write for rates.

LOS ANGELES, CAL., H. KELLOGH, Prop.
American and European Plan. The best appointed hotel in the city, elegantly furnished.
Rooms Hot Water radiators in every room, gas and electric Lights. Electric cars pass the
door. Suites with bath. Elevator. Everything new.

HOTEL BROADWAY.

RIO GRANDE HOUSE

West Second St., Los Angeles Cal. Everything entirely new; building and furniture,
Light and airy. MRS. JULIA BLACK, Prop.

SAN DIEGO.

Go to the HORTON-HOUSE
San Diego, California, for a fine

Summer's Rest. Good Sea Bathing. Everything about

the Hotel first-class at reasonable prices.

W. E. HADLEY,
Proprietor.

COLONIAL INN
From 4th and Har Sts., Florence Heights,
SAN DIEGO, CAL.

Beautiful location. Finest summer climate in California. Best service, electric lightin g
Excellent table. Everything first-class. For terms, write
W. FRASER, Proprietor.

HOTEL BREWSTER,
J. E. O'BRIEN, Prop.

SAN DIEGO, CAL.
STRICTLY FIRST - CLASS.

AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLAN

REDONDO BEACH, CALIFORNIA.

HOTEL REDONDO
REDONDO BEACH, CAL.
Before you locate for the Summer you will greatly oblige me by
writing for rates and floor plan. The Redondo has no competitor in
the way of Elegant Rooms. Beautiful Location; Fishing; Sailing;
Bathing; Golf and Tennis. R. C. GARNER, Proprietor.

"Meet me at The Rosslyn."

The Rosslyn
Main St., Opp. Postoffice--
The new Hotel with every modern equip
ment, polite, prompt service, and
a delightful location in
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
110 Rooms with steam heat, plumb, hot
and cold running water, telephone
and inrlande scotticights.
75 Sunny Suites with private bath.
Superior cuisine and service a specialty.
Electric Elevator runs Continuously .
Dining hall and corridors on one floor.
Convenient to churches and theatres.
Orchestral music every evening during
dinner hours.
Electric Cars direct to R. R. Cross and
all points of interest
Rates American plan, per day, up.
European plan, $1 per day, up
L. S. KARNs ADNER L.
Cashier Proprietor

Valley Bank
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
THRUt
Surplus.... ...... ...... ..-v.. ...... .
W. R. CONRSTT, President.
M. H. FURMAN, Vice-Pres.
L. W. MESSINGER. Cashier.
RECEIVE DEPOSITS.
MAKE COLLECTIONS.
BUY AND SELL EXCHANGE,
Discount Commercial Paper and
General Banking Business.
Office Hours, 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
CORRESPONDENTS
Exchange Nat'l Bank.. . .New York
The Anglo-California Bank
San Francisco Cal.
Union Exchange Nat'l Bank..Chicago, Ill.
First National Bank Los Angeles
Bank of Arizona Prescott, Arizona

THE

PHOENIX National Bank,

PHOENIX. ARIZONA.

CALLS UP Capital
Surplus and Undivided Profits..

.$1,
. 38,000

G. A. GAGE, President.

C. J. HALL, Vice-President.

Jno. H. KAMWORTH, Cashier.

E. B.

EVERY ONE WHO comes to
ORACLE is delighted. No
sick people here. People in a
rundown condition recuperate here
very rapidly. Why is it? It is
because they have the best of food

and that well cooked, and breathe fresh, pure air,
and lie out on the principal plains
of the world.

Alta's Ranch has long been famous for the
shore conditions. Write for descriptive book
let to E. S. DOORE, Oracle, Ariz.

PORTRAITS

In Black and White
ALSO
In Color on Glass

$1 National Bankers

PHOENIX, ARIZONA.

CAPITAL PAID UP $100,000
SURPLUS $30,000

MISS BERTHA A. LITTLE.

494 North Third Avenue.

EMIL GANS, President.
SOL. LEWIS, Vice-Pres.
H. OBERFELDER, Cashier.

Directors: Emil Ganss, Sol Lewis, J. T. Smith, Charles Goldman, H. Ober
felder, J. M. Dorria, J. D. Menefee.

The

CIGARS, O. OBERFELDER, Proprietor.
Imported Wines, Liquors and Cigars

PHOENIX, ARIZONA.

CORRESPONDENTS.
The Bank of California... San Francisco
Ralston Co........ New York
National Bank of Commerce... St. Louis
Nat'l. Bank of Commerce... Kansas City
First National Bank Chicago
Farmers & Merchants Nat'l. Bank.. Los Angeles
Consolidated Nat'l. Bank Pittsburg

Bank of Arizona Prescott

Visitors are Cordially Invited to Call

LOS ANGELES.

its business thoroughly. Fine

Hotel
Gladstone
H. EDWARDS, PROP
S. W. cor. Main and Fifth Sts.
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
Rooms on European plan by day, week
or month. and strictly first class.
Electric cars pass in front of door to all
depots.
Entrance South Fifth street.