THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: "WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 22, 1902.

NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION.

In the Probate Court of the County
of Maricopa, Territory of Arizona.
In the Matter of the Estate of John
Watson Hall, Deceased. Notice of
Hearing Petition.
Notice is hereby given that C. J.
Hall has filed in this Court his Petition
praying for Letters of Administration
of the Estate of John Watson Hall, deceased, and that the same will be
heard on Wednesday, the 22nd day of
January, A. D. 1902, at 10 o'clock in
the forenoon of said day, at the court
room of said Court. In Phoenix, County
of Maricopa, Territory of Arizona,
and all persons interested in said estate are notified then and there to appear and show cause, if any they have,
why the prayer of said petitioner
should not be granted.
Dated January 11th, 1902.
C. M. ZANDER.
Clerk.
Bids for construction of two school
houses to be erected in the city of Phoenix will be received until 10 o'clock.
February 1, 1902. Bids to be filed with
clerk of board, W. H. Robinson, 102
West Adams St., Phoenix. Plans and
specifications may be seen at the office
of H. P. DeMund, 147 S. Fourth Ave.
B. A. FICKAS,
President of Board.
H. P. DeMUND.
W. H. ROBINSON.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF THE
AMERICAN DISTRICT TELEGRAPH
COMPANY.
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS, That we, whose hands are
hereunto affixed, do hereby associate
ourselves together for the purpose of
forming a corporation under the laws
of the Territory of Arizona, and to that
end make the following statement:
FIRST. The names of the incorporators are H. L. Bennett, G. R. Johnston,
Frank Jaynes, F. H. Lamb, and Henry
Bostwick; and the name of the corporation shall be American District Telegraph Company. The principal place
in which the business of said corporation within the Territory of Arizona is
to be transacted is Phoenix, Maricopa
County, Arizona, and the principal
places of business of said corporation
outside the Territory of Arizona shall
be the City of San Francisco in the
State of California, at which meetings
of the Board of Directors may be held;
and the corporation may have such
branch offices either within or without
the Territory of Arizona as may be established by the Board of Directors.
SECOND. The general nature of the
business proposed to be transacted by
this corporation is as follows, to wit:
Constructing, maintaining, leasing
and operating lines of telegraph for the
private use of individuals, firms, corporations, municipal or otherwise, for
general business, and for signal, police
and fire-alarms, or messenger business,
and for the transaction in connection
therewith of a general messenger and
delivery service: also establishing,
maintaining, leasing and operating in
different towns and cities within the
Territory of Arizona and within any of
the States or Territories of the United
States, and in foreign countries, local
systems of district telegraph, telephone
and electrical service, such as
now exist in large cities; and in all
towns and cities situated near the borders of any State or Territory in which
it shall operate, extending said service
into adjoining States, Territories or
foreign countries.
In the maintenance of such service,
said company may establish a system
of electrical call-boxes, which, in connection with telephones, telegraph and
other instruments and appliances, shall
provide calls and signals for messages,
messengers, police, fire, patrol, and
other purposes; and may operate a system of watchman's signals, and employ and furnish watchmen for any
and all purposes.
It may maintain a messenger service
for the collection, receipt, storage, delivery, and distribution of messages,
packages, merchandise, freight, advertising matter, and any other property
entrusted to it for any of said purposes:
and may engage generally in the business of a common carrier of freight and
passengers.
It may engage in the business of generating and supplying electricity for
any and all purposes, and may manufacture, buy, sell, and erect supplies,
appliances, and equipment for fire protection and any and all other purposes,
and engage in a general electrical construction business.
It may also act as distributors, advertisers and general agents for handling the business and collecting
and remitting funds in connection therewith, of corporations,
firms, or individuals. It may engage in the business of furnishing stationary and advertising matter, devices
and novelties of any and all kinds.
It may also engage in such electrical,
mechanical, mercantile, manufacturing
and transit business as may be
requisite or incident to carrying on all the
business and operations above
described. It may do a general real-estate, manufacturing and mercantile business;
own, handle and control letters patent
and inventions and shares of capital
stock of other corporations; may borrow money and execute notes, bonds,
mortgages, or deeds of trust to secure
the same, and exercise in respect of all
such bonds, mortgages, notes, shares of
capital stock, and other securities and
obligations, any and all rights, powers
and privileges of individual owners
thereof, including the right to vote
upon any shares of stock held by it to
the same extent that a natural person
might or could do: and in general may
do all things necessary to the proper
conduct of the business of this corporation in the Territory and elsewhere,
not inconsistent with the laws of the
United States and the Territory of
Arizona.
THIRD. The authorized amount of
capital stock of this corporation shall
be three hundred thousand dollars
($300,000.00), divided into three thousand (3,000) shares of the par value of
one hundred dollars ($100.00) each. At
such time as the Board of Directors
may by resolution direct, said capital
stock shall be paid into this corporation either in cash or by the sale and
transfer to it of real or personal property for the uses and purposes of said
corporation, in payment for which
shares of capital stock of this corporation may be issued, and the capital
stock so issued shall thereupon and
thereby become and be fully paid up
and non-assessable, and in the absence
of actual fraud in the transaction the
judgment of the Directors as to the
value of the property purchased shall
be conclusive.
FOURTH. The time of the commencement of this corporation shall be
the date of the filing of these Articles
of Incorporation in the office of the
Secretary of Arizona, and the termination thereof shall be twenty-five
years thereafter.
FIFTH. The affairs of this corporation shall be conducted by a Board of
five Directors, and the following named
shall constitute the Board of Directors
until their successors are elected: H.
L. Bennett, G. R. Johnston, Frank
Jaynes, F. H. Lamb and Henry Bostwick. Thereafter the Board of Directors shall be elected from among the
stockholders as the By-Laws of the
corporation provide.
SIXTH. The highest amount of indebtedness or liability, direct or contingent, to which this corporation is at
any time subject shall be thirty thousand dollars ($30,000.00).
SEVENTH. The private property of
the stockholders of this corporation
shall be exempt from corporate debts
of any kind whatsoever.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF we have
hereunto set our hands and seals this
26th day of October, 1901.
H. L. BENNETT. (Seal.)
G. R. JOHNSTON. (Seal.)
FRANK JAYNES. (Seal.)
H. BOSTWICK. (Seal.)
F. H. LAMB. (Seal.)
State of Ohio, Franklin County, ss.
On this 26th day of October, in the
year 1901, before me, David R. Sharp, a
Notary Public in and for the State and
County aforesaid, residing therein,
duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared H. L. Bennett and G. R.
Johnston, known to me to be the persons described in whose names are
subscribed to, and who executed the
annexed instrument, and they acknowledged to me that they executed the
same for the purposes and considerations therein expressed.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have
hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal, at my office in the said
State and County, the day and year
last above written.
(Seal.) DAVID R. SHARP.
Notary Public.
Franklin Co., O.
My commission expires February 9th,
1903.
State of California, County of San
Francisco, ss.
On this 26th day of December, in the
year 1901, before me, James L. King, a
Notary Public in and for the State and
County aforesaid, residing therein,
duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared Frank Jaynes, H. Bostwick and F. H. Lamb, known to me to
be the persons described in whose
names are subscribed to, and who executed the annexed instrument, and
they acknowledged to me that they
executed the same for the purposes and
considerations therein expressed.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have
hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal, at my office in the said
State and County, the day and year
last above written.
(Seal.) JAMES L. KING.
Notary Public.
My commission expires September
21st, 1903.
First publication January 18.

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF THE
HIGHLAND WATER COMPANY.
We, whose names are hereunto subscribed, desiring to incorporate ourselves under the provisions of the laws
of the Territory of Arizona for the purpose of engaging in the transaction of
the business herein mentioned, do
make, sign, and acknowledge, according
to law, these Articles of Incorporation.
ARTICLE I.
The names of the Incorporators of
this corporation are Elijah Coffin, Wm.
Christy and William E. Pomeroy.
ARTICLE II.
The name assumed by this corporation and by which it shall be known is
HIGHLAND WATER COMPANY, and
its principal place of transacting business is and shall be in the City of Phoenix, in Maricopa County, Arizona Territory. Said corporation may transact
business and have an office at Mesa
City, in said County and Territory, and
at such other place or places as its
Board of Directors may deem convenient or advisable. The time of the
commencement of this corporation shall
be on the 27th day of November, 1901,
and the termination thereof shall be on
the 27th day of November, 1926, unless
the same shall be renewed as provided
by law.
ARTICLE III.
The general nature of the business
proposed to be transacted by this corporation is that of constructing or owning by purchase or otherwise, and
maintaining and operating, dams,
canals, and ditches, and appropriating
any of the unappropriated waters of
the Salt River, for the purpose of delivering the same for irrigation or
other beneficial uses to persons owning
stock or water rights in its said canals.
Said corporation shall have power and
authority to sell to persons water
rights in the canals which it shall hereafter own or construct for such amount
of water as it may appropriate of the
unappropriated water of said Salt
River. Said corporation shall have
power and authority to acquire by purchase or otherwise water heretofore
appropriated for irrigation: also to buy
and sell water and the use thereof; also
to locate, or in any other lawful manner, acquire real estate and sell and
dispose of the same in such manner as
such corporation may deem advisable
and also any and all other kinds of
property, real, personal or mixed, including stock of other corporations.
It may also own, control, manage and
operate all kinds of machinery to be
driven or operated by water power. It
shall be authorized to borrow money
and contract to repay the same at such
time or times, and at such rate of interest as its Board of Directors may
deem proper. And it shall have the
right to hypothecate, mortgage or
pledge all or any part of its property
which it now owns or may hereafter
acquire, to secure the payment of any
money or moneys borrowed or owed by
it, as its said Board of Directors may
deem advisable.
ARTICLE IV.
The amount of the capital stock of
this corporation shall be fifty thousand
dollars ($50,000.00), divided into five
hundred (500) shares of the par value
of one hundred dollars ($100.00) per
share. Said capital stock shall be paid
for upon making subscription therefor,
either in cash or in property or in both,
as the Board of Directors may from
time to time deem advisable, and no
stock shall be issued until the same
shall have been fully paid either in
money or in property, and the same
when so issued shall be non-assessable
thereafter.
ARTICLE V.
The highest amount of indebtedness
or liability to which this corporation
shall at any time subject itself or be
subjected is the sum of thirty-five
thousand dollars ($35,000.00).
ARTICLE VI.
The stockholders of this corporation
and their private property shall be exempt from the corporate debts of the
corporation.
ARTICLE VII.
The affairs of this corporation shall
be conducted by a Board of Directors
consisting of not less than three nor
more than seven stockholders, who
shall be elected annually by the stockholders, on the 2d Monday in October of
each year. Said Directors shall hold
their office for the term of one year
from the date of their election and until their successors shall be duly elected
and qualified, unless they shall in the
meantime cease to be stockholders in
this corporation; and any person ceasing to be a stockholder in this corporation shall cease to be a Director or
officer in the same. The following named
persons who are subscribers to the capital stock of this corporation shall
constitute the officers and directors of
this corporation until the 2d Monday in
October, 1902, and until their successors shall have been duly elected or
appointed, and qualified:
Elijah Coffin, President and Director;
Win. Christy, Vice-President, Treasurer and Director; William E. Pomeroy, Secretary and Director.
Vacancies in the Board of Directors
shall be filled by the remaining members of the Board for the unexpired
term for which such persons were
elected. A majority of the Board of
Directors of this corporation shall be a
quorum, and any meeting of the Board
at which a quorum is present shall be
deemed a regular meeting and have
the same authority as a full Board,
whether notice of the meeting shall
have first been given to the absent
members of the Board or not.
ARTICLE VIII.
The officers of this corporation shall
be a president, vice-president, secretary and treasurer, who shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors
at their first annual meeting in each
year, from among their number. The
secretary and treasurer or vice-president and treasurer may be one and the
same person. The president shall be
the chief executive officer of the corporation, and shall have the general management of all its affairs, subject to
the approval of the Board of Directors.
All certificates of stock, contracts,
water rights, deeds, and conveyances
shall be signed in the corporate name
by the President, or in his absence, by
the Vice-President, and be countersigned by the Secretary, and have affixed thereto the corporate seal. The
Board of Directors shall have power
to appoint such agents to aid in the
management of its business and in
conducting the affairs of the corporation, as it may deem advisable, and to
vest in said agents such powers as they
deem expedient.
ARTICLE IX.
The Board of Directors of this corporation shall have power to establish
by-laws and make all rules and regulations deemed expedient for the management of the affairs of this corporation and the officers thereof, not
inconsistent with the Constitution and
Laws of the United States or the Laws
of Arizona.
ARTICLE X.
These Articles of Incorporation may
be amended at any regular meeting of
the stockholders, or at any special
meeting called for that purpose by a
majority vote of the stock represented
at such meeting; and when such articles are so amended, such amendment or amendments shall be acknowledged and signed by the President and
attested by the Secretary, and have
thereto affixed the corporate seal, and
shall have the same effect as though
signed and acknowledged by all the
stockholders of the corporation.
In Witness Whereof, We have hereunto set our hands this 27th day of
November, 1901.
ELIJAH COFFIN.
WM. CHRISTY.
WILLIAM E. POMEROY.
Territory of Arizona, County of Maricopa, ss.
Before me, C. F. Ainsworth, a Notary
Public in and for Maricopa County,
Arizona, on this day personally appeared Elijah Coffin, Wm. Christy and
William Pomeroy, to me known,
and known to me to be the persons
whose names are subscribed to the
foregoing instrument, and acknowledged to me that they executed the
same for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of
office this 27th day of November, 1901.
(Seal.) C. F. AINSWORTH.
Notary Public.
My commission expires the 22d day
of November, 1905.
Territory of Arizona, County of Maricopa.
I. B. F. McFall, County Recorder in
and for the County and Territory
aforesaid, do hereby certify that the
within instrument was filed for record
at 10:01 o'clock a. m. on this 26th day of
December, 1901, and duly recorded in
Book No. 8 of Incorp. records of Maricopa County, Arizona, at pages 503 to
507, inclusive.
Witness my hand and official seal
the day and year above written.
(Seal.) B. F. McFALL.
County Recorder.
By A. S. ARTHUR, Deputy.
First publication January 18.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF THE
MINERAL CREEK COPPER COMPANY, LIMITED.
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:
That we, whose names are hereunto
subscribed, for the purpose of transacting the business hereinafter set forth,
do hereby associate ourselves as and
into a body corporate under the provisions of Chapter 2, Title 12, of the
Revised Statutes of the Territory of Arizona, and do hereby certify:
ARTICLE I.
That the names of the Incorporators
are Charles G. Laybourn, Geo. Merchant, Arthur W. Force and William
H. Dawson.
ARTICLE II.
That the name of the Corporation is
MINERAL CREEK COPPER COMPANY, LIMITED, and that the principal place of business shall be in Phoenix, Arizona, and it shall have a branch
office at Minneapolis and at such other
places in such other states and territories as shall in the judgment of the
Board of Directors seem necessary for
the proper conduct of its business.
ARTICLE III.
That the object of this Corporation,
and the business to be transacted by
it, is the locating and purchasing or
leasing of mines and mineral lands, and
opening, equipping, operating, leasing,
selling or otherwise disposing of such
mines and lands. It shall have the
power to construct tunnels, sink shafts,
locate mill sites, construct and establish mill buildings, install machinery;
own and operate stamp mills, and machinery used in the business of mining;
acquire, build, maintain, operate and
dispose of pipe lines for conveying and
conducting water and other fluids; to
acquire, hold, enjoy and dispose of
rights of way for the purpose thereof
and for other purposes: build roads and
bridges and otherwise connect their
holdings with navigable streams or
with roads and other highways.
It shall also have the power to purchase or exchange milling or other corporate stocks; to borrow or loan money
on reliable security; to purchase, sell
and deal in sureties, warrants and stocks
of every description; and generally to
acquire, manage, hold and improve and
dispose of real and personal property,
and do such other things as may be
necessary for the full and complete execution of the purposes set forth above,
and for the exercise of the powers and
transaction of the business of the corporation, including mining, manufacturing and road building, for which we
have hereby associated ourselves: and
to do any and all things necessary to
carry on the aforesaid business and to
connect it with the commerce of the
world.
ARTICLE IV.
That the amount of the capital stock
of this corporation shall be one million
five hundred thousand ($1,500,000) dollars, divided into one million five hundred thousand (1,500,000) shares, of one
dollar ($1.00) each, which when issued
shall be fully paid and forever non-assessable, of which eight hundred
thousand (800,000) shares shall be set
apart and known as treasury stock, and
shall not be voted while held as such,
but when sold and entered upon the
books of the Corporation, and cash,
stock or other property received for
same, then the shares so sold shall
have the same voting power that each
and every other share has.
ARTICLE V.
That this corporation shall begin
business on the date of filing of these
articles of Incorporation with the
County Recorder in and for Maricopa
County, Territory of Arizona, and a
certified copy of same with the Secretary of said Territory, and shall terminate at the expiration of twenty-five
years thereafter.
ARTICLE VI.
That the management and conduct of
the business of this corporation shall
be by a board of directors of not less
than seven nor more than eleven, who
shall each be a stockholder. That the
officers of this corporation shall be a
president, a vice president, a secretary,
a treasurer and an attorney, all of
whom shall be elected at the annual
meeting of stockholders in each year
beginning with December 16, 1902, notice of said meeting to be mailed to
each stockholder by the secretary not
less than two weeks before the holding
of same. The above named officers
shall also be members of the Board of
Directors, which board shall also be
elected at the said annual meeting of
stockholders. There shall also be
elected at each annual meeting an auditing committee consisting of three
stockholders who shall not be officers.
There shall also be a superintendent of
property who shall be appointed by the
Board of Directors.
The first annual meeting of this corporation shall be held on the third
Tuesday in December, 1902, and until
such annual election the following
persons shall be the officers and directors: Charles G. Laybourn, President and Director; Marvin Quackenbush, Vice President and Director; W.
H. Dawson, Secretary and Director; A.
W. Force, Treasurer and Director;
Her. D. Smith, Attorney and Director;
E. E. Martin, Director; W. R. Hodges,
Director; Geo. Merchant, Director; J.
W. White, Director; E. P. Nelson, Director; J. F. McArthur, Director.
ARTICLE VII.
That the highest amount of indebtedness of this corporation shall not exceed Ten Thousand Dollars, and no
contract shall be made for the expenditure of over Five Hundred Dollars
without a vote of a majority of the
Board of Directors in favor of such expenditure.
ARTICLE VIII.
That the private property of each
and every stockholder of this corporation shall be exempt from all corporate debts.
ARTICLE IX.
That these articles may be altered or
amended by a two-thirds vote of all
stock issued, at any regular meeting or
at a special meeting called for that
purpose after giving at least twenty
days notice of the same, said notice
stating the purpose for which said special meeting is being called by mailing
to each stockholder a letter to his last
known address. The Board of Directors may adopt such by-laws as in its
judgment may be necessary and proper
for the government of the corporation,
and its officers, and may alter or amend
the same from time to time as such alterations and amendments seem to
them necessary.
In witness whereof we have hereunto
set our hands and seals this 7th day
of January, 1902.
CHARLES G. LAYBOURN. (Seal.)
ARTHUR W. FORCE. (Seal.)
GEORGE MERCHANT. (Seal.)
W. H. DAWSON. (Seal.)
Signed in the presence of
RICHARD TATTERSFIELD.
G. IRVIN ROYCE.
State of Minnesota, County of Hennepin, ss.
Before me, RICHARD TATTERSFIELD,
a Notary Public in and for the above
named county and state, on this
day personally appeared Charles G.
Laybourn, Arthur W. Force, George
Merchant and W. H. Dawson, known to
me to be the persons whose names are
subscribed to the foregoing instrument,
and acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes and
considerations therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of
office this 7th day of January, 1902.
(Notarial Seal)
RICHARD TATTERSFIELD.
Notary Public.
Hennepin County, Minn.
My commission expires September
27th, 1906.
First publication January 18.

All advertisements running for less time
FOR RENT
FOR RENT—in the Anderson block,
one store room, all the second floor
and basement of the building. Situated at the northwest corner of
Washington and First streets. For full
information apply to L. E. Hewins,
No. 41 East Adams street, Phoenix.
FOR RENT—Eighty-acre place, mostly
in alfalfa; well fenced. Attractive
small house with good shade. Two
miles from Glendale. Right party can
secure place at a very reasonable
figure. Dwight B. Heard, corner Center and Adams streets.
FOR RENT—Five-room new house with
bath. 531 South First avenue.
FOR RENT—Fine two-story brick
house, seven rooms; all conveniences;
nice yard; in best residence part of
the city. Will rent reasonable to respectable party; no invalids. Address
this office.
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Handsomely furnished
rooms, modern conveniences, reasonable. Apply at Alamo, Monroe street
between Center and First.
CAPITAL HOTEL—Newly furnished
rooms, also furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
TWO neat furnished rooms for rent. $1
per week. Inquire of Wm. Limbrock,
214 E. Washington St.
FOR RENT—Elegantly furnished
rooms. The Arcade, 32 S. Center St.
Free baths in connection. Furniture
new. No sick people taken.
HOTEL IRVING, 530 West Washington street. Newly furnished rooms;
reasonable. Telephone 2775.
NICK—Sunny rooms for housekeeping.
500 N. Third Ave.
FOR RENT—Two nice sunny, furnished housekeeping rooms. 332 N.
Fifth St.
THE LELAND—Adams street, opposite Hotel Adams. Rooms $3.50 to
$4.00 per week. Invalids, room and
board, $10 to $12 per week.
PRIVATE BOARDING
ROOMS AND BOARD—Newly furnished rooms; home cooking; especially nutritious food. 27 Indiana St.
near Seventh Ave.
BOARDERS WANTED—In nice country home. Enquire Fruit Stand, Post
office building.
COUNTRY BOARD—Persons desiring
first-class rooms and board can find
same at Rumney's ranch on Grand
avenue, miles from city. Mail delivered every morning. Free transportation to and from city daily.
Telephone 3321.
SITUATIONS WANTED
WANTED—Position as bookkeeper or
office work; permanent resident;
moderate wages. Address Employment office, Room 6, Monihan Building.
YOUNG man, 17 years of age, wants
position: strong and healthy and not
afraid of work. Address Box 15, The
Republican.
WANTED—Position in private family
as first-class cook or as housekeeper.
Address Y. Z., Republican office.
WANTED—Expert bookkeeper wants
a position; permanent resident of city.
References. Address this office.
HELP WANTED
WANTED—A girl to wait at table.
English Kitchen, North First street.
WANTED—Girl for chamber work;
also small, healthy boy about 15
years old. Address "Home," care
Republican office.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Youth's business for sale.
Compelled to go east cause of sale.
Room 6, Monihan building.
FOR SALE—A piano at a great sacrifice. 41 North Sixth avenue.
FOR SALE—Two good work or driving mares, single or double, and
many other horses and ponies at a
bargain. 37 South First street. R.
B. Cannon, 'phone 2264.
FOR SALE—Sound cottonwood: stove
size; $3.50 per cord delivered. Call
this office.
FOR SALE—One 400 egg Prairie State
incubator, good as new, $25.00. Also
brooders, cheap. J. Webster Johnson,
two miles south of Tempe.
FOR SALE—One splendid, gentle family buggy horse: can be driven by a
lady. Inquire at this office.
POULTRY RANCH FOR SALE—20
acres fine garden and fruit land;
water right, good fence, two-room
house, cistern, large poultry house,
coops, 100 brown Leghorn chickens.
Price, $400. Electric cars to Indian
School, thence one mile north on Cave
Creek road. Inquire Mr. Brashear.
THRIFT'S ROSES are for sale now at
corner Fourth Ave. and Jefferson.
Also peppers, carnations, pansies, etc.
FOR SALE—Cheap. Well located lot
on car line, with two tent houses. Inquire Weirlock & Latham, 47 N. Center St.
FOR SALE—Holstein milch cow, also
calf. Golden Wing Ranch. McDowell
road, telephone 3731.
FOR SALE—Well matched span of fine
driving horses. Inquire of J. C. Watson, Buckeye Canal office.
GREAT DANE PUPS for sale. Inquire
of Walter Lund, Glendale.
FOR SALE—First-class saloon property in one of Yavapai county's best
mining camps. Reason for sale:
death of owner. For particulars address Box "J," Prescott, Ariz.

than one month must be paid in advance.

REAL ESTATE
FOR RENT—Furnished houses and
rooms.
FOR RENT—Vacant houses.
FOR SALE—Orange lands.
FOR SALE—Ten-acre ranches and upwards. FOR SALE—Vacant lots in most desirable parts of the city.
FOR SALE—Homes on easy terms.
MONEY to loan at low rates of interest. Insurance placed in reliable
companies. Conveyancing done accurately. Anything and everything
in the real estate line.
J. ERNEST WALKER.
No. 16 South Second Avenue. Office
Phone 501. Residence phone 3031.
FOR SALE or exchange—Lots in
North Capitol addition for Phoenix
or California property. North
Fifth avenue.
FOR SALE—Lease of ranch with 20
acres of alfalfa, fifteen minutes from
Phoenix post office. House of five
rooms; plenty of shade trees; good
orchard of apples, peaches, apples,
pears and figs. Incubator house,
chicken yard with coops, and 225 laying hens. Less than $400 required.
Address F. O., Republican office.
CHOICE LOT, Bennett add., for sale at
half price. Owner, P. O. box 1235.
FOR SALE OR RENT—The Dorris
lodging house after February 1st.
Apply to C. D. Dorris.
FOR SALE—The Kuroy's New Palestine Cottage: one of the coziest cottage homes in Phoenix; lovely large
grounds, shade trees, alfalfa, roses,
gravel walks, etc., a truly typical
home. Apply on the premises, 911 S.
First ave.
FOR SALE—Poultry farm fully equipped. This place has yielded returns
at the rate of 8 per cent per month
on investment for the last seven
months. Box 396, Phoenix, Arizona.
BICYCLE TIRES, best and cheapest,
9 S. First Ave.
FOR SALE—Lot of fine game chickens. Call on or address No. 45 West
Washington St., Doll's saloon.
LOST AND FOUND
FOUND—Pair of gloves, owner can
have same by paying for this ad.
LOST—A gold brooch with pearl, engraved "M. to H." Finder please return to this office and receive reward.
LOST—A fox terrier puppy, answers to
the name of "Teddy." Drop information to XXX, this office.
LOST—On or about the 28th of Dec.,
1901, a sealskin cape. Owner can
have same by proving property and
paying for ad. Address F. R. Taylor,
box 126, city.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS
MRS. ELIA A. EDWARDS, experienced card-reader, tells past, present
and future: Ladies, 25c; gentlemen,
50 cents. 231 Buchanan street, corner
of Third street.
SADDLE PONIES—Wanted two gentle, good-gaited ponies or horses. Address "O. A. K.," P. O. Box 571.
WANTED—One or two chair barbers.
Fair income and price. Box 20, Arizona Republican.
WANTED TO RENT—Two good milch
cows. Apply next to Grand corral
on Center street.
FLANNELS WASHED by Miss Nellie
Warren. 137 S. Second St.
WANTED—To buy strawberry plants.
Address E. E. Leech, Irwindale, Los
Angeles county, Cal.
AUCTIONEER—Hammond now ready
for all sale engagements at the same
place. 15 South First ave.
CLOTHING or delicacies for the poor
and sick can be left at the rooms of
the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, corner of Monroe and Central
Ave. They will be carefully distributed. Those in need please call.
WANTED—A family driving horse:
must be gentle, a good traveler, and
stylish. State age, price and where
can be seen. Address "A.," Republican office.
PROFESSIONAL
ASSAYER AND METALLURGIST.
J. Q. A. KING, Assayer and Metallurgist,
All kinds of laboratory tests for best
reduction method. Office and laboratory, 18 N. 2nd Ave., Phoenix, Arizona.
VETERINARY SURGEON.
DR. HOWARD RAMSAY. Veterinary
Surgeon and Dentist. Graduate Ontario Veterinary College. Office, corner First
avenue and Monroe street, Ambrose
Corral, Phoenix, Arizona. Telephone
3313.
ATTORNEY AT-LAW.
J. W. CRENSHAW, Attorney-at-Law,
Phoenix, Ariz. Office 211 Fleming
F. O. RICHMOND, M. D., C., Phoenix,
Arizona. Veterinary Surgeon and Dentist: diseases of all domestic animals
scientifically treated. Office, 35 North
Center street. Residence 537 West Van
Buren street. 'Phone 1001. No charge
for consultation. Agent for the Horse
Review.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
E. E. PASCOE, Notary Public. Conveyancing a specialty. Acknowledgments taken. 110 North Center street,
opposite Hotel Adams.
EXPERT ACCOUNTANT.
J. HENRY WOOD, Expert Accountant.
Tel. 131. Phoenix, Ariz. Books of account audited and systematized; mining
and other investments investigated; also acts as Incorporator and agent for Arizona corporations. Formerly Savings Bank Auditor, Buffalo, N. Y., Treasurer and Manager Cobre Grande Copper Co., Golden Wave Mining Co., etc., etc.
OSTEOPATH.
MRS. ANNA E. SCHITZ, D. O., Room 4,
Monihan Building, Cor. Washington and
N. 1st Ave. Graduate of the Columbian
School of Osteopathy, Kirksville, Aio.
MUSIC.
MISS WELCH IS PLANNING A NEW
departure in music for Phoenix—a
kindergarten to teach music to beginners. In the east it has become
the popular method for starting small
children in music. Those wishing the
work explained please send in a request, as the number will be limited
and several have spoken for places.
Miss Welch also has the agency for
as fine a piano as is made at almost
half price. Studio, 127 N. Fourth Ave.
PROF. MICHAEL FOUNTAIN has arrived from the Boston Conservatory of
Music. He has studied under the celebrated and great Eugene Gruenberg,
the greatest teacher in America, if not
in the world. Prof. Fountain's studio
is at the Home Savings Bank on
North Center street, Nicholson building, room No. 7. Prepared to give lessons on
all instruments. Specialty mandolin and
violin. Special prices to children.
PRIVATE HOME FOR LADIES in confinement. Regt of physicians in attendance. Homes found for children. 727
Bellevue, Los Angeles, Cal.
MISS TROWBRIDGE, TEACHER of
water-color and oil painting. Studio 410
Fleming Block. Class hours, 10 to 12
and 2 to 4. No classes Tuesday or Friday. Pictures on sale. Visitors always
welcome.
SEE C. M. HIGGINS FOR WELL DIGGING and pump repairing. 117 South
Seventh avenue.
Southern Pacific Co.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Commencing January 30, 1902, trains
will leave Maricopa as follows:
3:00 A. M. DAILY—NEW ORLEANS
express for Tucson, Benson,
Deming, El Paso, San Antonio, Houston,
New Orleans. Connecting at New Orleans for Cincinnati and Chicago; also
for Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York and Boston.
1:00 P. M. DAILY—MIXED TRAIN
for Gila Bend and way stations.
4:00 P. M. DAILY—MIXED TRAIN
for Tucson and way stations.
9:10 P. M. DAILY—PACIFIC EXPRESS
for Los Angeles, Fresno,
Sacramento and San Francisco. Connections at Sacramento and San Francisco for points in Oregon, Nevada and
Utah. T. H. GOODMAN.
Gen. Pass. Agt.
HARRISON HOTEL—The oldest in the city. Enjoys the best standing with
respectable tradesmen, buys everything
at spot cash price and gives the best
25 cent meal. Private rooms for families. Tickets, $4.50. Single
Meals, 25 cents.
TUCK, HING & CO.
22-24 E. Wash. St., East of Jacobs &
News and Opinions
of
National Importance
THE SUN
ALONE
CONTAINS BOTH
Daily, by mail—Daily
and Sunday, by mail
$6 a year
$8 a year
The Sunday Sun
is the greatest Sunday Newspaper in
the World.
Price 5c a copy. By mail, $2 a year.
Address, THE SUN, New York.
PROTECT
YOURSELF
This is especially essential to
your welfare while traveling. If
contemplating a trip EAST
do not overlook the fact that by
taking the Santa Fe you will be
doing so by having avoided
needless changes, lay-overs and
exposures.
Our Harvey Eating and Dining Car System is second to
none. Try it.
Travel via the only line
operating its own trains from
Phoenix and the Pacific Coast
to Chicago.
Through train leaves Phoenix
5:20 a. m. (city time) daily.
For rates, Pullman space, etc.,
call on or address
H. LANDIS,
General Agent.
THE HOFFMAN
The downtown Alley is cool, the Beer is
fresh at storage and is
H. ANHUSBERG, Proprietor.
2080 S. 3rd St.
FIRST CLASS LIQUORS
The
HIRSCHFELD PREMIUMS
Proprietor to ra
Imported and Domestic Wines, R
Liquors and Cigars
14-16 W. Washington
Street
W. RHODE,
Proprietor