ARIZONA REPUBLICAN. THURSDAY, JULY 17, 1902.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.
PUBLISHED BY THE
ARIZONA PUBLISHING CO.
GEO. W. VICKERS, Pres. and Gen. Mgr.
Exclusive Morning Associated Press
dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press in Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes in Ari
zona. Publication office: 36-38 East Adams
Street. Telephone No. 47.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year $9.00
Weekly, one year 2.00
Cash in advance.
BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month .75

unionlabel

Arizona visitors to the coast will find
The Daily Republican on sale at the
following places in Los Angeles: West
minster hotel newsstand, Hollenbeck
hotel newsstand, and B. F. Gardner, 303
South Spring street.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, JULY 17, 1902.
The announcement from Washington
that the war department has set aside
the sum of $120,000 to
PRESCOTT'S be expended during the
GOOD LUCK. current fiscal year in
the rebuilding of Fort
Whipple is welcome news to Arizona.
That a considerable sum would be used
for that purpose this year was already
known, but it was hardly hoped that
the appropriation would be so large.
And this expenditure is but the begin
ning. Before the completion of the
work of rehabilitation, very nearly a
half million will have been expended.
Thus Prescott is assured a great and
modern post. And it is but simple just
ice to point out at this time that Pres
cott and the territory are indebted sole
ly, so far as aid within the territory is
concerned, to F. M. Murphy and N. O.
Murphy for this magnificent improve
ment. Had it not been for their inde
fatigable efforts, prosecuted through a
series of years and in the face of num
berless obstacles and discouragements,
Whipple would have remained an aban
doned post, the abode of owls.
If the people of Prescott are wise
they will not rest with this good for
tune, however. It is highly desirable
that the post buildings be constructed
of the most lasting and fire-proof ma
terial, and this material is at hand in
the Kirkland tufa. This tufa is an ideal
building stone, as is witnessed by the
territorial capitol. The attention of the
war department should be directed to
the superiority of tufa over all other
material and to its great advantage in
point of cheapness.

With great reluctance, of course,
Charlie Shannon has submitted to an
interview in his Tucson
THE organ, and has shyly ad-
HOT TIME mitted that he is a can
COMING. didate for the democratic
nomination for delegate
in congress. This admission is not sur
prising to the democracy of the terri
tory, but divers democrats will be made
more cheerful, for it presages the open
ing of the Shannon barrel. Mr. Shan
non makes no sensational announce
ments in his interview. He frankly
states that any sort of a platform suits
him, provided it bears the democratic
label, but he intimates that if nomin
ated he will make the suppression of
the trusts the chief issue of his cam
paign. His modesty is to be commend
ed. The suppression of the trusts will
be an easy before-breakfast job for a
territorial delegate, and it is not unrea
sonable for him to hope to rally the
democratic hosts to his banner on such
an issue. To what extent this will be
an encroachment upon the Wilson pre
serves remains to be determined, how
ever. The general is quite a trust
buster himself, and such unanimity is
not conducive to an exciting campaign.
But the campaign will be hot enough
shortly.

We note with pain that there is a
determination to liven up the campaign
between Mr. Shannon and the general
in a way that promises to raise the
temperature in democratic circles. For
instance, here comes the esteemed
Democrat of yesterday, a loyal Wilson
organ, and makes these observations
for the attention of Mr. Shannon:
"There are over 5,000 miners in Ari
zona. Their active opposition to any
man precludes him from the political
arena.
"The democracy of Arizona cannot
afford to court defeat by nominating
as its candidate for delegate to con
gress a man who will antagonize the
mining vote in this territory. Such a
course would be absolute folly."
This, we hold, is little short of cruelty
to animals. Why do the Wilson people
insist upon dragging in things of the
past? Why not let memories of the
Twenty-first legislature slumber? And
why this assumption that the miners of
Arizona still remember that legisla
ture's dealings with the proposed eight
hour law and the mine inspection bill?
Mr. Shannon is one of the most ami
able of gentlemen and journalists, and
we feel assured that he is willing to
meet the miners half way and forget
all about these measures if they will.
And they should be content with his
promise to bust the trusts. Think of
the distress which Arizona miners will
suffer if the trusts are not busted!
For the miners who are not interested
in the trust-busting programme, Mr.
Shannon offers Sixteen to One. To be
sure, he says in his interview that sil
ver is no longer an issue, but he is will
ing to make it such if the democracy
wills it.
However, General Wilson and his
supporters should not rely too strongly
on the hostility of the miners. They
would be playing practical politics to
better advantage if they would take
steps to run a mine on primary day
under Joseph Lancaster Brent Alexan
der, Vernon Clark, Judge Baker, Neri
Osborn, Paul Kruger and the other boys
who manipulate the democracy of Mar
icopa county on election day. There is
a trust which Wilson has reason to
view "with alarm."
And we fear that Dr. Hughes will
have to empty the war chest of the
"Young Men's Democratic Club" of
Phoenix in order to offset the allure
ments of the Shannon barrel when the
Maricopa county primaries are held.

PROPER
ACTION
AT LAST.

"I do not look as
though I ever was
sick."
When a woman is sick she falls off in
looks. This is particularly the case
when she suffers from diseases peculiar
to her sex. Not only is her strength
undermined, but she loses beauty of
face and grace of form.
It is characteristic of the cures of
womanly diseases effected by the use of
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription, that
with restored health there is a restora
tion of good looks.
"Favorite Prescription" establishes
regularity, dries weakening drains, heals
inflammation and ulceration and cures
female weakness.
"I wish to thank you for the good your medi
cines have done me," writes Mrs. Mae Brown, of
Canton, Fulton Co., Ills. "I was troubled with
female weakness and doctored with several dif
ferent doctors. They did not seem to help me;
indeed I got worse all the time. I had ulcera
tion and displacement of the uterus. What I
suffered no tongue can tell. I had heavy bearing-down
pains and thought my back would
kill me. I also had a very bad drain, but after
taking five bottles of 'Favorite Prescription'
and three of 'Golden Medical Discovery,' I am
feeling as well as ever. It has been almost two
years and I have had no return of the trouble.
My friends tell me I don't look as though I ever
was sick."
Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.

We are glad to see that the Los An
geles Times has changed its views of
the situation at Long
Beach. The drowning of
two young men from Los
Angeles last Sunday evi
dently brought the matter
home to the Times in a more impressive
form than did the drowning of people
from Phoenix, and the subject is not at
all funny now. That paper remarks:
"It might as well be clearly under
stood that Long Beach is unsafe for
bathers, and will be so until proper
provision shall be made for their pro
tection. The many sorrowful tragedies
that have occurred at Long Beach de
monstrate beyond any question that
even the most powerful swimmers are
in danger when entering that surf, and
until proper life-saving facilities have
been supplied. Sunday's tragedy was
cruel and heartbreaking. There should
never be another like it at any resort
on this placid coast."
It is still more gratifying to know
that the comments of The Republican
and of the Los Angeles papers have at
last stirred the town authorities of
Long Beach to action. We are informed
that the people of that place are now
thoroughly aroused, and that the mayor
and city council have decided to take
proper measures for the protection of
bathers.
The New York correspondent of the
Philadelphia Public Ledger calls atten
tion to the wonderful growth of the
banks of the big cities in the past de
cade. There are at present fifty-nine
banks in the New York clearing house
whose aggregate capital is $98,872,700.
In 1892 there were sixty-four banks in
the clearing house, but their capital
was $60,372,700, or $38,500,000 less. The
average capital per bank is now $1,676,
808, and was then $943,323. The four
banks having the heaviest capital are
now the National City, $25,000,000; the
National Bank of Commerce, $10,000,000;
the First National, $10,000,000, and the
American Exchange National, $10,000,
000, a total of $55,000,000. These four
institutions represent more than one
half of the present capitalization of all
the banks in the clearing house.

A bulletin relating to agriculture in
Wyoming issued by the census bureau
has this to say on irrigation: "The
progress of agriculture during the de
cade ending with 1900 is attributable to
the successful raising of hay and for
age, cereals and other crops. The total
increase in irrigated land in ten years
was 379,262 acres. Most of this land
was public domain in 1890. At a low es
timate its present average value is $10
per acre or $3,792,620. Irrigation has
added this large amount to the farm
wealth of the state."

Democratic orators who are prepar
ing to cite the strikes of the past year
as an argument against republican poli
cies would do well to lay in a few
ready answers to awkward questions
from the populace. For instance, it will
require some versatility to get around
the fact that in these times all the
strikes are for increase of wages, and
none of them against a decrease.

Many thoughtful people will be in
clined to concede, after reading Mr.
Schwab's statement under oath as to
the profits of the steel trust, that the
"infant industry" controlled by the
trust is now sufficiently robust to pros
per under a modification of the tariff
schedules covering iron and steel.

A ROMANTIC SUICIDE IN PARIS.

The police are investigating the cir
cumstances connected with a sad and
romantic tragedy of which the victim
is apparently an Englishwoman of posi
tion. It seems that on Wednesday last
a young lady, described as very beau
tiful and of distinguished bearing, but
very sad looking, arrived at the St.
Lazare Station hotel. She gave the
name of Olga Clemens, her age as twenty-five,
and her nationality as English,
and stated that she had come to Paris
from Strasbourg. From the moment of
her arrival she kept her own room al
most continuously, but yesterday she
was observed carrying packets of flow
ers to her apartments.
At midnight one of the men servants
of the hotel, while making his custo
mary round in order to make sure that
all was well, heard two revolver shots.
He forced the door of the mysterious
guest's room and found her lying dead,
shot twice through the heart. She was
clad in a rose-colored dressing gown,
and she lay upon a heap of beautiful
flowers. In the fireplace were the car
bonized remains of many papers, which
the lady had evidently burned before
taking her young life.
The police were at once communicat
ed with, and M. Garnot, the local com
missary, proceeded to the room and
took possession of a large sum of mon
ey which had belonged to the deceased,
and also a voluminous correspondence
in English. The latter is now being
translated, with a view to ascertaining
if possible the identity of the lady and
the motives which led to the tragedy.
Paris correspondence London Chronicle.

WHY BUSINESS MEN FAIL.

Governor Brodie's selection of Major
I. M. Christy for territorial treasurer,
to fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of Mr. T. W. Pemberton, will
meet general approval. Major Christy
will succeed one of the best citizens in
Arizona, but that he will be a worthy
successor to Mr. Pemberton nobody
questions. For many years he has been
a resident of the Salt River valley, and
is known throughout the territory as a
man of unquestionable integrity and
high ability. And he is a good republican.

According to good authority the total
number of business failures in the Un
ited States last year was 10,628. The
causes of these are divided into two
classes, those due to the man himself
and those due to others, the former of
course being the largest and most sig
nificant. Of failures under this first
heading, 3,222, the largest number, are
attributed to lack of capital; incompe
tence comes next with 2,023 failures to
its credit, and other causes follow in
this order: Speculation, 1,131; fraud,
1,154; inexperience, 828; competi
tion, 466 and unwise credits, 376.
Contrary to what many might have
been led to expect, speculation is set
down as a cause of business disaster
in only 141 cases, and extravagance ac
counts for only 101.