tea i.
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 17, 1910,
MID WAY PROSPECT
5- f
it
tin
Si"
2
Of
CO
FIBLO CO
.it
GUSHER J
I

-10.

0

CO.

:.
-c "p-
CM UUS

Repro
duced
From
Official
Map of
Terri
tory

14,

3

as .:

k is-

PfiOPSATYOA '-

i. -

n n i

a

Well No. 1 Midway Producers Oil Company
life
Gushers Corner of Midway View Property Showing their Well

In the "Heart of the Midway" Surrounded by the Record Oil Wells of the World!

CAPITAL STOCK $1,000,000 TREASURY STOCK $825,000

t

PROPERTY
The property of this company is located right in the heart of the proven oil belt of the
world's greatest oil field at Maricopa. A full equipment of drilling machinery now erected and
Well No. 1 down 585 feet in the upper oil sands. Success is an absolute certainty. Oil and
gas in Well No. 1 now flows to the top of the casing. Property in direct line of the high gushers.
Company is in hands of experienced and reliable men.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
LEE C. GATES Chief Counsel Title Insurance and Trust Co., and Hire Ranch Oil Co.
THOMAS HUGHES Hughes Manufacturing Co., and Western Union Oil Co.
ROBERT N. BULLA Attorney and Secretary Central Oil Co., of Whittier.
SENATOR N. W. THOMPSON Senator Southern California.
DR. J. T. STEWART Los Angeles, Calif.
Register of Stock and Transfer Agents. OIL AND METALS BANK AND TRUST COMPANY. 311 W. Third St., Los Angeles.

200,000 Shares of Stock at 25 Cents per Share
Are offered to obtain additional operating and purchasing funds. The completion of our Well No. 1 will make this stock worth many times its present selling price. We now have oil. It is
only a question of how great a gusher we bring in. The Lakeview gusher is producing Twenty Thousand Dollars a day in oil. The stock of the company is worth per share. Within a
radius of one and one-half miles of our property are four of the world's greatest oil wells. Our property is proven. Our rig is on the ground. Well No. 1 is full to the top of the casing. The management is in the hands of well known men, who have made their fortunes in oil. Write or wire us at once. This will be the only offering of stock at this price. Stock to be listed
after payment of first dividends. Prospectus mailed upon request. Certificates of stock delivered through the Oil and Metals Bank and Trust Co. Checks or drafts payable to

MIDWAY PRODUCERS' OIL COMPANY

315 South Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
402-404 Homer Laughlin Building.

BY

COLORED PLAYERS in

Line and monologues.
A neat sum was realized for the
benefit of the fund, for which they

are thankful to the management of the

Rialto and all who helped to make

so.

-o

Indian School Auditorium Packed to
See "Tragedy of the Royal
House," by Local Talent.

New vaudeville tonight,
same.
o

New air-

It is not often that local talent attracts and pleases as did the members
and friends of Tanner Temple A. M. E. Church in their play entitled "The
Tragedy of the Royal House," at the
Indian school auditorium Friday evening. James H. Robison demonstrated
his right to a place among the best
amateur dramatists of the country.
The scenery was the very best and
was secured at great expense for this
particular play.
The palace of King Hodo of Africa
with the king seated upon his throne
and his retinue of servants presented
a very realistic and striking picture.
Mrs. Jennie McClother as Africa's Queen with her daughter, Princess Ma
tilda, played by Mrs. Anna B. Scott,
and S. K. Robinson, who took the
character of Comodo, her son, all per
formed their parts very creditably.
Myphuth, the king of Egypt, repre
sented by T. H. Wiseman, with his
queen, Mrs. Pearl Burney, seated to
his right upon the throne, with a daz
zlingly garbed train of servants at
tending them, gave the audience a
picture of real Egyptian life seldom
seen on any stage.
Mr. Wiseman, as usual, swayed his
large audience at will with his rich,
melodious baritone voice as he sang,
"A Son of the Soil Am I," and "Arizona
for Mine." Samuel Steele, Jr., as a
chief of the Africans, Philip Green as
Logiby, the lord attending, Pearl McKinney as Martchi, the son of King
Myphuth, and Forest Barney as a
royal messenger to Egypt, without an
exception played their parts with a
deal of enthusiasm and intelligence.
Mrs. Frances Collier appeared to ad
vantage as the waitress of the queen.
Ina Wells, Stella Jackson, Ethel
Steele as the witches and little Geraldine Clarimand, Edith Steele as the
flower girls added so little toward the
success of the play. Mrs. Frank Shirley, Mrs. Karina Steele and Mr. J. W.
Whittles brought down the house with
their singing. Professor Satted's wit and Kendall Trindle's sketching of their
acting met with favor.

Minds
On
Works f:
.. ;. - Clear

POSTUM
"There's a Reason."
Read, "The Road to Wellville."

In pkgs.

THE STORY OF THE TELEPHONE.
"Hello! hello! is this Chicago?"
Every day these five words are asked
and answered by New York parties and in the
next instant the voice in far away
Chicago answers. Truly it is wonder
ful, this conversing with friends nine
hundred and seventy miles away as
easily as though they sat beside you
and with every natural tone and char
acteristic of the voice maintained and
faithfully recorded.
Few of us know that it is not actually
our friend's voice that we hear
when we use the telephone. It is mere
ly an accurate reproduction of that
voice faithfully copied, remembered
and repeated by that marvel of all
marvels, electricity.
If the telephone was but a medium
to transmit sound waves it would be
far, indeed, from the convenience it is
now. Sound travels very slowly when
compared with electricity or light, as
the speed of sound waves through the
air is only 1,080 feet a second. It is
nine hundred and seventy miles from
New York to Chicago or 5,102,200 feet;
therefore it would take a sound wave
4,724 seconds to travel the distance,
supposing, of course, it were possible
for sound to travel that distance and
be audible. This equals seventy-eight
minutes or an hour and eighteen minutes. Therefore, if you said "Hello" in
this end of a sound-wave line you
would have to wait two hours and
thirty-six minutes to get an answer
from Chicago. At this rate of speed, if
a man had much to say, he might better take a fast train and go to Chi
cago not to mention what the tolls
would be for an ordinary conversation
at the usual rates.
Sound waves can be likened to
waves in a mill pond when a stone
disturbs the calm water. The waves
start out in complete circles and run
slower and flatter until they fade
away entirely or run up against some
thing. The human voice is audible in
ordinary conversation for only a few
yards and the lusty voice of a strong
man on a still morning can be heard
less than a mile. Giant siren whistles
can be heard in still air for eight
miles and much further, than
that if the wind is blowing from the
whistle to the listener or shorter if
conditions are reversed. Cannon and
thunder can be heard the farthest. The
speaking-tube is the only telephone
which actually transmits sound waves
in the air. Sound will also travel
through metal, water, gases and most
any other solid or gaseous substances,
and is greatly muffled by soft fibers
such as wool, cotton, sawdust, dirt,
etc. Sound waves can also be trans
mitted in a crude way through wire,
and short telephones have been act ually constructed after this plan.
In some respects sound waves are
like light waves. They may be re
flected as everyone who has listened
to an echo can testify, refracted or
bent out of their natural course, or
distracted, sent through an open win
dow, or a hole in a building; but they
travel very slowly because their way
through the air is so difficult and they
soon lose their force and die out.
(Electric News Service) Bulletin.

FOUND AT LAST
During the last eight months there
has been demonstrated and proven
beyond a doubt, in Los Angeles,
that Ayeric & Crite, 214 North
Main street, Los Angeles, manu
facture a remedy that actually
cures consumption in its worst
forms—providing the patient has at
least three months' life remaining
when beginning the treatment.
Fifty patients have been treated,
pronounced incurable by three or
nine physicians, who stand ready
to testify, upon request, to the
above facts.
To convince the skeptical world
that a cure for consumption has
been found at last, any case un
dertaken will be done under the
guarantee of "pay when cured."
Remedy sent to any part of the
world.

1

WHY PROCRASTINATE

Permit us to remind you that there
will never be any more lots for sale in LOS OLIVOS
than there are now—that the prices will
never be lower.

DWIGHT B. HEARD
Cor. Center and Adams

7. I