THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: FRIDAY MORNING, AUGUST 5, 1898.  

The Arizona Republican.  

THE PUBLIC AND PHILIPPINES.  

Character of the same, again endorses what "Equal Rights" has to say, and if, as has been reported, the president is anxious to secure opinions of the leading newspapers as fairly representative of what the people think, he can arrive immediately at certain well-defined conclusions. First, he cannot fail to see that the sentiment in favor of retaining the islands is very strong. It is stronger than it was when Dewey destroyed the Spanish fleet in Manila bay. It is probably stronger than it was a month or six weeks ago. It is by no means unanimous, but the great majority of republican papers are ranged on the side of annexation, and the proportion of democratic journals taking the same view is by no means inconsiderable.  

It is scarcely too much to say, also, that the general tone of the independent press is favorable rather to the absorption of the archipelago in our government system than to any other policy thus far proposed. This widespread sentiment is the product of the most various causes. There are papers that believe in annexation because they see no other reasonable course to be pursued. They do not think the United States can relinquish the islands to Spain, and they are certain it would be folly to hand them over to the insurgents. They revolt, also, against the idea that we ought to make a present of the group to any continental power. This class of journals rests their advocacy of annexation on mere negative grounds. Some of them frankly say they wish we could avoid the responsibility of taking the islands, but do not see how we can conscientiously do so. We must make, they affirm, the best of a bad bargain and retain not only Manila but the entire colony.  

Other papers are in favor of annexation for positive reasons. They regard the Philippines as one of the richest provinces on the face of the earth. They point to our already large trade with Manila and Iloilo and argue that if we absorb the islands we shall enter perforce on a new era of commercial prosperity. With a string of insular possessions stretching across the Pacific, our western cities will grow in wealth and importance and a new impulse be given to every branch of productive industry. A third class among annexationists are less impressed by the advantages attaining to us in a commercial way, but insist we have no moral right to abandon the archipelago either to Spain or to the insurgents. Under Castilian or native rule, they say, the islands would remain in densest ignorance and vice, nor should we in part agree to the imposition of a purely continental civilization upon them. What we ought to do is to make more certain the dominance of the Anglo-Saxon in the far east. We should send our surplus ministers of the gospel and school teachers across the Pacific and begin the tedious task of lifting the eight or ten million Filipinos to a higher level of civilization. We have no right to let them stay in their present lamented condition, when by annexing the islands we can work their political and ultimately perhaps their intellectual and moral salvation.  

Less convinced than the journals which recommend annexation for any or all of the reasons given are those which think we should go slow in the matter, or content ourselves with a coaling station or two, or agree to an American or continental protectorate. But even these papers are well nigh unanimous on one point. They are at one with the more radical journals in insisting that the disposition of the islands is purely an American problem. No dictation from Spain is permissible, no interference from any continental power is to be brooked. To this extent there is a remarkable unanimity throughout the country. We have won the islands by destroying the Spanish fleet on the first of May, and they are ours to do with as we please. That we have not extended our actual jurisdiction over the archipelago is merely a detail. There is no force anywhere in the archipelago that could withstand Admiral Dewey and our army under Merritt. If Germany should seek to interfere, the result would be only a further approach to unanimity among the newspapers of the country that we must stay where we are. Let Admiral von Diederichs interpose an objection to our occupation of Manila and we would be more inclined than ever to hold the city permanently. That is human nature. And more than that, we might teach the war lord, by so doing, a very important lesson that would accrue in the future to the advantage of everybody concerned.  

Of course it will be useless to require Spain to pay us an indemnity, especially if we take away from her all the islands from which she has been accustomed to draw the most of what little money she has had.  

KEEP IT DARK.  
But for our unwillingness to excite the editors of the Gazette, Herald and Bladder, who are recovering from their attack of web perfecting press nausea, we might refer to the big engine that we bought expressly to operate the big press in our big press room. This engine will be unloaded at The Republican office in a day or two. We promise not to jar the nerves of our neighbors by any undue display of this modern machine. In a few days the first carload of roll paper ever delivered in Arizona will arrive in Phoenix, consigned to The Republican. This consignment will mark a new era in Arizona journalism. But we mustn’t say much about it for it wouldn’t do for our neighbors to have two visits from the green-eyed monster in a single week. We merely mention these facts so that you may know The Republican is still doing business at the old stand.  

The frank admission on the part of the Prescott Courier that it is allowing republicans to use its columns to abuse democrats is a good joke. The Courier frankly states that the columns of that paper are open to any one who cares to send in a communication, regardless of the character of the same, again endorses what "Equal Rights" has to say, and if, as has been reported, the president is anxious to secure opinions from all parts of the country concerning the disposition of the Philippines and is willing to accept the utterances of the leading newspapers as fairly representative of what the people think, he can arrive immediately at certain well-defined conclusions.  

The democrats and the business interests of Prescott and Yavapai county can put up with the Courier, we do not know that The Republican should complain.  

A nation may, after all, be defeated in war, it seems, losing its richer sources of special wealth, and yet prosper. Here is the speech of the president of Peru at the opening of the national congress of that country practically proving this proposition. The nitrate beds it lost to Chili are not now as valuable as they were, the price of the product having fallen so low that the export duty obtained is small. Chili is therefore in trouble, while Peru is contented and fortunate.  

Why does not the Courier man place "communicated" over all his editorial efforts, and in that way escape some of the responsibility and unfavorable criticism that is constantly being indulged in by the people. This, however, is offered as a suggestion only.  

...  

EXPANSION OF TERRITORY.  

That the familiarization of Americans with lands in the far Pacific as belonging to their own domain, coupled with the spirit of adventure, would have a tendency to stimulate American trade with the orient, we do not deny. But the extent of the benefit thus arising is enormously exaggerated in the minds of those who cover the whole subject with vague and glowing generalities. When we come to take a sober view of the matter it is far from clear that the need of the country for opportunities of commercial expansion is so intense as to make it shut its eyes to the question of the price, material and political, which it may be necessary to pay for a policy of territorial aggrandizement. —Baltimore News.  

WHY PRIZE MONEY?  

If our sailors are to be paid for the vessels they take and destroy and for the men they capture, then common justice demands that our soldiers should receive like compensation for the spoils of war and the prisoners they take. There is not getting around this proposition. Prize money is a relic of times far different from ours. It originated when naval warfare and piracy were very closely allied. If there ever was any justification for it none exists now. Both on its own account and because it is an unfair discrimination against the army, prize money should be abolished. —Atlanta Journal.  

SEND SAMPSON HOME.  

It is not a pleasant thing to criticise a man in authority, but Sampson has laid himself open, not only to criticism but to censure. He is willing to take glory that does not belong to him, and that is a grave offense. If the president will find out just what he is fitted for and send him to do it the country will be greatly pleased. He evidently is not fitted to command a fleet. —Philadelphia Inquirer.  

MISERY OF INACTIVE CAMP LIFE.  

In summing up the achievements of the heroes under Shafter we must not forget the physical agony they have endured as an unavoidable incident to their sojourn in a strange and hostile climate. To the great majority of them, no doubt, the actual fighting was the least bitter of their experiences; was, indeed, a welcome distraction from the enervating routine of camp life under such conditions. —Rochester Herald.