THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.
PUBLISHED BY THE
ARIZONA PUBLISHING CO.

GEO. W. VICKERS, Pres. and Gen. Mgr.
Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatches. . .
The only Perfecting Press in Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes in Ari-
zona.
Publication offices: 36-38 East Adams
Street. Telephone No. 47.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year..........
Weekly, one year...................
Cash in advance.
.. 9.00
.. 2.00
BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month................
UNION
Arizona visitors to the coast will find
The Daily Republican on sale at the
following places in Los Angeles: West
minster hotel news stand, Hollenbeck
hotel news stand, and B. F. Gardner, 305
South Spring street.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, SEPT. 1, 1902.

What Ails Schwab?
No other single American has attract
ed so much attention as Charles M.
Schwab, and no other American has
been so freely used for the pointing of
morals of one kind or another. Most
of the critics of Mr. Schwab have
blamed him for working too hard, and
we have been told that health is better
than great riches. Now comes the
Philadelphia Record with another kind
of an indictment against the great steel
manager. Not a word about overwork.
Mr. Schwab has been merely eating
things to which he had not been edu
cated. Says the Record:
“Mr. Charles M. Schwab, at forty
years of age, has gone to Europe to try
to recover his health by rest and travel.
That he should have broken down
at such an early age is self-evident.
Not even his great business cares can
account for the collapse. Dur
ing all his years of hard work Mr.
Schwab never suffered from nervous
prostration, and if he had not become
extremely wealthy, he would not now
be traveling for the benefit of his
health.
“Was it worth while to become pos
sessed of $25,000,000 for this? Mr.
Schwab would have been much better
off if he had continued at his congenial
labor, reaping therefrom only a small
fortune, for then he would have been
contented to have stayed in the health
ful mountains of Pennsylvania. It was
his money that led him to New York
and Paris, and it was in these places
that his nerves were shattered, not by
his useful labors in the steel works or
in the offices of his corporation, but by
rich living, to which he was unaccus
tomed.”
Commenting upon the Record’s diag
nosis, the New York Commercial thus
answers the indictment:
“We opine that even in ‘the healthful
mountains of Pennsylvania’ the presi
dent of the Steel corporation has had
quite as ‘rich living’ as in New York
or Paris. He has always had the look
of a man well-fed, and he was certainly
no chicken when the corporation was
organized a year and a half ago or un
accustomed to the world and the ways
and the practice of its best livers. Nor
is Mr. Schwab one of the ‘nouveaux
riches’ who don’t know how to spend
their money properly. He was a man
of large fortune and income long be
fore March, 1901. He has known how
to order a good dinner for probably
fifteen years at least, and has had a
passing acquaintance with mushrooms,
birds, pheasants’ livers, hummingbirds’
hearts, ‘Chateau Yquem’ and ‘Veuve
Clicquot’ for fully as many. Would the
Record have us believe that Mr.
Schwab was abstemious and a dieter
during all the years prior to the re
ceipt of the first pay-envelope on his
big salary, and that he then rushed off
to New York and Paris and gorged
himself like a small boy with his first
quarter in a candy shop?
“There is a measure of good sense
about him, everybody knows. We
rather guess he knew how to ‘feed’
long, long ago and we can’t shake off
a suspicion that he is sound and well
today.”

Not All Liars.
Western Investments, a journal pub
lished somewhere on the coast, a week
ago printed an article under the par
tially alliterative headline, “Arizona’s
Accomplished Liars.” It related most
ly to those who lie about mining prop
erties. Such liars we always have with
us and so has every mining region had
from the earliest times. There are a
great many people who doubt the com
monly accepted story in its entirety of
the gold mines of Ophir. It is easier
to lie about a mine than anything else
because men cannot see below the sur
face of the ground. But the liar is no
more numerous in Arizona according to
the population of the territory than he
is anywhere else. The Oil, Mining and
Finance of Los Angeles takes the fight
off our hands and ably defends those
Arizonians who are not liars.
Says Oil, Mining and Finance: “Why
‘Arizona’s Accomplished Liars?’ Why
not California’s, Nevada’s, Montana’s,
Michigan’s, Australia’s, South Africa’s?
Arizona is peopled with folks that have
gathered from every portion of the
union; its population represents the av
erage of intelligence and morality the
country over. It has some very good
people and some very bad, with, like
every other division of the union, a
great body of people between these ex
tremes, who are from ‘fair to middlin’’
in their daily conduct. In its mining
camps, on its cattle ranges and as
members of its communities are men
and women from the best homes of the
eastern and southern states, and, in
proportion to the population, as many
religiously trained and college-bred
people may be found as in the state of
New York. Business obligations are as
well kept and failures as few as in any
western state or territory. There is
absolutely nothing in the character of
the people or in their course of life to
justify the conclusion that among them
the liar reaches abnormal development,
and such a conclusion is the unreason
able one of an unreasoning mind.”
The champion concludes as follows:
“The time has passed for flippant
reference to the mineral wealth of Ari
zona or for taking ‘just naturally’ ev
ery statement which involves a hand
some valuation of a mineral property
as more or less a figment of the imag
ination. The real production and the
results developed by mine workings de
monstrate that the territory is one of
the richest mineral regions, area con
sidered, in the entire world. A mining
territory which has produced in less
than a score of years copper to the
value of approximately $150,000,000, and
which in 1900 an output of precious
metals worth more than $21,000,000 may
be presumed to have many very valua
ble mineral properties.”

Those are ugly figures relating to
the spread of cholera in Luzon which
appear in a Manila dispatch that is
dated a week ago. It is said therein
that 25,064 cases and 18,040 deaths have
been officially reported in that one
island. When one realizes how incom
plete official data must be among so
many isolated villages these figures
take on truly alarming proportions.
Happily the army, by strict attention
to diet and sanitation, is so far escap
ing with few cases of the scourge.
Charles Eliot Norton, whose pessi
mism grows sourer with the years, asks
what credit we have gained from the
Spanish war. His neighbor and friend,
Charles William Eliot, says that if it
had resulted in no other good to man
kind the war would have been worth
while because it led to our discovery
of how to check yellow fever, thereby
enabling us to save more lives every
year than the war cost us.
When European fuel was selling at
a high price and European iron and
steel plants were overworked the
American invasion of Europe took
place. Just at this time the condi
tions are reversed and the invasion of
our markets by foreign iron and steel
is a notable feature of our commerce.
Still, the balance of the invasion move
ment appears on our side.
A famous Long Island summer resort
had a tragedy in July. Newport has
been equally unfortunate, and now At
lantic City has experienced a shock
from a murder. Such facts apparently
show that some of those who go in
quest of recreation do not leave all
their cares and burdens at home.

CURRENT COMMENT

We Are a Great People.
A Greek peddler, mounted on a bi
cycle, ran down and injured a child
last Monday. He was mobbed and se
verely beaten, though it does not ap
pear that he was guilty of any greater
offense than that of being an unwilling
party to an unfortunate accident.
This would be merely an ordinary
occurrence in a great city were it not
for the fact that the Greek peddler’s
name is John Adams. Boston is, of
course, or used to be, the American
Athens, and the names of John Adams
and Boston are inseparable. A Bos
tonian named John Adams might, by a
literary license, call himself a Greek,
but it is impossible to see how a Greek
could call himself John Adams. He
might, with as much propriety, call
himself Quincy Peabody, or Lathrop
Sumner, or Hezekiah Tucker.
Yet this country’s powers of assim
ilation are well-nigh illimitable. The
Greek, the Roman, the Celt, the Teu
ton, the Hebrew, the Slav and the Anglo-Saxon
soon become American. Ra
cial names and characteristics disap
pear as if by magic under the influence
of our civilization. In a very few years
all distinctions disappear, and de
scendants of immigrants adjust their
names, as they adjust their manners, to
the requirements of the great American
brotherhood, whose mission is to con
quer and enlighten the world.
Viewing the matter from this stand
point, the time is surely coming when
we shall be unable to tell by a man’s
name from what part of the old world
his ancestry is buried.
All this is as it should be, for we
are determined to be a peculiar people,
and little things like names must not
be permitted to cut any figure what
ever in our religious, political, com
mercial or social life.
If we will only cling together as a
united people with a common destiny,
a few centuries hence nobody will be
able to tell where the ancestors of any
of us came from, and nobody will care.
Chicago Inter Ocean.

Outcome of a Notable Contest.
The redistricting of Mississippi had
a curious result: Three democratic
congressmen, Patrick Henry of Vicks
burg, John Sharp Williams of Yazoo
and Charles Edward Hooker of Jack
son, suddenly found themselves in the
same district. All three wanted to go
back to the house; only one could. It
was for the party primary to decide
between them, and it was for them to
hustle for votes in the primary. That
they did, all working their hardest in
the preliminary canvass, yet through
out employing only honorable methods
and treating one another with distin
guished courtesy. It was not a contest
of South Carolina politicians of the
new crop, but of southern gentlemen.
Queerly enough, not one of them is a
Mississippian by birth. Hooker is a
South Carolinian of the old crop. He
was graduated at the Harvard law
school in 1848, was a confederate
colonel of cavalry and left an arm at
Shiloh. Williams was born in Ten
nessee, the son of a confederate colonel
who fell at Shiloh. Patrick Henry is
the youngster of the trio; he was born
in Arkansas in the winter of ’61.
Williams has won out in the primary,
and remains in congress; Colonel
Hooker and Henry stay at home. Wil
liams’ canvass is spoken of as one of
the greatest ever seen in Mississippi.
The last day of it found him in his
shirt sleeves, in a reputedly hostile
ward of Jackson, speaking alternately
in English, German and French. His
own county went for him solidly, and
he made surprising inroads in the
counties of his competitors.
He is not only a gentleman, but a
scholarly gentleman with the Univer
sity of Virginia stamp upon him, and
superimposed on that, the Heidelberg
stamp. A writer in the Washington
Post recently spoke of him as repre
senting in the new century the planter
statesmen of the old south. Hartford
Courant.

Littlefield on Trusts.
Congressman Littlefield has disap
pointed the democrats more than once
since he loomed up before the public
as a “great mind,” but his latest speech
is likely to be the hardest blow they
ever received at his hands. He spoke
in Lewiston, Maine, on Saturday even
ing, and after ridiculing the democrats
for their hard luck in trying to make
an issue out of an assault upon the
American army, he took up their other
issue of “tariff fostering trusts,” and
made very short work of it. There are,
he said, hundreds and thousands of
corporations that are not protected by
the tariff. The Standard Oil Company
is the biggest of all trusts, and it has
no tariff protection whatever. Anthra
cite is a trust and there is no tariff on
that. Go to free trade England and you
will find the whole country honey
combed with trusts. Sir John Culpep
per fought them in 1640. They are all
over Europe and in countries that have
never heard of a tariff. After this dose
of most uncomfortable fact, Mr. Little
field continued: “Now strike off the
tariff and who goes to the wall first?
Why, it is the weaker party, the in
dividual competitor. In the tin busi
ness none would be left. We would
then go abroad to buy our tin of a for
eign trust. I would rather buy of a
home trust that we might in some way
control.” That is the kind of exposi
tion which makes the democrats doubt
if this is a good year for tariff reform
as an issue. New York Commercial
Advertiser.

Alaska’s Dawning Wealth.
It is a coincidence of travel and busi
ness that two expert observers have
just returned from Alaska with views
of the prospects of the far-off territory
which must make it loom large in the
calculations of the republic’s future.
General A. W. Greely, chief signal
officer of the army, comes from the
north strongly impressed with the pos
sibilities of the Kenai peninsula, the
Copper river valley and other sections
where the summers are warm, the land
fertile and the opportunities for grain
farming extensive.
Ex-Senator Warner Miller, who came
back a little earlier than General
Greely, is enthusiastic over the timber
resources of Alaska and over the rap
idly developing fisheries. The pine and
fir forests are vast, and there are tre
mendous stretches of spruce, sufficient
to insure against any future peril of a
wood pulp famine. As for the fisheries,
Mr. Miller expects their output soon to
equal in value the yearly product of
the Klondike and Cape Nome gold
mines. He shares the opinion that not
for many years will the mineral wealth
of the territory be worked out.
Alaska ceased years ago to be called
“Seward’s folly.” But it is a new and
glowing view of our $7,200,000 purchase
which shows a probable coming yield
of more than $100,000,000 a year. New
York World.

Paul Kruger.
It is easy to fling taunts at Paul
Kruger because he left South Africa
and found refuge in Holland, while the
irreconcilables among his countrymen
made a long, running fight against the
British. But nothing can be gained by
throwing jibes at a man whose age
alone explains his absence from the
battlefield. Men are jeering at him for
not having kept the field as the gallop
ing leader of the burghers, who at his
age will not be able to sit on anything
friskier than a deep-cushioned rocking
chair.
Kruger has been a stubborn old man
and his mulishness has cost the world
dear, but in his time he could ride and
shoot with the best of them. He
showed his courage in more than one
war, and it is sheer nonsense to as
cribe his absence from the battle, in
which De Wet, Botha and De la Rey
were engaged, to anything but his de
clining years.
His stubborn refusal to understand
that it is all over is the natural atti
tude of an old man too old to adapt
himself to a changed order of things.
But it will probably be found that the
fame of the Boer generals who in the
field did excellent work is ephemeral,
while the name of Kruger is forever
to be the foremost one in connection
with the republic he made and unmade.
Toronto Star.

Some men frankly admit that they
can’t sing, but the man never lived who
didn’t think he had a keen sense of
humor. Chicago News.