PAGE FIVE
.xComrick
P
mom
7
A Clean Sweep of Summer Merchandise
Truly an avalanche of bargains, an outpouring and upheaval of Summer Wearing Apparel such as you seldom see. This is noticeably and forcibly true in our Women's Ready-to-Wear Department

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JULY 17, 1918

SALE

Where we are offering the brightest, newest and most stylish garments, in many instances at 50 per cent reduction and less, note the following:

Tailored Suits, values to $85.00, for - $12.45
Beautiful Silk Skirts, vals. to $27.50, $14.95
$22.50 Summer Street Dresses for - - $10.95
Crepe de Chine Dresses, vals. to $37.50 $17.95
Tub Dresses of Voiles and Ginghams $6.95
Silk Blouses of $8.50 Value - - - $5.00

Tailored Suits, values to $75.00, for - $24.95
Tailored Tub Skirts, $5 values, for - $2.95
Summer Street Dresses for - - $8.95
Tub Dresses of good $10.00 values - $5.00
Lingerie Waists of $3.00 value - - - $1.98
Extra Special Lingerie Waists - $1.00

PRE-INVENTORY SALE OF WOMEN'S SHOES

Women's Shoes now selling, in many instances, less than factory cost today; and do not lose sight of this fact, EVERY PAIR OF SHOES OFFERED IN THIS SALE ARE SHOES OF OUR REGULAR STOCKS, all high grade, high class footwear, in the newest shapes, lasts and leathers; not an old style pair in the lot; positive and superlative values, every one. Buy your shoes now, during this sale and save from $1.50 to $4.50 per pair.

(See Large Window Display)
Extra Special
200 pairs of women's low shoes, 26 different styles and models to select from in patent kid, plain kid, patent kid with fancy quarters, low, medium and Louis heels, turned and welted soles in oxfords, pumps and strap slippers; all sizes in the lot. Shoes regularly selling at from $5.50 to $6.00.
$3.95

THE STORE OF SERVICE
THE HOUSE OF COURTESY

FIRST

AND WASHINGTON STREETS

REMEMBER, STORE CLOSED
THURSDAY AFTERNOON

(See Large Window Display)
Extra Special
150 pairs women's high cut shoes, in patent kid, plain kid, calf and Nile cloths, 14 different lasts and styles to select from. Every shoe a shoe of class, nearly all "Queen Quality" make, every pair a stylish last; all sizes in the lot. Shoes regularly selling up to $7.50 per pair.
$4.45

SOUTHSIDE NEWS
V. D. JOHNSON, MANAGER, PHONE 85R, MESA

TEMPE AGENCY
Mr. Chas. Prather at Brown Mercantile Co.; Ph. 71

MESA CORRESPONDENT
Vera D. Johnson, Ph. 85R

TEMPE CORRESPONDENT
Mr. Ray Nichols, Ph. 178

CHANDLER AGENCY
Gardner Drug Co.; Ph. 34

GILBERT AGENCY
Mrs. Schultz at Postoffice.

CHANDLER CORRESPONDENT
S. A. Meyer, Ph. 32

W. F. GOLLAHER IS

SECOND

OFFICIAL

TO

QUIT

MESA, July 17. At the regular meeting of the city council held last night, W. F. Gollaher tendered his resignation, thus making the second of the city officials to resign. Some days ago City Clerk McDonald took the step mentioned, but his resignation was not at the time acted on, the council explaining that it would first be in order to audit the books and have the budget for the coming year made up. This action was accepted by the clerk, who stated that he would be willing to serve so long as it should be necessary until the council could decide upon a successor. No action was taken at the meeting on the Gollaher resignation. The changes in the personnel of the city force is brought about by the fact that it is the wish of the council to bring the three city utilities the water, gas and electric plants all under one manager, who should be city clerk and at the same time be an experienced electrical engineer. Some one who would have no clerical work to perform, but would act as a city manager insofar as the three utilities are concerned, subject, of course, to the direction of the council. Gollaher has been water superintendent for seven years and has brought the plant to a high state of efficiency and the council has no complaint as to his ability in this line.

Mesa Soldier Receives Promotion.
Word was received yesterday that Captain J. K. Noble had been promoted to the rank of major. The officer was captain of Mesa Company D of the National Guard, and with his company spent a year on the border, afterward being detailed to guard the Salt River Valley water project. He has been at Camp Kearny for a number of months, and an article in Sunday's Los Angeles Times speaks in complimentary terms of his handling of the men under his care. That he has made good is evidenced by the promotion. Major Noble is a son of Benjamin Noble of this place and has a number of relatives living here.

brought about by the scarcity of houses in town. The members of the council appear to be of opinion that such a lease would practically amount to a donation of the land, and that unless the property owners at large should unite in asking the lease, they will hesitate to grant it. The land was intended as a city park, but has been in use by the school and under the direction of Professor Johnson of the agricultural department, now of Phoenix high school, a nice orchard was started on the tract. Meanwhile, Superintendent Matthews and family are domiciled in the basement of the high school.

Mesa Colored Man Called to Colors.
Yesterday morning's Republican gave the name of Jim Harris as being sent to a training camp, being transferred to Maricopa county from Barstow, Texas. Harris and his wife are hard working people and have made friends for themselves by their quiet, respectful demeanor, since coming to Mesa. The man was two years over the draft age, but only found out this fact after registering in Texas, so was told that he was too late, unless he could bring positive proof to bear at once. Not being greatly averse to fighting for his country, Harris decided not to make any further effort toward exemption.

Council Asked for 99 Year Lease.
The Mesa school board has asked of the city council a 99 year lease of a portion of the west half of the block on which the high school is located, to be used for the purpose of erecting a residence for the superintendent of the city schools. This request was

Are You Paying Up on Your Pledges?
Mrs. W. R. Stewart, who is in charge of the checking up on payments of thrift stamp pledges, reports that the payments are coming in slowly. It may be that the people are buying the thrift stamps and baby bonds as they have signed up to do, but thus far have failed to report their purchases. The proper plan is to make report each month to Mrs. Stewart, so that the record of receipts may be kept clear. She may be found in the Stewart realty office, the major portion of each day.

Furlough Ended, Back to Ships.
Their furlough ended, Russell Hobson and Wilbur Falconer, U. S. N., left yesterday for Newport News, Va., where they will join their ships.

Will Motor to Coast.
Rev. D. H. Reid, pastor of the Methodist church, and family, started yesterday in the family Ford for Los Angeles.

TO MAKE ROOM FOR NEW OIL

TEMPE, July 17. The Christian church building is being demolished in order to make room for the erection of a splendid new place of worship. This part of the work will be completed today and the foundation for the new building started at once. Contractor J. C. Steele, who has just completed the new flour mill, will have charge of the construction of the church. Work will be pushed as rapidly as possible so that the congregation may meet for worship at the earliest possible date in the fall. During the interim the congregation will meet every Sunday for worship, and announcement will be made later of the place. The new building has been designed to meet the requirements of modern ideas of religious education and that feature of the church work will be stressed, rather than the idea of an auditorium for public gatherings. It will be of brick and pebble dashed and will be 88 feet front, facing on Eighth street. There will be separate departmental divisions to accommodate a completely graded Bible school, with provisions for social gatherings and special work.

For twelve years the congregation has been worshipping in the tabernacle where under the leadership of the pastor, Rev. J. R. Rountree, a splendid, aggressive and evangelistic work has been carried on. It is largely due to the efforts of this pastor that the congregation has reached the point where a larger building was needed to carry on its work.

IMPORTANT ADVICE TO COTTON AND ALFALFA GROWERS
By A. W. Morrill, State Entomologist

Alfalfa fields are breeding grounds for the most destructive cotton pests in the state. When an alfalfa field is cut beginning at the side opposite and working toward a cotton field, certain pests, particularly grasshoppers and the cotton square stainers, are driven to the cotton plants and the resulting damage to the cotton is frequently very serious. Grasshopper damage is conspicuous since these pests when present in large numbers may completely defoliate the plants. Usually such severe injury is confined to a few acres on the side of the cotton field adjoining an alfalfa field. Prompt action in spreading poisoned baits in the heavily infested areas will check these pests. Directions for preparing and spreading grasshopper baits may be secured from the state entomologist's office.

The most serious damage resulting from driving insects from alfalfa fields is done by a small sucking bug heretofore called the tarnished plant bug but which may more appropriately be called the cotton square stainer. This insect sucks the cotton squares, causing them to flare, turn yellowish and drop off. While feeding on the squares the insects daub the insides of the bracts and the flower buds with a yellowish liquid excrement which almost invariably indicates that the square will soon flare and fall. An average of two of these bugs to a plant is sufficient to prevent the setting of any bolls. When driven from alfalfa fields their numbers sometimes average eight or ten to a plant.

These bugs are not new. Their injury in the Salt River Valley during the past three seasons has been described by the state entomologist in his last three annual reports. The appearance of the insects in excessive numbers is usually local but each season a few cotton growers suffer heavy losses. With the greatly increased cotton acreage this year a proportionally large number of growers are interested in means of preventing these losses.

While the pests have been observed, in one instance at least, to occur in excessive numbers on cotton growing two or three miles from alfalfa, as a rule the most severe infestations are found where cotton fields adjoin alfalfa fields and where in cutting the alfalfa the work has been started on the side of the field farthest from the cotton.

On account of both the grasshoppers and the square stainers, alfalfa cutting should usually be started on the sides of a field and continued toward the central land or a land near to it which should be left temporarily as a trap. When concentrated in a limited area in this way the grasshoppers may be poisoned with poisoned bait or captured by means of a "hopper dozer." A modified hopper dozer is being made for trial in the hope that it will capture the cotton square stainers as well as grasshoppers. Even though no practical means is found for capturing or destroying the square stainers after they have been concentrated on uncut alfalfa in the middle of the field, much benefit will result from the cutting practice recommended. On the other hand the practice of cutting alfalfa from the far side of the field working toward the cotton is very likely to bring disastrous results to the cotton grower.

PRICES INCREASE ON COLD STORED BUTTER

Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, July 13. Maximum margins over cost on cold storage butter and on American cheese were increased slightly by an order issued tonight by the food administration. Margins to be paid on butter range from one cent a pound in car lots to three and three-fourths cents a pound on sales of less than 100 pounds. The margins for cheese are from three-fourths of a cent a pound on car lots to three and one-half cents a pound on sales less than 100 pounds.

FRIEND OF GRANT DIES

YONKERS, N. Y., July 15. Ward B. Robinson, a friend of President Grant, died at his home here today at the age of 86 years. Mr. Robinson amassed a fortune during his active business career of 70 years in the hotel business which he began as kitchen boy in the old Astor House, New York.

ORGANIZE FOR SALE OF ALIEN PROPERTY

Republican A. P. Leased Wire
NEW YORK, July 15. Announcement of a selling organization formed to dispose of 140 German concerns taken over by the government under the 'trading with the enemy act,' and valued at approximately $250,000,000, was made here tonight by A. Mitchell Palmer, alien property custodian. Forty of the companies, with a capitalization of more than $100,000,000, now are ready for sale. Joseph K. Guffey of Pittsburgh has been designated as sales manager of the federal selling corporation. His office will be in New York.

CONTROL STEEL SHIPS

MILWAUKEE, July 15. Contracts for building 13 steel ships for the government have been awarded to the Fabricated Ship Corporation recently formed here. It was announced today keels for the first ships probably would be laid by October 1.

The Hackett Market store is FOR RENT. See J. A. R. Irvine. Phone 3147. Adv. tf

Schram jar lids at Elwell's. -Adv.

Mr. and Mrs. Barkley and family motored to Tucson Saturday night, returning on Sunday night by moonlight.

Intermediate Red Cross Meets
Last Wednesday the organization of an Intermediate Red Cross was perfected and the first meeting held in the sewing rooms of the local organization. The day was a decided success both in the work accomplished and the social spirit which always enters in with young girls' work. Some 30 girls were present and the work was divided for squads of two, one doing the basting and one the machine work. Eighteen garments have been completed and this week even more will be accomplished since the work has become familiar. Every girl in the community is urged to be present Wednesday morning with her lunch, if convenient, for work on the Belgium refugee garments.

Arrival of Miss Aepli
A telegram announcing the arrival of a little daughter on Monday night at the home of Mr. and Mrs. David Aepli in Yuma was received yesterday. Grandfather Aepli was on his way to Phoenix when the message came but was glad to say the Ford made a quick return trip to the ranch with the precious document.

Mrs. Jean Laird Leaves
Mrs. Jean Laird, wife of the assistant postmaster, left last night for a visit with her parents and friends in Texas. She will remain until fall.

AMUSEMENTS

Alice Joyce in New Picture
A mistake in shipment has brought a big picture to the Columbia. Alice Joyce, the talented actress, was to have appeared Tuesday and Wednesday in "The Triumph of the Weak" but the exchange made a mistake and shipped "Find the Woman," also starring Alice Joyce. This picture is receiving much favorable comment from the eastern papers and the movie fans will be glad to learn of the mistake made which allows them the opportunity of seeing this eminent star in such a wonderful production. "Find the Woman" is a screen adaptation from "Cherchez la Femme" from the pen of O. Henry. It is a story of mystery and suspense, one that holds interest every minute of the screen showing. A Finley Nature Picture and a delightful Keystone comedy, "I Love Charles Albert," complete a strong program.

"Mr. Fixit" at the Lamara
If one enjoys the fastest kind of clean fun, spiced with pretty girls and worlds of action, the Lamara has it in Douglas Fairbanks "Mr. Fixit," which is the current offering at that house. "Mr. Fixit," played by Douglas Fairbanks, believes in making others happy and in the physical demonstration of his subtle theories he strikes several very ponderous snags which not only threaten to nullify his teachings but to engulf him in disaster.

He undertakes to fix the tangled loves of two beautiful society girls, who are engaged respectively to two men they don't wish to marry. In the adjustment he attempts, Mr. Fixit devotes his surprising energies to his pet theory that happiness should be a habit communicable to those who are without it. In the development, one surprise after another follows, until the comedy is little short of an uproar, but to disclose the nature of the snags this unctuous chap hits would be to spoil the best kind of an evening's entertainment. He comes up smiling in the end and his theory is vindicated. With the feature is seen a characteristic Hawaiian travelogue, "The Beach at Waikiki," the mecca of lovers of the "Islands."

"Midnight Madness" at the Hippodrome
There are two things that distinguish this fast mystery melodrama. First, Rupert Julian who wrote and staged the "Beast of Berlin" did it, and, second, Ruth Clifford, who played the pretty little Belgian maid in the "Kaiser," plays the "girl" in this snappy crook story. Here is the plot, all except the detail, which is the charm. Pretty girl has all her life stalked hand in hand with the deepest kind of mystery. Then into her life comes a handsome man, mysterious but dominating. He seems to govern her every movement. From the fast moving crook pip in America, she finds herself mixed up without her knowledge in the chase in Paris after the most notorious crook in France. He stops long enough to love this pretty girl and that brings his mistress into the picture with a jump, for she reaches for a dagger used as a hat pin and the innocent one looks as if she were in for a finish when in steps the mysterious man of her life and again the puppets are whisked away on a

It Reaches You Fresh

Most Economical Coffee

Our Guarantee
Your grocer will refund the full price you paid for M.J.B. Coffee, if it does not please your taste, no matter how much you have used out of the can.
The best coffee at any price
Vacuum Packed
By Special Process