PAGE SIX

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, MONDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 3, 1919

ROSE TREE

FATHER TO BE DRAWN CLOSER

TREES AS TRIBUTE TO ARIZONA

YOUR EARNING POWER

Depends largely upon your eyesight.
If poor sight is slowing up your progress consult us.
Northrup Optical Co.
9 E. Adams St.
Phone 690 for appointment

DR. G. BELT
NEW SYSTEM DENTIST
Monihan Building Office Phone 605

LIFE SAVING SYSTEM
36 East Washington St.
Above Goldbergs' Clothing Store
Phone 3089

WOOD DELIVERED
Anywhere in the city same day ordered
SIBERT WOOD YARD

Phone 748

2nd and Taylor

Phoenix Seed and Feed Co.
Wholesale and Retail
125 East Jefferson St.

E. S. WAKELIN
GROCER
WHOLESALE

Constable Ice and Fuel Co.
WOOD, COAL, KINDLING
Phone 1555

WANTED
SECOND HAND SACKS
PHOENIX WOOD & COAL CO.
223 South Third St.

Mack Gardner
Buys
DIAMONDS AND LIBERTY BONDS FOR CASH
45 N. Central Ave.

Guaranteed TITLES
Phoenix Title & Trust Co.

ARIZONA HARDWARE SUPPLY CO.
The Only EXCLUSIVE WHOLESALE Hardware House in the State

Phoenix Flour Mills
Flour, Feed, Seed
PHOENIX, ARIZ.
Van Buren & Ninth Sts.

All Makes of Typewriters
sold, rented and repaired.
We buy second-hand typewriters. The McNeil Co.
128 W. Washington St.

LIBERTY BONDS
We Buy All Issues for Cash
Occidental Life Insurance Company
O'Neill Building

GATES TIRES
Authorized Service Station

New Location 28-30 N. Second Ave.

MEN SERVED TOGETHER IN BANQUET

That Arizona will join the nation-wide movement of planting memorial trees in commemoration of the soldiers and sailors who died in the great war was announced last week by Harry Welch of the chamber of commerce. Nothing definite has yet been decided upon, but it is thought that the "Victory oaks" will be planted along the Roosevelt road, which will give them a double interest and pay honor as well to "America's Greatest American." Planting memorial trees in honor of soldiers and sailors, as suggested by the American Forestry Association, has struck a responsive chord throughout the nation, and plans are being made to set out rows or parks of trees, not only in commemoration of the dead, but to express the appreciation of the community to all who offered their services. Besides the memorial element in the act of planting trees, it is a kind of reparation paid to nature for the devastation of her last countrysides. Then, too, it is a grateful recognition of the service rendered by nature in the great effort of defense. It has been said that the forests of France were more effective barriers against the Germans than anything man has been able to build; and one of the most thrilling episodes in America's participation in the war occurred in the depths of a vast forest.

A church in Taunton, Pa., has been the pioneer in the movement. Four memorial trees have been planted on the lawn in front of the Episcopal church in this city to keep fresh the heroic sacrifice of their lives by four of the city's sons, who died in France. Two of the men were killed in action, the others died in hospitals close behind the battle field, according to a report of the American Forestry Association, Washington, which is urging the planting of living, growing trees to commemorate the brave deeds of American soldier and sailor dead.

In memory of her sons who gave their lives in the great war, Arizona is planning to plant 440 miles of "Victory oaks" and other suitable trees along Jefferson highway, the state's principal road, which runs from north to south and connects with the highway that extends all the way on to Winnipeg, Canada.

Mr. Robert S. Conklin, commissioner of forestry for Pennsylvania, says, "There is no more suitable method of commemorating the deeds of heroism of our soldiers and sailors. Let the memorial trees be planted; let them be put in prominent places. We feel there is no more beautiful method of commemorating the deeds of heroism of our soldiers and sailors than by erecting to their memory a memorial which will remain green and flourishing for a score of years and be a constant reminder by the return of each periodic revival of the fresh memory of the men whose honor it has been planted."

Joyce Kilmer, the poet-soldier, who gave his life in France, has written a beautiful poem on "The Tree," which many critics believe to be his best poem in praise of trees:

The Tree
I think that I shall never see
A poem lovely as a tree.
A tree whose hungry mouth is pressed
Against the earth's sweet flowing breast.

A tree that looks at God all day,
And lifts her leafy arms to pray;
A tree that may in summer wear
A nest of robins in her hair;
Upon whose bosom snow has lain;
Who intimately lives with rain.
Poems are made by fools like me,
But only God can make a tree.

TO BECOME EXECUTIVE HEAD OF RED CROSS

WASHINGTON, Feb. 2. Dr. Livingston Farrand of the University of Colorado has been appointed chairman of the central committee of the American Red Cross by President Wilson at Paris. It was said at Red Cross headquarters here today that Dr. Farrand would assume the position of executive head of the organization on March 1, and that at the same time the Red Cross war council would cease to exist. The war council was created by President Wilson, May 10, 1917, to administer the greatly increased work of the relief organization, necessitated by the war. It largely displaced in authority the permanent executive organization. Henry P. Davison, chairman of the war council, is now in Paris with the president, in connection with work at the peace conference, and his presence there probably will be required for many weeks.

Dr. Farrand is in Washington familiarizing himself with the details of the Red Cross organization. When he takes office the Red Cross virtually will return to a peace basis.

The custom of holding father and son banquets has become so popular that, under the leadership of the international committee of the Young Men's Christian Association, father and son banquets will be held in practically every city where there is an association, and in many where there is none.

Fathers are coming to realize every year the necessity for maintaining a comradeship with their sons. The father is, or should be, the boy's hero. He usually is until the boy reaches adolescence. Then, too often, because the father was too busy with other things to make a pal of the boy, the boy withdraws into a thick shell of reticence so far as his father is concerned, and when he wants information regarding his sex life, or whether he ought to join the church or not, or whether he should stay in school, he goes to the Boys' Work secretary or his pastor or some one else in whom he had confidence. Of course, the foregoing draw salaries for answering just such questions, but any father ought to have a feeling of regret and shame that his boy turns to outsiders for the things he should receive from his father.

Mr. Average Father, where did your son get his information regarding the change that comes into his life at the age of 12 or 15? Did he get his information from you, or his misinformation from the boy on the corner? If you don't feel capable of giving this instruction yourself, do you know of any one book you could purchase for him?

Well, father and son banquets are for the purpose of bringing fathers and their sons closer together. How would you like to be this father? A 16-year-old boy sat in my office this week and made this statement: "I have never seen a man who can do so many different things as my father can. I don't believe there is a man in the United States that has any more brains than my father." Does your lad think that much of you?

Of course it gets your goat! Why wouldn't it? Every season the same old story. Three, four visits to a tailor! Three, four interruptions to a day's work and why? Here, you see the fit before you order! Here, you see the cloth made up. You get what you want the day you want it. No finer fabrics! No higher type of tailoring! Sizes for the undersize, the average size, the oversize! We encourage looking! McDougall & Cassou

WE GREATLY regret the disappointment and inconvenience to the thousands of people of the city of Phoenix and the valley, who came to Hall Field, our Phoenix terminal, in anticipation of the arrival yesterday of the Government airplanes. By powers beyond our control the squadron was diverted to an unannounced and unsuitable landing field several miles from Phoenix.

APACHE AERIAL TRANSPORTATION CO.
By J. Robinson Hall
Vice President

Hulett's Skin Food 30c.
does make the skin smooth one application. ELVEY & HULETT
Adams and First Ave., Phoenix

CIVIL SERVICE TO REPUBLICAN BUREAU

The Arizona Republican Information Bureau, Washington, D. C., Frederic J. Haskin, director, is giving away free a booklet that every reader of this paper must want. It is a collection of twenty-four great war posters, the most vivid and effective which have been drawn by American and foreign artists. They are reproduced on coated paper. They are reduced in size from the originals, many of which have become familiar, but certainly a collection of them in convenient form is desirable.

Among the artists represented in the collection are Brangwyn, Sterner, Gibson, Christy, Raemaekers, Reuthehdahl, Lyendeckers (J. C. and F. X.), Paus, Wallace Morgan and many others. Here are some of the titles of the posters:

"Since our women and children have been ruthlessly slaughtered."
"Since the surge of slavery and barbarism has been laid upon civilization."
"Therefore the hand of liberty directs American manhood to the battlefield." "Brave allies await them with cheers on their lips."
"And the people of a great nation follow them with hopeful and confident thoughts, and support them with toil and self-sacrifice."

In this issue of the paper is a coupon which readers may use in making application for this collection. Enclose a two-cent stamp and send, not to this office, but direct to "Arizona Republican Information Bureau, Frederic J. Haskin, Director, Washington, D. C."

REGIONAL DIRECTOR LOCAL VISITOR

Phoenix had a most distinguished visitor yesterday, Hale Holden, regional director, United States railroad administration, of the central western region with headquarters in Chicago. He was traveling in a special train accompanied by the following gentlemen: D. P. Greer, assistant regional director, Chicago; William Sprule, district director, San Francisco; H. A. Scandrett, traffic assistant, Chicago; H. K. Safford, engineering assistant, Chicago; H. Paradise, mechanical assistant, Chicago; W. H. Scott, general manager S. P. Co., San Francisco; C. M. Scott, general manager A. K. Co., Phoenix; W. Wilson, superintendent Tucson division S. P. Co., Tucson; V. H. Kirkbridge, chief engineer S. P. Co., San Francisco; J. K. Lovejoy, superintendent Phoenix division A. K. Phoenix, and secretaries.

General manager Scott, who has been with the party in a survey of the lines of the Arizona Eastern, left it here and Mr. Holden after an inspection of the property here and a drive of a few hours about the city left last night. It was stated that no significance was attached to the visit. It was made only in the course of a tour of inspection of the lines under his control.

The address of George H. Maxwell at the Brotherhood luncheon, which was postponed on account of the "flu," will be given at the luncheon of the Brotherhood at noon today. The subject of the address will be "Arizona Visions in the Salt River Valley, Past, Present and Future." The lecture will briefly summarize the whole problem of the plans necessary to be adopted to bring under reclamation all the land that can be irrigated with the vast quantities of water that now run to waste in the rivers of Arizona, including the Colorado river.

Those who recall some of the addresses of Mr. Maxwell in Phoenix years ago, when he was preaching the gospel of irrigation in the campaign that led to the construction of the Roosevelt Reservoir, and foretelling the Phoenix of the future from the standpoint of that period, and who can realize how completely his visions of those days have been realized, will appreciate how interesting it will be at this time to hear his forecast of what the next fifteen years should bring forth and the way it should be accomplished.

Civil service examinations for clerk and carrier will be held at the Phoenix postoffice April 1. The age limit for qualification to take the test is fixed at between 18 and 45 years at the time of the examination. Married women will not be allowed to compete. This does not apply, however, to divorced women, who are only eligible for appointment as clerk.

Applicants must be physically sound, and male applicants must be not less than five feet four inches in height in their bare feet, and must weigh not less than 115 pounds without overcoat or hat.

Application blanks and full information regarding the examination, qualifications, duties, salaries, vacations and promotions may be had from Clarence R. Craig, secretary board of civil service examiners, postoffice, Phoenix.

FUNERAL SERVICES BY ORDER OF

Ruth Eleanor Smith
Funeral services for Ruth Eleanor Smith, who died in El Paso, January 28, will be held this afternoon at 2 o'clock in the funeral chapel of Moore and McLlan. Services will be in charge of Dr. George M. Dehi. Burial will be at Forest Lawn cemetery.

Ruth was the five-year-old daughter of Rev. and Mrs. W. F. Smith, now of El Paso, but formerly residents of this city. Old friends and neighbors are invited to attend the services.

TOWN TOPICS

HOTEL ARRIVALS

ARID OYSTER SUPPER

Governor Campbell, through the signing of his name to a number of resolutions recently passed by the house of representatives and the senate, and transmitting them to the secretary of state, concluded some of the work of legislation even though the legislature was not in session Saturday. The governor signed bills advocating the purchasing of lower California and advocating action by congress for beginning work on the building of the San Carlos dam. In addition he signed a resolution favoring the organization of a league of nations and a resolution praising the leadership of President Wilson.

Loans Easy
TO GET up to $150 on your furniture, piano, automobile, live stock, implements, etc. Don't be without money. Just phone us for information. The rest is easy. Ample funds. Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential. MUTUAL LOAN CO.
1500 Grand Ave. Phone 1396
Office Hours: 8 a. m. to 5 p.m.

RETURNS AFTER TWO YEARS
Joe C. Ingraham, formerly connected with the reporting forces of the Republican, returned to the city yesterday after an absence of two years. Mr. Ingraham has been more recently connected with the Prescott Journal-Miner.

HARRY CREIGHTON A VISITOR
Harry Creighton, special agent of the treasury department, with headquarters at San Antonio, Tex., arrived in town yesterday morning. He had official business in this part of the country and he took occasion to visit his mother and brother, Ned Creighton. Mr. Creighton was formerly in the customs service at Nogales. Some six years ago he was transferred to New York and two years ago was sent to Galveston.

CARD OF THANKS
To our many friends who ministered so graciously to our needs and comfort during the long illness and death of our beloved husband, father and brother, we wish to extend our heartfelt thanks. As it is impossible to thank each one personally, we wish to express here our gratitude for the beautiful flowers also.

Mrs. J. W. Hawls and children.
J. A. Hawls.

Adams B. M. Kay, Los Angeles, R. P. Davie; J. K. Ross, Denver; L. L. Stafford, Goodyear; H. A. Merriman, Goodyear; G. H. White, Globe; F. W. Bower; Dixon Fayerbery, Denver; Ed. Turner, New York; K. Haga, Osaka, Japan; Y. Misi, Osaka; Ed. W. Wells, Prescott; George C. Buriss, Kansas City; P. A. Smith, Providence, R. I.; Hugo K. Frederick, Hayden; Anton Kuknenzoric; G. S. Creighton, San Antonio; B. Harris, San Francisco; Mrs. M. Krsloff; George Sargent, Santa Maria; A. B. Huff, New Jersey; M. K. Orley, Nogales; Irving L. Mayer, Chicago; James Quick, San Diego; H. J. Sherer, Fresno; B. J. Whiteside, Mesa; Mrs. W. C. Ziemann, Ontario; Jefferson Mary E. Glenn, Chandler; Jane B. Barraw, Chandler; K. M. Fischer, Wilcox; D. C. Walker, Holbrook; S. P. Wright, Los Angeles; Geo. R. Koyle; E. C. Home, Denver; H. G. Browne, Benson; J. F. Pratt, Cottonwood; Mrs. R. S. Bailey, Sullivan; Juanita Bailey, Sullivan; Alex Folcna, Prescott; X. F. Thomas, San Antonio; Mart Adson; W. Mosley; Cannon Foster, Litchfield; Marc Baden, Litchfield; A. H. Daniel, Phoenix; L. T. Johnson, Los Angeles; W. B. Duval, Phoenix; R. D. Houston, San Francisco; J. B. Downey Clarkdale; V. N. Roberts Holton; S. A. McLaughlin; Mrs. and Mr. O. L. Hubbard, Ray; Ed. J. Stedman, Hayden.

Commercial W. S. Shelbrun; H. R. Rowe, Chandler; E. M. Mitchell, Chandler; R. A. Merill, Chandler; R. E. Meone, Jerome; R. J. Jennings, Phoenix; J. J. Crawley, Butte; D. L. Culling, El Paso; S. E. Dalton; R. Rudolph, Hayden; Charles Allen; James McRae; Albert Townsend Marton; K. Warner, Phoenix; W. L. Leper, San Francisco; P. Schoenberger; Mrs. E. M. Garcia, San Francisco; H. M. Thurlon, Los Angeles; J. B. Downey, Jr., Clarksdale; George D. Huh, Portland; Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mathews, Casa Grande; John C. Ingram; C. W. Reger, Burlington; J. M. Crouse, Wichita; R. D. Holliston, San Francisco; H. K. Shay, Maricopa; Sheldon K. Baker; A. B. Hurff, New Jersey; W. H. Ganoil, Los Angeles; J. W. Sutton; G. W. Moreley; T. S. Barlow, Phoenix; Mary Keating, Florence.

A dance and oyster supper will be given by the Brotherhood of American Yeomen, in the K. of P. hall, February 10. At a meeting of the birthday committee of the brotherhood a short time ago, at the home of Mrs. H. L. Worden, the problem of what to have in the line of an entertainment was solved. A three-piece orchestra will be engaged to furnish music for the dance, and the oyster supper will be held in the banquet room of the hall.

Each lodge member will be allowed to issue an invitation card to one or two friends. These cards will be taken up by the doorkeeper the night of the dance. It is thought probable that a meeting of the lodge will be necessary for a short time before beginning the entertainment.

All Yeomen members of other home stead are cordially invited to attend.

ATTENTION, SIR KNIGHTS

Phoenix Commandery, No. 2, in Masonic Hall, at 7:30. All Sir Knights and sojourning Sir Knights cordially invited to attend.

DERWIN D. NORTHRUP,
Eminent Commander
H. B. ST. CLAIRE, Recorder.
Adv. 6

Report of a wrecked car on the McDowell road which reached the sheriff's office late last week caused members of the office to make a hasty run to the scene only to discover the car, a seven-passenger Chalmers, completely demolished. Whether any of the occupants of the car were injured, who they were, and what they were doing on the highway at the early morning hour the wreck occurred could not be learned.

"All that was left for the sheriff's office to rescue was a pint of whiskey in the last stages of consumption," said Sheriff Montgomery in speaking of the accident. He said he had never seen a car so completely wrecked as the one on the McDowell highway. It seemed almost impossible that the occupants could have escaped uninjured. The wrecked car bore the license number 6467 and, according to the secretary of state's office, that number is held by E. T. Serrano.

NOTICE
Automobile mechanics and machinists you are invited to a smoker that will be held for the F. A. of M. Thursday evening, February 6, at Labor Hall, 208 E. Washington St. Meeting starts at 8:30 p. m. Matters of importance will be discussed.

TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY

NOTICE
We will add to our sale Thursday, February 6, 30 head of mules. They are without a doubt the best lot of mules ever offered at public auction in this valley, ranging in age from 5 to 7 years, weighing from 1100 to 1500 lbs. All well mated in teams and well broken and gentle, also in good condition and ready to go right in the hardest kind of work. If in the market for good, first-class choice mules, don't fail to attend this sale. Don't forget place and date, Thursday, February 6, O. 10 Corral, 311 North Seventh Ave., Phoenix. C. R. McMullen, Auctioneer.

Paradise-Verde Water Users Association. Notice is hereby given that the annual meeting of the Paradise-Verde Water Users Association will be held at the K. P. Hall, 21 East Washington street, Phoenix, at 9:30 a. m., Tuesday February 4th, 1919. All members of the association are earnestly requested to be represented in person or by proxy.

PARADISE-VERDE WATER USERS ASSOCIATION,
R. M. LYLE, Secy.

Cuticura Soap is

Easy Shaving for Sensitive Skins
The New Up-to-date Cuticura Method

GIVE
That Others May LIVE
February 10-17th

Great War Posters
Free to Every Reader of The Arizona Republican
Twenty-four of the greatest war posters have been made into a booklet by the American government. They are the work of some of the best American and foreign artists. They vividly portray every impulse and emotion of war its pity and horror, its rush and thunder, its purposes and hopes, its call to service both at home and on the fighting line. They are the very spirit of the war in pictures!

Any American citizen can obtain free a copy of this graphic war book a priceless souvenir of a great epoch in American history. Write at once. Get your letter in the first mail so you will be sure to get a copy before the supply gives out. Write your name and address plainly on the attached coupon.

ARIZONA REPUBLICAN INFORMATION BUREAU
Frederic J. Haskin, Director,
Washington, D. C.
Enclosed find a two-cent stamp, for which you will please send me, entirely free, a copy of the War Poster Book.
Name
Street Address
City