'THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.

SIXTH YEAR. -Library, VXIX, ARIZONA, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 18, 1896. VOL. VI. NO. 204.

Ill HtlltHfltllMHtntlttllf Iff ItfMtHtltfftfMf !(!

in i nn r in in in iinn
n
!
::
xx
H
ss
and Boys'
will make

. a a a a a
www wwwww

fx
j: 0 8 6S

Our Removal Sale. XX
8

Watch for Announcement

GOLDBERG BR

Clothing
Remember Our Free Labor
is in the store
Senator Sewell on the
Monroe Doctrine.
Text of His
Remarkable Resolution. Does Not Believe Monroe Ever Intended It to Be of General
Application.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17 The full
text of Senator Sewell's resolution offered yesterday on the Monroe doctrine
is as follows: "
Resolved, that the Monroe doctrine
as originally propounded, was directed
to special prevention of threatened action of the allied powers in reference to
the revolting colonies of Spain and the
occupation by way of colonization of
any supposed derelict territory on this
hemisphere.
Second, that the question of resisting
any acquisition of territory by conquest was limited, as stated by Mr.
Webster, to cases in which by reason of
proximity such acquisitions would be
dangerous to our safety and to the integrity of our institutions.
Third, that the true ground upon
which the Monroe doctrine was based
and upon which any similar position
has been taken, rests for its justification upon our interests and our interests only; that neither by the Monroe
doctrine or any other official declaration have we ever come under any
pledge to any power or state on this
continent that binds us to act merely
for their protection against invasion or
encroachment by any other power.
Fourth, that when a case arises in
which any European power proposes to
acquire territory by invasion or conquest, it is for us to determine whether
our safety and integrity demands that
we shall resist such action by armed
force if necessary.
Fifth, that the executive has pressed
the Monroe doctrine beyond what was
contemplated at the time of its announcement and the resultant sequence
of the position thus taken seems to be
the commitment of the government to a
protectorate over Mexico and the Central and South American states; that
this would be most unwise and dangerous and would violate the sound well
established policy that we should avoid
all entangling alliances with foreign
powers, whether they be European or
American.
Sixth, that this action was premature, looking to the history of the controversy and inopportune in view of
the business and financial condition of
the country.
Seventh, that neither congress nor
the country can be nor has been committed by the action of the executive
department in reference to the Venezuelan boundary controversy as to the
course to be pursued until a time shall
have arrived for final determination.
It will then be our province to adopt
such line of policy to take such action
as may then be demanded by our sense
of duty to the country and by due regard for its honor and dignity, the
welfare and safety of our people and
the integrity of our institutions.
THE MONROE DOCTRINE.
Legislative
Affirmation Was Discussed. WASHINGTON, Jan. 17. The sen
ate committee on foreign relations was
in session today. The only question
before it was the legislative affirmation
of the Monroe doctrine. The discussion proceeded upon the basis of the
resolution Senator Davis had prepared
under instructions of the committee
meeting held last Saturday. The
terms of the resolution are known only
to the members of the committee. It
has been difficult to so phrase the document as to suit the ideas of all or
even a majority of the committee.
The committee adjourned at 12:40
o'clock, after voting to report the
Davis resolution with a few verbal
modifications suggested by the sub
committee. It is understood the resolution will be presented to the senate
Monday.
ADMITTED HIS GUILT.
Sentence of a Bereaved
Wells-Fargo
Employe.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Jan.
17. Robert H. Smith today pleaded
guilty to implication in the robbery
from Wells-Fargo Company of $16,000
in Grassy Gulch near Victor some
months ago. Smith was driver of the
wagon. He says his confederates were
George Smith, recently killed in Victor, Gray and Welch, who broke jail
here some time ago and a man named
Maye.
Smith was sentenced to six years imprisonment. HARRISON TO WED.
Yesterday Announced His Engagement
to Mrs. Dimmick.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17. Ex-President
Harrison announces that he and Mrs.
Dimmick are engaged to be married.
The marriage will not take place
until after Lent. General Harrison
will remain in town until Sunday, but
it is not sure whether he will leave to
go to Indianapolis or Washington.

Considered by the Farmers' Association.

An
Evening Address by the
Governor.
Delegate Elected to the Irrigation
Congress-Program for
the Last Day.
The Arizona Agricultural Association
met yesterday morning at the opera
house, President W. Stowe Devol in
the chair.
After a brief introductory address
by the president, Emery Kays led discussion on "Swine Interests of Arizona," The best results were shown
to be secured only where good breeding
and proper care were alike considered
by the grower.
Dr. N. H. Clanin, of the Phoenix ex-
spection of fruit trees, touching upon
all the trees and fruit diseases that
may befall horticulture in Arizona.
At the afternoon session President
Devol read a paper on the care of
livestock that was flapping and amusing and related by the stockgrowers and dairy-
men present.

Then came a talk by M. H. McCord
on agricultural interests, comprising the
Carey law scheme of reclamation of
desert lands, Arbor Day and forestry,
statehood as necessary to full agricultural development, water storage and
National supervision of irrigation enterprises, the leasing of school and
grazing lands and the work that lies
before the irrigation congress.
Jas. H. McClintock, member for Arizona of the National executive committee of the Irrigation congress, presented a statement of the formation,
objects and work of the sessions, which
primarily are of educational and political importance, not dealing with the
usual local questions that do vex the
average irrigator.
Emery Kays was then chosen delegate from the society to the next irrigation congress.
Prof. Edward M. Boggs, of the Territorial University, gave "Some Details of Irrigation," comprising an interesting statement of differing methods of cultivation of fruits and the application to the trees of water.
The last was the reading of a brief
paper on irrigation, generally considered, forwarded from Snowflake, by
Jesse N. Smith.
Today's programme, commencing at
9 o'clock, comprises:
business meeting. Adoption of constitution.
Question box.
"Contagious Diseases as They Affect
Our Livestock," Dr. F. O. Richmond
of Phoenix.
"Live Stock Legislation."
"The Construction and Care of Irrigation Laterals," W. S. Johnson, of
Mesa.
"Arizona Weeds," Prof. Jas. W. Tourney of the experiment station.
"The Agricultural Development of
Northern Arizona," C. H. Fanchier, of
Albuquerque.
Afternoon session:
Report of committees.
Question box.
"Good Government,"
by Emery
Kays.
The Indian as an Agriculturist and
General Utility Man," J. Roe Young,
of Sacaton.
"The Acquisition by Arizona of Her
And Lands and Their Irrigation,"
Wm. H. Herring, of Tombstone.
"The Babcock Test." Prof. Robert
M. Forbes of the experiment station.
"Better Roads." Geo. H. Christy, of
Phoenix.
Closing business meeting.
HAMMOND'S DILEMMA.
The American Is Held in Solitary Con
finement. SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17. The
following cablegram was received this
evening:
LONDON, Jan. 17, 1896.
Gen. N. H. Harris, San Francisco::
The following cable was received from
Conner, Johannesburg: "Use all possible influence in Washington in behalf of the prisoners. My worst fears
of their critical position is now confirmed. Hammond is likely to be sentenced to several years' imprisonment.
(Signed) "B. A. WILTZIE."
Telegrams have been sent from
here asking the prompt notification of
latest action of the government in the
matter be promptly telegraphed. The
greatest indignation is felt amongst
Mr. Hammond's friends in view of the
discrimination shown by the Boer government in the treatment of American
and English prisoners. They say the
most prominent of English offenders
have been turned over to the custody of the English government which
stands in marked contrast to the manner in which American prisoners are
being handled.

FORTY-FIVE YEARS IN PRISON.
Sentence Against Two Mexican Murderers at Trinidad.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Jan. 17. Manuel Martinez and Pedro Baca, the two
young Mexican desperadoes who pleaded guilty to the murder in the second
degree for the killing of Charles Allen
at Starkville last July, were this
morning each sentenced by Judge
Northcutt of the district court to forty
five years in the penitentiary. While
the sentence is a heavy one in the face
of a plea of guilty, it gives general
satisfaction to the desperate, and the
people of the community are glad to
see them go. They also hoped this
would put to an end the horse-snatching club,
man Solomon. Martinez and Baca are
each 22 years old and have served two
terms in the penitentiary for stealing
of Schlatter, the Denver healer. His
found superstition and believe him to
be the greatest healer of modern times.
His performances are identical to those
of Schlatter, and some who visited the
Walker house today left firmly convinced that the man was none other
than the Denver miracle worker. A
week ago Mr. Walker lay abed dying
of consumption. Today he walked
cheerfully about his room.
ARSON FOR ROBBERY.
Five Men Charged With Setting Fire
to Crawford, Neb.
CRAWFORD, Neb., Jan. 17. Five
men are under arrest here charged
with arson. They are strangers in
this section and are alleged to have
started the fire which destroyed the
greater portion of the city Sunday
night. Some of the goods from the
buildings destroyed were found in
their possession when captured. It
is believed they started the fire to conceal the robbery. There are threats
of lynching the prisoners.

NAVAL LEAGUE OF CANADA.
ONTARIO, Jan. 17. About 100
prominent gentlemen of this city met
today and formed a branch of the
Naval League of Canada. The object
of the association, which has headquarters in London, England, is to
have established at Halifax and Vancouver ships in which young Canadians can be drilled in gunnery, etc.,
qualifying them to take part in the
naval reserve force of the empire. In
every city in the province efforts to
organize similar branches are being
made.
JOHNSON
AGAINST HARRISON.
CHICAGO, Jan. 17. The Post's
Washington special says: Congress
man Henry U. Johnson of the Sixth
Indiana district has caused a sensation
by coming out flatfooted against Gen
eral Harrison for the presidential nomination. Mr. Johnson's announcement
cannot fail to cause the liveliest kind
of a sensation in Indiana, and will undoubtedly be followed by an determined effort on the part of Harrison's
friends to "throw him down."
ONE FARE TO EL PASO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 17. The Western
Passenger association voted a rate of
one fare for the round trip to El Paso
for Dan Stuart's carnival in February.
A canvass was made in the western
association on the tender of roads running south and southwest from St.
Louis which adopted a similar rate
about a week ago.

OIL IN PIT
To Be Used by a Local
Railway.
The Project of Manager G. H.
Honshell.
Los Angeles Oil Is Cheaper than
Coal or Mesquite
Wood.
For several years, even before the
discovering of oil in Los Angeles, K.
H. Wade, general manager of the
Southern California railway, has been
an enthusiast on the subject of oil
burning locomotives. That he was a
true prophet has been proved by the
results of the past two years. Not
only the majority of the locomotives of
the Santa Fe in California are equipped
for oil, but the greater number of the
manufacturing establishments of Los
Angeles now use it for fuel. The locomotives of the Southern California are
models of efficiency and models of
neatness and their running cost, under
similar loads, has been reduced fully
fifty per cent. The system is clean, as
well, the familiar railway cinder being eliminated, much to the betterment of the comfort of the passenger
and much to lessening of the paint
bill in the passenger coach yard.
With these benefits in view Manager,
Honshell of the Maricopa & Phoenix
is now initiating a movement that
means much to the railway and power
producing interests of Phoenix.
Engine No. 3, a ten-wheeler, has
been taken off the road and is now in
the shops being overhauled, that oil
may be substituted for coal as fuel.
A 15,000 gallon tank will be erected at
the railway yard, into which crude
Los Angeles oil will be pumped from
the tank cars in which it will be
brought. Each engine tender will
hold at least 1,000 gallons. A tremendous saving is expected in the fuel
bill, as the oil now sells in Los Angeles
for about 40 cents a barrel, and coal
costs here about $7 a ton, and this, too.
at the aiding of the efficiency of the
locomotives and the bettering of the
comfort of the traveler.
Manager Honshell, from his Los
Angeles investigations, has become
impressed with the belief that oil is the
coming fuel of Phoenix, even cheaper
than the Mexican-gathered mesquite
wood and more easily handled, and
is now expending $1,500 in backing
his judgment.

ENGLAND'S WAR SHIPS.
Destination
of the Flying Squadron
Not Known.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17. A cable
report from Portsmouth, England,
whence the English Flying squadron
is about to sail, that its destination
may be the Bermudas, cannot be confirmed in any official quarters here.
The British squadron already at and
about the Bermudas consists of sixteen ships. Should the Portsmouth
report be true it would increase this
squadron to twenty-two ships, or
twenty-eight, including the six torpedo catchers. It is doubted if Great
Britain could supply enough men to
man the ships when their presence almost certainly
would be regarded as a hostile demonstration certainly not called for so
long as diplomacy has not yet exhausted its resources in the settlement
of the differences between the United
States and Great Britain.
PORTSMOUTH, Jan. 17. The Flying
squadron has assembled at Spithead.
It is reported that the destination of
the squadron after leaving Bantry bay, Ireland, will be the Bermudas. A SPECIAL MESSAGE.
President Urges Immediate Legislation. '
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17. The president today sent a special message to
the house urging the necessity for immediate legislation to extend the limit
of time within which suits can be
brought by the government to annul
the grants of public lands. He called
attention to the numerous complications that had arisen between the rail
roads as to grants that had overlapped
and the necessity for their adjustment.
The time in which suits can be brought
expires March 31, 1896, and if the time
limit were allowed to expire then that
portion of the adjustment would be
rendered nugatory. The government
the president says in conclusion,
should not be prevented from going
into the courts and righting wrongs
perpetrated by its agents.
The message was referred to the
committee on public lands. The house
then went into a committee of the
whole for the consideration of the pension appropriation bill, under the five
minute rule.
A HOME OF REST.
NEWARK, N. J., Jan. 17. It is
announced that Gen. Ballington Booth
has purchased a farm in Bergen county, near the place of Theodore M. Havemeyers, to be used as a home for worn
out Salvation Army officers.