Wants of the People.
A saddle horse for its keeping. Beet of care. Apply at The Citizen office.
LOST—A lady’s plain gold watch, please return and receive reward at Mr. Maidtfield’s, 76 South Stone Avenue.
RENT—Six room houses and stores, centrally located, near Congress Street, enquire at Mansfield’s, 76 South Stone Avenue.
RENT—Good, 600-ladobe houses, centrally located, furnished or unfurnished. Apply, 111 North Main Street. Tel. 525.
WANTED—Board on ranch by a gentleman with lung trouble but not an invalid. Address W. S. D., Citizen of the West.
WANTED—Fifty track laborers for construction work; $1.78 to $3.00 per day. Apply to E. H. Landis, Acting General Agent, Santa Fe, Prescott and Phoenix Railway, Phoenix, Arizona.
Brief Local Notes.
Read Judge Ferguson’s advertisement under the head of “A Rare Opportunity” and you may find something that will put you on the road to good fortune.
STORAGE WAREHOUSE—All furniture, etc., stored with absolute safety. Pioneer Transfer Co., 17 N. Stone Avenue.
TEA GARDEN DIP—In a sugar syrup of highest quality. Once used and anyl—deliciously sweet—makes any candy and icing to perfection. Manufactured by Pacific Coast Syrup Co., 707-711 Bank Street, San Francisco.
Table Claret, Zinfandel and Bauterrea of the highest grades have just been received by E. Abadie from the renowned Santa Clara valley, Cal. Any of these brands belong to the 1888 crop. A bottle at your meal will constitute the best of tonics and aperients.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. MARK A. BODDING
41 North Stone Avenue.
Office Hours 1 to 4 and 7 to 8 p.m.
Telephone No. 11.
N. O. Matas,
PHYSICIAN-SURGEON.
Office Hours 11 to 12 a.m.; 1 to 4 and 6 to 7 p.m.
Pennsylvania Street, Opposite Postoffice.
F. Cacthorn, A. M. M. D.,
Physician and Surgeon.
Rooms 5 and 6, Century Block,
(Clover Martin’s Drug Store.
A. J. Graoul, M. D.
Office and Hospital 808 Pennington Street.
HOURS:
10 to 12 a.m.; 2 to 4, 7 to 9 p.m.
DENTISTRY.
HUGH A. GORE, D. D. S.
DENTIST.
71 South Stone Avenue, Opposite Episcopal Church.
RECORD—AMBROSE.
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
10 Church Street, Tucson, Arizona.
J. S. Osborn,
ATTORNEY, NOTARY PUBLIC AND CONVEYANCER.
Hall of Pioneer Historical Society.
Rooms 8 and 9 Pearson Building.
TUCSON - ARIZONA.
W. J. KIRKPATRICK,
ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
No. 140 West Pennington Street.
TUCSON - ARIZONA.
MINING ENGINEERS.
GIL A. S. VON BRUEBBEN,
U. S. Deputy Surveyor.
MINING WORK A SPECIALITY.
Mining claims located in any part of the Territory, surveyed, mapped, recorded, etc.
H. C. Towns,
ARCHITECT
“KESKENO,” 80-82 Congress Street.
Upstairs.
TUCSON - ARIZONA.
H. FORBES & J. B. NEVINS
ARCHITECTS
Rooms 1 and 2 Century Building
Corner Congress and Church Streets, Tucson, A. T.
R. T. Miller,
PUBLIC DIRECTOR
“LOS ANGELES.”
A First Class Lady Embalmer for ladies and children.
124 East Church Street, Tucson, Arizona.
Rolled Steel and Metal Caskets.
Embalming a Specialty.
Tucson Mortuary Parlor.
O. O. Parker, Manager.
Lady Embalmer for Ladies and Children.
Tucson, Arizona.
Old Soldier’s Experience.
M. M. Austin, a Civil War veteran, of Urbana, Ind., writes: “My wife was ill for a long time in spite of good doctor treatment, but was wholly cured by King’s New Discovery Pills. Which worked wonders for her health.” They will do the same for you. Try them. Only 25c st L. Awkert & Co., wholesale and Geo. Martin, retail.
SECRET SOCIETIES.
PIMA LODGE NO. 3, I. O. O. F.—Meets every Friday night at 7:30 o’clock at A. O. U. W. hall. Visiting brothers cordially invited. N. Mitrovich, Noble Grand. John A. Flood, Secretary.
PIMA TRIBE NO. 10, IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.—Meets every Thursday night at 8 o’clock, A. O. U. W. hall. George Howard, Bachlor. N. E. Hawke, Chief of Records. Felix Levy, Collector of Wampum.
ARIZONA LODGE NO. 1, A O. U. W.
Meets in A. O. U. W. hall every Wednesday evening at 7 p.m. Visiting brothers are fraternally invited.
S. Henniger, M. W. Thomas Conlon, Recorder.
ARIZONA COMMANDERY NO. 1, KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.—Stated conclave first Friday of each month, at 7:30 p.m. Sojourning Sir Knights courteously welcomed. Roscoe Dale, E. C. G. J. Roskruge, Secretary.
TOBON CHAPTER NO. 3, Royal Arch Masons, meets in Masonic hall on the last Friday evening of each month. Sojourning companions in good standing are fraternally invited. Geo. Bhand, H. P. G. J. Roskruge, Secretary.
TUCSON LODGE NO. 386, B. P. O. ELKS.—Will hold regular meetings on the first and third Monday evenings of each month, at 7:30 o’clock. Visiting Elks are cordially invited to attend. A. C. Bernard, E. R. W. P. B. Field, Secretary.
BAN XAVIER CAMP NO. 8, WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.—Meet every first and third Mondays at 8 o’clock p.m., in the new A. O. U. W. hall. Visiting members invited. Henry Melluish, Consul Commander. I. Neostetter, Clerk.
TUCSON LODGE NO. 7—
Stated communications on the second Friday of each month, at 7:30 o’clock in the evening, at Masonic hall. Notice of special meetings will be given by hoisting a blue flag. Visiting brothers are cordially invited. Geo. E. Kohler, Master. G. J. Roskruge, Secretary.
Exetermore,
Assayer & Metallurgical
Bullion Smelter and Fineness Determined.
Offices and laboratory, No. 118 Pennington, Tucson.
Albert T. Colton,
U. S. Deputy Assayer.
Mapping Conveying and Abstracting.
Land and Mine Surveying.
FLORENCE, ARIZ.
Baldwin Restaurant
This popular location now opens to the public under new management. Experienced cook and first class waiters.
First Meal at the City Off.
Affordable Prices.
TRY A MEAL AT THE
NEW RESTAURANT
Hale & Whitman, Props.
87 Congress Street, Tucson, Arizona.
Your
Battalion
From
The “I. C.” Man
Excursions, etc. (Personally Conducted.)
Run three times every week.
No. 812 Douglass Building, Los Angeles, California.
C. HAYDOCK, Com'l Agent.
Write for particulars and rates to all points East via New Orleans or via Omaha or via St. Louis or ask any Southern Pacific agent about the Illinois Central Railroad.
Or apply to any agent of the Southern Pacific Company.
O. M. Burkhalter, Agent P. F. Co., Tucson, Arizona.
STOCKHOLDERS’ MEETING.
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING
Of stockholders will be held at the office of Thomas F. Wilson, 138 Pennington Avenue, Tucson, Arizona, on Monday, June 3rd, 1901, at the hour of 10 o’clock a.m., for the purpose of electing a board of directors to serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of such other business as may come properly before the meeting. The Secretary will close for the transfer of stock from 10 o’clock a.m. May 20th until 10 o’clock a.m. June 3rd, 1901.
Dated May 20th, 1901. McNeill, President.
B. M. Barm, Secretary.
1st pub May 22, last June 3.
Arizona Daily Citizen, Wednesday evening, May 29, 1901.
Articles of Incorporation of the White Mountain Oil Company.
The undersigned W. F. Clarke, A. McFarland, L. B. Clarke, Geo. Pearson and James W. Creede, do hereby associate ourselves together and adopt the following Articles of Incorporation, for the purpose of forming a corporation under the laws of the Territory of Arizona.
ARTICLE I.
The name of this Corporation shall be White Mountain Oil Company and the principal place for the transaction of its business shall be at Tucson, County of Pima, and Territory of Arizona, but this Corporation proposes to carry on business in the State of Oregon, and in all States of the United States, and will have a branch office at Portland in the State of Oregon, and at such other places in the same State and in other States, as the board of directors may declare by a resolution, or as may be provided for by a by-law of the Company, and all meetings of the board of directors, and stockholders of said Company may be held at Portland, Oregon, or at such place or places as the by-laws of said Company may direct.
ARTICLE II.
That the purpose for which this corporation is formed are: To drill for and develop oil, asphaltum, and other mineral and hydrocarbon substances; to transport and refine oil and other hydrocarbon substances and minerals and otherwise prepare the same for market; to acquire, purchase, hold, improve, work and operate, sell and convey oil, and other hydrocarbon substances, oil and mineral land, and to erect and operate all necessary buildings and machinery for such purposes; to locate and acquire water and water rights, placer and lode claims under the laws of Oregon, Arizona, and every other State and Territory of the United States; to construct and maintain ditches, flumes and pipe lines; to issue, sell and convey and acquire stocks, bonds, and mortgages; to purchase, acquire, hold and convey real estate and personal property; to form and cultivate any lands acquired by this corporation, and raise cattle for sale, for use and for market, and generally to do all things necessary or convenient to carry on all of said businesses or any one of them.
ARTICLE III.
The amount of capital stock authorized to be issued by this corporation is one million shares ($1,000,000.00) of the par value one dollar each, and when issued the same shall be forever non-assessable.
ARTICLE IV.
The time of the commencement of this corporation shall be the date these articles are filed in the office of the county recorder of the said County of Pima, and this corporation shall exist for twenty-five years from and after such commencement.
ARTICLE V.
The affairs of this corporation shall be conducted by a board of directors, five in number, who shall be stockholders in the company, to be elected on the last Monday of March in each year and hold for one year and until their successors are elected, or appointed.
The officers of this corporation shall be a President, and Vice-President, to be elected by the directors from their own number, a secretary, treasurer, general manager, and such other officers, as the board of directors by its by-laws may determine. That the directors, and officers for the current year, is to serve up to the first Monday in March, as provided above and on till their successors are duly elected or appointed are; Directors—W. F. Clarke, A. McFarland, L. B. Clarke, Geo. Pearson and James W. Creede. Officers—President, W. F. Clarke; Vice-President, A. McFarland, Secretary, A. W. Pearson; Treasurer, W. R. Clarke, General Manager, Geo. Pearson.
ARTICLE VI.
This corporation shall never be allowed to contract any debt or debts, beyond the value of its assets.
ARTICLE VII.
The private property of the stockholders of this corporation shall be exempt from all liability for the debts of this corporation.
ARTICLE VIII.
These articles of incorporation may be amended by a two-thirds vote of the stockholders of this corporation at any regular meeting of the stockholders or that for such purpose, and the amendment shall be filed with the county recorder of said County of Pima, and printed as required by law.
ARTICLE IX.
The directors of this corporation may adopt by-laws for the guidance of this corporation at their first meeting or any subsequent meeting and regular meetings shall be held yearly on the last Monday of March of each year.
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 30th day of April, 1901.
W. F. Clarke, Seal
Geo. Pearson, Seal
James W. Creede, Seal
Ten cent Rev. stamp cancelled.
State of California,
County of Los Angeles,
Before me, B. L. Hethershaw, a notary public in and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California, personally appeared W. F. Clarke, A. McFarland, L. B. Clarke, Geo. Pearson and James W. Creede, known to me to be the persons described in and whose names are subscribed to the foregoing instrument, and they acknowledged to me that they executed the said articles of incorporation of White Mountain Oil Company for the purpose and consideration thereto expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of office, this 30th day of April, A. D. 1901.
(Seal) B. L. Hethershaw,
Notary Public to and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California.
Ten cent Rev. stamp cancelled.
1st pub May 27; last June 1.
ADVERTISEMENT.
German Syrup is the special prescription of Dr. A. Bosche, a celebrated German physician, and is acknowledged to be one of the most fortunate discoveries in medicine. It quickly cures coughs, colds and all lung troubles of the severest nature, removing, as it does, the cause of the affection and leaving the parts in a strong and healthy condition. It is not so experimental medicine, but has stood the test of years, giving satisfaction in every case, which its rapidly increasing sale every season confirms. Two million bottles sold annually. Bosche’s German Syrup was introduced in the United States in 1888, and is now sold in every town and village in the civilized world. Three doses will relieve any ordinary cough. Price 75 cents.
Get Green’s Prize Almanac.
Subscribe to the Daily Citizen
65 cents per month.
CATARRH
Catarrh has become such a common disease that a person entirely free from this disgusting complaint is seldom met with. It is customary to speak of Catarrh as nothing more serious than a bad cold, a simple inflammation of the nose and throat. It is, in fact, a complicated and very dangerous disease; if not at first, it very soon becomes so.
The blood is quickly contaminated by the foul secretions, and the poison through the general circulation is carried to all parts of the system.
Salves, washes and sprays are unsatisfactory and disappointing, because they do not reach the seat of the trouble. S. S. S. does. It cleanses the blood of the poison and eliminates from the system all catarrhal accretions, and thus cures thoroughly and permanently the worst cases.
Mr. T. H. McAllister, of Rosendale, Ky., writes: “Having for a terrible sufferer from Catarrh, and being now sound and well, the question is often put to me, ‘What cured you?’ I feel it my duty to state that Swift’s Specific S. S. S. is the medicine. I am a subscriber to the Westfield Gazette and have recommended it to many, and am happy to say that those whom I have advised to use it can bear me out in the statement that it will cure any case of Catarrh if taken according to directions.”
It is the only purely vegetable blood purifier known, and the greatest blood medicine and tonic.
If you have Catarrh don’t wait until it becomes deep-seated and chronic, but be not at once the use of S. S. S., and send for our book on blood and skin diseases and write our physicians about your case.
1st pub May 22, last June 3.
Notice of Application No. 737.
Survey of Boltsite Lode, Tucson, Arizona.
Notice is hereby given that in pursuance of the United States Mining Laws, the following lode mining claim has been located, described and recorded by the official locators, to wit:
Beginning at the southwest corner of the Boltsite lode, thence north 400 feet; thence east 400 feet; thence south 400 feet; thence west 400 feet to the place of beginning. Total area 40 acres.
The adjoining claims are the Ruby, patented to U. H. Meaning, and the Democrat, owner’s deed of record in the office of the Recorder of Pima County, Arizona, Book CC Record of Mines, page 200.
Any and all persons claiming adversely any portion of said mining claim or surface ground thereof are required to file their adverse claims with the Register of the United States Land Office in Tucson, Pima County, Arizona, during the sixty-day period of publication hereof, or they will be barred by virtue of the provisions of the Statute.
MILTON R. MOORE,
Register.
1st pub May 10; last July 2D, 1901.
Aviso.
Se denes saber el paradero de Carlos Domingos, hijo de doce años, establecido en Bisbee, Arizona, y su padre desea saber donde esta. Las personas que sepan algo de el y su paradero se dirijan a
Eulalio Estrada, Mogollon, N. M.
FINE OLD HERMITAGE WHISKEY AND HAVANA CIGARS. Call at McNeil and O’Keefe’s, corner of Congress and Church Streets.
Placer location blanks for sale at the Citizen office.
Articles of Incorporation of Little Emperor Oil Company.
The undersigned, H. P. Wendt, Fred W. Heatherly, J. L. Ball, H. G. Wood and A. J. Failor, citizens of the United States, have this day associated themselves together for the purpose of forming a corporation under and by virtue of the laws of the Territory of Arizona, and hereby adopt the following articles of incorporation, namely:
Article One.
That the names of the corporators are H. P. Wendt, Fred W. Heatherly, J. L. Ball, H. G. Wood and A. J. Failor; that the name of the corporation shall be Little Emperor Oil Company. That the principal place for the transaction of the business of the said corporation is and shall be the City of Tucson, in the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona, with branch offices at such other places as the board of directors may from time to time designate.
Article Second.
That the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted by the said corporation shall be: Mining, drilling and boring for crude and other oil, petroleum, gas, asphaltum or other volatile or hydrocarbon substances; buying, selling, leasing, mortgaging, owning or holding mineral or other lands and personal property; and laying pipes and pipe lines for conducting oil or other substances, erecting tanks, refineries, derricks, machinery or other works for boring, drilling, producing, handling, treating or dealing in said products or substances; building roads, tramways, railroads or canals from the company’s property to any river, railroad or highway; to build, operate, maintain, own or conduct a general merchandise business, or to deal in any kind of merchandise or personal property; and to do any and all other acts or things necessary or needful to conduct a general oil mining or other business, either in Arizona or any other state or territory of the United States.
Article Third.
That the amount of the capital stock of the said corporation shall consist of five million shares of the par value of one dollar each; and that said stock shall not be issued by the board of directors except the same shall be fully paid up; and when so issued by said board of directors said stock shall be forever non-assessable and no personal liability shall attach to the holders thereof.
Article Fourth.
This corporation shall commence business when its articles of incorporation are filed with the County Recorder of Yuma County, Territory of Arizona and shall continue for twenty-five years thereafter.
Article Fifth.
The affairs of the said corporation shall be managed by a board of five directors. The first board of directors shall be: H. P. Wendt, J. L. Ball, Fred W. Heatherly, H. G. Wood and A. J. Failor, who shall hold their offices for a period of one year from the date these articles are recorded or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. At the expiration of the year above stated, or sooner if the stockholders elect, a new board of directors shall be elected by the stockholders of the said corporation, at a regular meeting thereof.
Article Sixth.
The officers of the said corporation shall consist of a vice president, secretary and treasurer, and such other officers as the board of directors may from time to time determine.
The president and vice president shall be members of the board of directors; and no director shall hold office who is not a bona fide stockholder of record in said corporation, and fitters to own or hold stock in said corporation shall forfeit the office of director.
In the event of the death, resignation, disability or disqualification of any director, the remaining members of the board as directors may fill the vacancy by the election of some bona fide stockholder.
Article Seventh.
The highest amount of indebtedness said corporation shall at any time create shall not exceed the sum of five thousand ($5,000.00) dollars.
Article Eighth.
That after the private property of the stockholders of this corporation shall be exempt from all debts of this corporation.
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our hands and seals this twenty-second day of May, A. D. nineteen hundred and one.
Joseph L. Ball, Seal
H. P. Wendt, Seal
Fred W. Heatherly, Seal
H. G. Wood, Seal
A. J. Failor, Seal
State of California,
County of Los Angeles,
On this 23rd day of May, in the year of our Lord, nineteen hundred one, before me, Ralph Hamlin, notary public in and for said County of Los Angeles, residing therein, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared H. P. Wendt, Fred W. Heatherly, Joseph L. Ball, H. G. Wood and A. J. Failor, known to me to be the persons described in and whose names are subscribed to the foregoing instrument, and they acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes and considerations therein expressed.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal, at my office in the County of Los Angeles, the day and year to this certificate first above written.
Seal. Ralph Hamlin,
Notary Public to and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California.
1st pub May 28, last June 3.
ADVERTISEMENT.
Proposals for Furnishing Water Pipes and Fittings to the City of Tucson, Arizona Territory.
Sealed proposals will be received at the office of the City Recorder, Tucson, Arizona Territory, up to June 20th, 1901, for furnishing and delivering P. O. B. Carts, Tucson, Arizona, or port of the following material:
Seven thousand two hundred and fifty feet of standard weight six-inch cast iron pipe.
Fifteen six-inch cast iron tees.
Fifteen six-inch cast iron crosses.
Thirty six-inch cast iron plugs.
6000 pounds of pig lead.
400 pounds of yarn.
Three six-inch gate valves.
Fifteen standard fire hydrants, filled with one steamer and two two and one-half inch hose nozzles.
The right is reserved by the Mayor and City Council to reject any and all bids.
For further particulars address
Seal. N. E. HAWKE,
City Recorder.
1st pub May 21, last May 28.
Oil location blanks for sale at the Citizen office.
Articles of Incorporation of the Los Angeles and Beaumont Oil Company.
The undersigned, H. L. Squires, N. S. Meigs, N. J. Emerson, C. W. Baldridge and F. G. Baldridge, hereby associate ourselves together and adopt the following articles of incorporation, for the purposes of forming a corporation under the laws of the Territory of Arizona.
Article I.
The name of this corporation shall be the Los Angeles and Beaumont Oil Company, and the principal place for transacting its business shall be at Tucson, Pima County, Territory of Arizona, but proposes to carry on business in the States of California and Texas and will have an office at Los Angeles, in the State of California.
Article II.
That for the purpose for which this corporation is formed, are: drill for, and develop oil, asphaltum, and other minerals; to transport and refine oil or otherwise prepare the same for market; to acquire, purchase, hold, improve, work, and operate, sell and convey oil wells, oil machinery, oil and mineral lands and to erect all necessary buildings, and machinery necessary for said purposes; to procure, locate and purchase water and water rights; to locate under the laws of California, Arizona, and the United States, placer and lode mining claims; to construct ditches, flumes, or pipe lines, to issue, sell and convey stocks, bonds, mortgages; to purchase, acquire, sell and convey real and personal property; to farm and to cultivate any lands acquired by the corporation, and generally to do all necessary to carry on said business.
Article III.
The amount of the capital stock authorized to be issued is one Million (1,000,000) shares of the par value of one dollar each and when issued shall be forever non-assessable.
Article IV.
The time of the commencement of this corporation shall be the date these articles are filed with the county recorder of the said County of Pima. This corporation shall exist for twenty-five years from its commencement.
Article V.
The affairs of this corporation shall be conducted by a board of directors composed of five or more stockholders, to be first elected on the 1st day of July, 1901 and until each annual election thereafter.
The following are the names of the directors who are to serve until the first annual meeting and until their successors are elected, to wit, H. L. Squires, N. S. Meigs, N. J. Emerson, C. W. Baldridge and F. G. Baldridge.
Article VI.
The highest amount of indebtedness to which this corporation shall be subject shall be fifty thousand dollars ($50,000).
Article VII.
The private property of the stockholders of this corporation shall be exempt from liability for the corporation debts.
Article VIII.
These articles of incorporation may be amended by a two-thirds vote of the stockholders of this corporation at any regular meeting of the stockholders or any special meeting called for that purpose, and the amendment shall be filed with the county recorder of said County of Pima, and printed as required by law.
Article IX.
That the directors of this corporation may adopt by-laws for this corporation at their first meeting. Elections of directors and stockholders meeting [annual] shall be held yearly on the first Monday of July of each year.
In witness whereof we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 16th day of May, 1901, in duplicate.
N. J. Emerson, Seal
C. W. Baldridge, Seal
H. L. Squires, Seal
N. S. Meigs, Seal
F. G. Baldridge, Seal
State of California,
County of Los Angeles,
Before me, Ross T. Hickcox, a notary public in and for the said County of Los Angeles, and State of California, personally appeared, H. L. Squires, N. S. Meigs, N. J. Emerson, C. W. Baldridge and F. G. Baldridge, known to me to be the persons who executed the within instrument and who are mentioned in the same and they and each of them acknowledged to me that they and each of them executed the said articles of incorporation of The Los Angeles and Beaumont Oil Company, for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of office this 14th day of May, A. D., 1901.
Seal. Ross T. Hickcox,
Notary Public to and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California.
My commission expires February 28th, 1904.
10 cent Internal Revenue Stamp properly cancelled.
State of California,
County of Los Angeles,
I, C. W. Bell, County Clerk of the County of Los Angeles, and ex-officio Clerk of the Superior Court of the State of California, in and for said County, the same being a Court of Record, do hereby certify that Ross T. Hickcox whose name is subscribed to the Certificate of the proof or acknowledgment of the annexed instrument, and thereon written, was, at the time of taking such proof and acknowledgment duly commissioned and sworn, and a notary public in and for said County of Los Angeles, and State of California, and that I am acquainted with the handwriting of said notary public, and verily believe the signature to said certificate of proof or acknowledgment is genuine; and that the annexed instrument was acknowledged and certified in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the seal of said Superior Court, the 15th day of May, 1901.
Seal. C. W. Bell, Clerk.
10 cent I. R. stamp properly cancelled.
First pub. May 28, last June 3.
ADVERTISED LETTERS.
Following is a list of uncalled for letters remaining in this office for the week ending May 25, 1901.
Mr.
Aldridge, Frank McMahon, John J.
Albaredo, Manuel Metier, Guillermo.
Babst, M. C. Moore, 6 W. V.
Beecher, Joan Olivia, Mrs. T. S.
Bennett, Walter Peralta, Manuel.
Billega, Gerardo Petit, F. R. S.
Billega, Kneeblo Fett, Maria.
Billega, Urbano Ulibarry, K. F.
Bonarcon, Tellea Koitari, Geo.
Brooks, Spencer Rodriguez, Nieves.
Bucune, Jesus Koero, Franco.
Chilton, A. J. Hatz, Quiroz.
Chilton, J. D. Bustamante, Jesus.
Cordova, Victor Bronek, C.
Cordova, Juanita St. Mary, C. G. S.
Cordova, Frank Mouss, Syvadoe.
Cordova, Q. B. Koto, Jose.
Cordova, Tali Strelgh, C. A.
Cordova, Adolfo Buartsi, Manuel.
Cordova, Juan Buitrago, The.
Cordova, May, V. B. Villa, Banuago.
Cordova, Pern, W. H. E., Antonio.
Cordova, P. F. Hilo Waim, J. J.
Cordova, Whitman, Mrs. A. J.
Brown, J. D. Noe, Mrs. M.
Cadena, Felicitas Ortiz, Juana.
Cadenas, Mrs. A. B. Itelaar, Marin.
Cadenas, Maria Touag, Leon.
Cadenas, Batenuna Zepeda, Maria.
Cadenas, CHINATOWN,
Don’t Rub It In.
POM
QUICK REMEDY
For Bruises and Sprains.
Scotch
Barns
Remedy
Sure in its treatment and immediate relief. At drugstores.
Scotch Remedy Co.
Seattle, Wash.
There is more Catarrh to this affliction of the country than all other diseases combined. For years was supposed to be a local disease, and passed off as incurable. Free home proves to be a constitutional disease, and, therefore, requires constitutional treatment.
Hall’s Catarrh Cure is a constitutional remedy.
K. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is the only constitutional cure on the Western market.
It is taken internally and induces drops to a teaspoonful. It acts directly on the blood and mucous membranes of the system, causing the catarrhal matter to be thrown off.
F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio.
Sold by Druggists. Price, 75 cents.
Hall’s Family Pills are the best.
To ALL CONCERNED:
Commercial Transfer, fast freight train No. 1 will leave Tucson at 8:13 a.m., arriving at Fairbank at 8:50 a.m. Train No. 2 will leave Fairbank at 11 a.m., arriving at Bisbee at 1 p.m.
Train No. 3 will leave Tucson at 4 p.m. for Douglas, arriving at Bisbee at 5:30 p.m. The return train, No. 4, will leave Douglas at 3 p.m., Bisbee at 4 p.m.
These trains will run daily.
R. C. McNamara, Superintendent.
V. R. Smith, Agent, S. P. R. R.