POULTRY MEN WILL
MEET ON SUNDAY
The monthly meeting of the Maricopa Poultry association will be held on Saturday afternoon, April 8, at the chamber of commerce at 2 o'clock.
It is announced that, following the business session, the usual monthly institute will take place, with the Rhode Island Whites and Brahmas as the breeds to be considered.
Murray E. Memis, the assistant secretary of the chamber of commerce and a former president of the Rhode Island White club of America, will speak for the Rhode Island Whites, with some of his own birds as well as several from the pens of Mrs. John Fletcher of Tempe, to serve as models. Edgar M. LeBaron of Mesa will discuss the Brahmas with the aid of birds out of his own flock. Following these addresses, there will be a general discussion of the two breeds, which should result in an exchange of views of much practical value.
At the March meeting of the association held on the eleventh, one of the largest crowds of the season listened with a great deal of interest to two very instructive addresses on the Minorcas and the Anconas. Prof. R. B. Thompson, the poultry husbandman of the University of Arizona, discussed the former, and his assistant, Robert Penquite, the latter, illustrating their points with birds from the pens of Cyril S. Gilbert, Mrs. J. M. Williams, Mrs. R. M. deGax and Howard Soule.
Prof. John J. Thornber, the director of the agricultural experiment station of the University of Arizona, reported on the situation regarding the university's plans for the new poultry school and experiment station. Director William M. Cook of the agricultural extension service of the university was also a guest of the afternoon.
All those interested in poultry matters, whether members of the association or not, are cordially invited to attend this meeting.

BIG APRICOT CROP
NEAR SCOTTSDALE
SCOTTSDALE, April 6—Indications are that a very heavy crop of apricots and peaches will be harvested in this district this season, for every rancher reports a heavy fruiting of the above fruits. The apricot crop is especially heavy and at least 200 tons will be picked in this district this season of first class fruit, besides many tons of canning and jam fruit. Organized efforts are now being made to market the entire crop through an organization and to have the cannery at Chandler handle the overripe fruit.
E. O. Brown of this district was elected governor of the Water Users’ association for the Creighton district. He has had experience in that office before and will be able to do some valuable work for the district.
Roy George, the playwright living at his country home here, killed two of his pet cats Monday morning because they had hydrophobia. This is the second case of hydrophobia animals during the past week and farmers are warned to watch their farm animals for signs of it.
Miss Green, who is teaching in Tempe, is ill with influenza at the home of her parents living in this district and will be unable to teach for a week.
Mrs. O’Barr and her son Garland are ill with the influenza and are confined to their beds.
Two negro women were driving a bright red car at a high rate of speed along the bank of the new cross cut canal and went over the bank into the canal. The car remained upright and they escaped with slight bruises and the car was pulled out of the canal by means of a block and tackle.
R. T. Morkley will conduct a party as guests of the Ingleside club to the Roosevelt dam Thursday.
Virgil Virtue, a student in the high school, who had his saddle stolen from his home on the Pima reservation near here, is offering a reward of $10 for its return.
A baby was born to Mrs. J. A. Wilson Monday afternoon. It died soon after being born and will be buried in the Scottsdale cemetery.
The dance given by the Scottsdale Athletic club Saturday night at the Place of Sweets was a decided success, as a large crowd attended and an enjoyable time was had by all.
Cecil J. Embry was elected captain of the baseball team of the high school at a meeting of the players Wednesday. Captain Embry plays behind the bat or second base.

Sentence Whiskey Sellers
Constable Fredricks caught two men last week selling whiskey to boys in the vicinity of Twin Buttes. From what could be learned the men had been making a business of selling white mule to miners for the past month and had their headquarters near one of the caves at Twin Buttes. The first man arrested was a Mexican named Florentino Lujon and after considering his case Judge Kimsey sentenced him to 20 days in the county jail. The second offender was a white man named John Berg, and he was fined $30. Constable Fredricks is making every effort to bring to justice all those who have been selling whiskey in this district, and several more arrests may follow soon.

Graphite-Penetrating Oil
A FEW drops of Alemite Graphite Penetrating Oil applied at the right spot will take any little squeak out of any car. This wonder oil also makes cars ride easier because it gets between rust-crusted springs and lubricates the leaves. It also loosens rust-tight bolts, nuts and couplings. Buy a can today and you'll be glad tomorrow. That's all. Dealers everywhere.

At All Dealers
ALEMITE LUBRICATOR COMPANY
DISTRIBUTORS
1138 South Figueroa Street
Los Angeles, California

Says Mexico Will
Urge Exploitation
of Her Oil Fields
[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
MEXICO CITY, April 6—A decree is to be issued shortly, according to semi-official sources, which will be aimed at facilitating more extensive exploitation of Mexican territory by foreign oil companies seeking oil.
The decree, it is said, will annul certain requirements which hitherto have caused development companies to remain inactive.
According to El Mundo, the petroleum industry in Mexico is expected to be greatly stimulated by the new state of affairs. By the reported terms of the decree, which are said to be based on recommendations of Secretary Robles of the department of commerce and industry, exploitation may be made under the following conditions:
“From 23 to 40 per cent of production shall go to the Mexican government; a deposit of 50,000 pesos to be made by development companies; concessionaires must begin work within 60 days after a federal grant is given them and 23 per cent of the land which exploiters claim the right to work is to be retained by the government as a “reserve.”
-o
As a result of the lack of preparedness, the United States was compelled to expend during the 13 months of fighting in the World war the sum of $24,000,000,000.

□ D
HIGH SCHOOL
NOTES
□ * □
“Journalism means work, good hard work with longer hours, more severe discipline and greater responsibility than in most professions,” said E. A. Young, news editor of the Arizona Republican, in his talk on “Reporting of News” to the journalism students of Phoenix High School on Wednesday.
“Although there is a great deal of work and we sometimes get so tired of our profession we never want to see it again, nevertheless newspaper work is fascinating and keeps many people in the business who might do better elsewhere. In speaking further of the profession he said that the associations a reporter makes mean much to him and in newspaper work one meets the finest, most human and companionable of people.
“Learn to work under pressure,” was one bit of advice he gave the students. He added that a reporter should cultivate friends and be careful of what he writes as a precaution against libel suits. A reporter should be square in regard to confidential reports and should write up only such reports as are given him for publication. “Ask questions and plenty of them,” the journalist advised finally.
The speaker emphasized especially the value of humor in the newspaper writing. He said first, that a reporter should know what humor is; next, he should cultivate his own sense of humor and if he can write humorous articles he should do it, because the world needs fun.
The talk was one of a series of practical addresses on newspaper work which have been given the students in journalism by members of The Republican staff.
—o
News From The
North Side
GLENDALE—PEORIA
G. M. DEAN, Manager
Circulation, News, Advertising
Office: Carrick Realty Co.
Phone 2 Glendale

Here on Business
Representatives of the U. S. National bank of Los Angeles were Peoria visitors yesterday, attending to business matters with R. M. Lyle, receiver for the Exchange bank of Peoria.

Here From Scottsdale
J. A. Ireland, formerly of Peoria but now located in Scottsdale, was a business visitor today.

Farm Bureau to Meet
The regular meeting of the Peoria farm bureau will be held this evening at the grammar school auditorium and all farmers of the district are especially invited to attend. The meeting will be of especial interest to cotton growers, as the question of whether the labor of picking will be by contract or by the old methods; also whether the tax this year will be on the bale or on the lint.
Fred Elliott, attorney for the county farm bureau and also of the Pima cotton growers, will be on hand and will be the principal speaker of the evening.

a white man named John Berg, and he was fined $30. Constable Fredricks is making every effort to bring to justice all those who have been selling whiskey in this district, and several more arrests may follow soon.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN. PHOENIX, FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1922.

VOL. 1, NO. 5.

USE THE GLENDALE SHOPPER'S SHEET MAKE IT YOUR HOUSEHOLD GUIDE
REPAIR NOW-
We are fully equipped to do Automobile Repairing, Heavy Machine Work, installing Gas Engines, Welding, General Overhauling. Guaranteed work—Prices Right.
AT THE PACIFIC CREAMERY
CREAMERY GARAGE
GLENDALE
FARMERS |
IRRIGATING SHOVELS
TARPAULIN CANVAS
RUBBER BOOTS AND LANTERNS
•
Everything for the Farm
SINE BROS. CO.
GLENDALE
Where Economy
Last year's clothes made to look like
The Pantatorium
“WE CLEAN EVERYTHING”
PHONE 193 GLENDALE

Meats
Market Prepared for You
From start to finish the flavor of our meats is excellent. All of the flesh is of young stock and possesses that juiciness—tenderness which is entirely absent in meat from older animals.
“Always Good Meat”
Glendale Meat Market
WM. MESSENGER, Prop.

tires— tires— tires
6000-Mile Guarantee
30x3½ $9.40
32x3½ $12.00
31x4 $13.45
32x4 $15.90
33x4 $16.15
34x4 $16.45
[32x4 Cords $23.45]
Glendale Garage
Phone 14 Glendale

Where Will You Go
This Summer?
This question will be largely determined by the amount of money that you will have when vacation time comes around. Now is a splendid time to begin saving a definite sum each week so that you can enjoy your vacation when and where you want to.
Come in today and let us help you plan for your vacation funds.
We pay 4% interest on all Savings Accounts, compounded twice a year.
FIRST NATIONAL BANK
GLENDALE ARIZONA

The Glendale Shipper’s Sheet

A Paper Within a Paper, for Glendale Folks, and for Those Who Are Interested in Glendale.

FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 7, 1922.

N.
Let's Get Together
Have You Traded
In Glendale
This Week

U. OF A. STUDENTS TO STUDY LETTUCE INDUSTRY
GLENDALE. April —Prof. A. F. Kinnison of the University of Arizona and 12 students of the agriculture school arrived in Glendale this morning for the purpose of studying the methods of the packing, shipping and growing of lettuce. Cars were provided for the trip by Messrs. A. L. Brewster, R. T. Clark, Charles Gilbert and H. D. Bonsall. The trip was made to the Halstead lettuce fields to study the method of dry packing for express shipment. Next the students were taken to the Stout and Clark fields to study stands, types of soil and the methods of cutting. The C. & W. sheds were then visited to learn the method of packing for eastern markets and learning the necessary equipment for grading, loading and making of crates.
After lunch, H. D. Bonsall, president of the Commercial club took the party to the government poultry farm south of town where a partial study was made of the facts concerning the poultry industry. Later in the afternoon the class made a trip to the Freeland deciduous orchards and later to the Dillers citrus groves.
The class will make a trip to the Camelback and Creighton district Friday to study the conditions there. Certain members of the Murphy farm bureau learning of the intended trip of the students to the valley were present to see the demonstrations.
This entire trip made by the students was at the personal solicitation of William Thompson, when he was at the university some time ago. Mr. Thompson arranged the lettuce tours today and aided the students much in gathering their data.

Recital of Much Interest
Much interest is being shown in the musical recital which is being arranged by the library committee of the woman’s club to be shown Friday night, April 14. It is most gratifying to know that the ever increasing demand for good books is being met through the untiring efforts of the library committee. By the general interest displayed in it, it is realized that the town library is one of the greatest powers for good in the entire community. The people of Glendale should feel an interest in the library and give their co-operation and support which is necessary to secure the needed funds. This is the prime idea of the library committee to furnish these funds for the purchase of books and in doing this they are offering stellar attractions that will give the people much enjoyment for the money given toward this great cause. The admission to the recital will be free, but a silver offering will be taken and may be left at the door.

Woman’s Club to Meet
The next regular meeting of Glendale Woman’s club will be held Wednesday, April 12 at 2:30 o'clock. At that time the third anniversary of the library will be celebrated. This will be an open meeting and be in charge of Mrs. A. A. Carrick and those attending will as nearly as possible represent some book.

High School Play
The high school play "Believe Me Xantippe," which will be presented this evening at the grammar school auditorium by the members of the senior class, will be an attraction of merit and will be well worth the while of those who attend. It is a four act comedy drama and will present many and various situations that are most amusing. The money derived from the play will be used to defray the expenses of the class and to help make a presentation of some kind to the school.

About Finished
The work of decorating and repainting of the Glendale State bank building is about finished and the building presents a much nicer appearance from the inside. The entire second floor has been painted and the offices there present the last word in cleanliness. The Busy Bee has just been painted and all is in keeping with a good appearance.

INSURANCE IS MY BUSINESS
I am now located in the Hotchkiss Building
“You’d Better See Me”
JOHN McCOY
34 South First Ave.
Phone 57 - Glendale

WOMAN’S CLUB OF
PEORIA PRESENTS
CLEVER PROGRAM
PEORIA, April 6.—The Peoria Woman’s club met in regular session this week and an exceedingly interesting program was given. The day was devoted to a magazine day and the different numbers on the program and the lively discussion that ensued was very instructive to all. Mrs. O. W. Jennings gave a talk on “History of Libraries in the United States” and the absolute necessity of current magazines in the home. Mrs. A. E. Haage discussed the most advisable magazines for children, giving points that should be looked for in providing these magazines. Miss Phyllis Eaton gave two select readings: Miss Lureen Tuttle gave a reading and recited a clever piece entitled “Mustard Plaster.”
Mrs. C. A. Dugger read a story from the American Magazine dealing with the mentality of the different sexes and the various factors to be looked for. After this was read the entire club entered into an open discussion and many points were taken up and discussed. The final thing of the day was very interesting to all. Sixteen advertisements were clipped from current magazines and placed on the wall. Each lady used her memory and skill in determining the name of the advertiser, the one naming the most receiving a prize. Mrs. Julius Caplan was the one who named the most, eight being the largest number.
The program was arranged by Mrs. R. C. Martin and was one of the best ever held by the club.

Visit Phoenix Lodge
A number of the members of the Modern Woodmen of Peoria visited the Phoenix camp Wednesday night at the special request of Phoenix. After the work was put on refreshments were served and dancing engaged in. Those who attended were S. B. Thomas, Orville Andrews, John Turner, Jess Holly, Forest Furrey and C. C. Winkle.

Visiting Other Clubs
Mrs. C. A. Robinson, president of the local Woman’s club and also president of the Central Arizona Federation of Women's Clubs, is making an official visit this week to Globe and Kingman.

Back at School
Prof. W. M. Taylor, principal of the high school, who has been ill this week with the grippe, was able to return to his classes today. During his absence Supt. A. E. Haage cared for his class work.

Informal Party
An informal party was held Tuesday evening at the home of Mrs. Mabel Hood in honor of Miss Clara Morgan of St. Louis. Miss Morgan formerly lived in Peoria and has some business holdings here that she returned to attend to.
The evening was spent with games and music after which light refreshments were served. Those present were Mr. and Mrs. William Deatsch, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Dugger, Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Sturgess, Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Neely, Mrs. R. C. Martin and Miss Edna Elders.

Going on Trip
John Meyers is preparing to make a ten-day trip into the Bradshaw mountains, where he will look after some mining interests there.

Returns From Missouri
Mr. and Mrs. George Price returned this week from Missouri. Mrs. Price was quite seriously ill and in response to a telegram Mr. Price returned to be with her. They state that they are glad to be back.

(Section Two)

protect yourself by insurance
CARRICK REALTY company

TONIGHT
The Senior Class of the
Glendale High School
Will Present at the Grammar School Auditorium
‘Believe Me Xantippe’
An Amusing Comedy in Four Acts
Admission Prices —Adults 50c, Children 25c
Curtain Rises 8:15

High Quality Meats
the finest we can get and our prices are most reasonable.
Proper selection and handling assures you QUALITY MEATS
Sample & More

Time to Dress Up
Stetson Hats
and
Beaver Special Hats
$3.00 Up
Crossett Shoes
All styles—lasts and widths.
Peter’s Diamond Brand Shoes
$4.50 Up
Ray F. Stauffer
“GLENDALE’S OLDEST STORE”

PAGE THREE

PRINTED FRIDAYS