PAGE TWO

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SATURDAY MORNING, AUGUST 14, 1920

K

i i
i
i

- .... i
British forces is expressed in an an-
official statement printed in the Temps to-
day.
The bolsheviki are continuing their
westward drive beyond the Mlawa
toward the Vistula with the object of
cutting the last remaining line of com
munications with the Baltic, Poland's
main base of supplies.
The abandonment of Pultusk is con
sidered a great military defeat.
Franco-English Strain Lessens.
INDONESIA, August 13. It was offi-
cially stated this afternoon that no ar
rangements were made for a meeting
between Premier Lloyd George and
Premier Millerand as a result of the
French action in recognizing General
Wrangel's government in South Russia.
"France has taken a stand and is
maintaining it, and Great Britain has
done the same thing," the Associated
Press was informed. "There is no need
for a conference now. The tension to
day was considerably lessened."
TONZI JAILED WHEN
BONDSMEN WITHDRAW

DENVER STRIKE IS
WILL BE PUNISHED

(Continued from Page 1)
The holders. These people were prom
ised 100 per cent returns on their money
in six months.
About two weeks ago Brightwell was
summoned to an interview with Federal
District Attorney Gallagher. Bright-
well told him that he had been in this
business for a year and a half. He said
previously he had been engaged in
financial activities in Los Angeles, had
been head of an oil and gas company
somewhere in the west and had been
DENVER, Aug. 13. Legal action to
punish the leaders of the mobs which
were active last Thursday and Friday
nights in connection with the strike of
street car men, was begun today, while
union leaders were planning the estab
lishment of a line of jitney busses to
compete with street cars operated by
strike breakers.
According to A. H. Burt of Salt Lake
City, international organizer of the
union, the proposition to operate jitney
busses was considered at a conference
of the executive board of the local
union and Wayne C. Williams, attorney
for the union. He said tentative plans
for the operation of 150 automobiles
were made at the conference.

THE GREAT AMERICAN HOME

BE CAREFUL
OF YOUR CHANDELIER,

SOUR CREAM SCW1C3 TO

JOHNNY ERTLE LOSES
BALTIMORE, MD, Aug. 13. Kid
Williams of Baltimore decisively de
feated Johnny Ertle of St. Paul in a
12-round boxing match here tonight.
Billboards vs Beauty
By Frederick J. Hackin
WASHINGTON, D.C., June 6. The
staring, glaring billboard, which forces
its messages upon us wherever we go,
is again being attacked as an evil of
the modern commercial system. To
ledo has recently added its name to the
list of cities where outdoor advertising
is strictly regulated. Joseph Pen-
nell has just faced a convention of
advertising artists to deliver one of his
vituperative denunciations against the
inartistic business.
He expected Lindblad, he said, to make the
statements as he himself was un-
familiar with foreign trade. Lindblad,
he said, was on his way to Europe on
behalf of the company.
Mr. Gallagher said today that in-
vestigation so far had failed to show
any violation of federal laws by Bright-
well's concern.
Attorney General Allen, who has been
investigating the activities of Ponzi
and of the Old Colony Foreign Ex
change company, said today that he
knew that the exchange company had
sent large sums of money abroad.
He declined to make any further
statement with regard to its affairs.

the courts are at last conceding that
beauty as well as utility has rights be
fore the law.
All of this activity indicates that if
the signboards are not in danger of
immediate banishment, they are at
least being checked in their apparent
aim to cover the earth.
Mr. Pennell takes a rather gloomy
attitude toward our chances for sign
less cities and highways. He is sure
that, unless reform is speeded up, gen
erations of the future will get their
ideas of art largely from billboard
ads. He fears that the public is los-
ing its capacity for appreciating art
in its environment, unless in our
cities and highways reform of the cities
is extended to the country, he prophesies
that soon we shall ride through a lane
of signs whenever we board a train.
Ads as Farm By-Products
This last is scarcely an exaggerated
prospect. The average property owner
whose land is near a railroad is easily
bought over to allow a series of huge
boards to decorate his premises. Some
times even one side of the farm house
is profaned by a big red and yellow
mural depicting the wonders of some
article no household should be with
out, while the barn is usually so de-
corated.
Anti-billboard agitators usually try
to make graphic this boarding up of
the countryside by a story. It is al
ways the same story, though sometimes
the adjectives are different. The
hero is a man who has not been on a
train since billboards were introduced
and who has never apparently been
awakened to the awfulness of signs in
his city. He taxes a train for any
rural trip and therefore must see where
at all, joyfully expecting to receive
his bosky groves, verdant fields and other
phases of nature in the rough. But
he is in for a shock.
Instead of green and white farm
steads slipping past him, there come
variegated boards extolling the merits
of "Won't-Run Hair Dye," "Safety
First Suspenders," and "Getsum Rat
Biscuit." The gentle-faced cows
which he had looked forward to see
ing do indeed flash past at frequent
intervals, but they are painted cows
on signs urging him to remember that
milk from Happyland dairies is pure.
Injure Real Estate Values
The artistic offenses of the billboard
are more apt to be noticed when one
has to look at a row of them every
day. That people do object to signs
near their homes on aesthetic grounds
is testified to by real estate men. Prop
erty facing a signboard is almost sure
to depreciate in value. The immediate
neighborhood deteriorates, and in the
end the man who allows the sign to
be put up finds that his property has
gone down with that of his neighbors.
Because of protests of residents and
difficulty of renting houses near bill
boards, as well as for aesthetic rea
sons, a number of cities have enacted
zoning ordinances. New York is one
of these. For some years Riverside
drive, Central Park and other sections
of New York were made beautiful by
the city, only to have their attractiveness
marred by rows of double-decker
signs on their borders. Finally a com
mission was appointed and the boards
were removed by ordinance from the
city's residential sections.
When outdoor advertising was first
attacked by local regulations the "bill
board trust" raised the question of the
legality of such restrictions. The New
York courts then held that "aesthetic
considerations are a matter of luxury
and indulgence rather than of neces
sity," and similar rulings were handed
down where their ugliness was the
main reason for legislation against
street signs.
Civic associations objected that this
attitude of the courts was illogical. A
buzzing sawmill or a smelly sulphur
works would not be permitted by law
in the midst of a residential section.
Why, then, should a tax-paying citi
zen have to look out at a bum artist's
idea of a college boy radiating joy be
cause he is attired in a near-Panama
hat sold at Bill Bros., Main and Car
ter streets? Such an outlook, it was
claimed, is as exasperating to the
average person as living next to an
offensive factory, and some of the
courts have come to agree.
Often Cause Fires
Besides the generally admitted fact
that they are a blot on the landscape,
boards are considered an evil in more
tangible ways. When they are not
strongly supported there is always
danger of their falling over in storms.
Unless they are of fireproof material
they are easily inflammable and often
serve to carry fire from one building
to another. If the boards are not
raised several feet from the ground,
the space back of them almost invar
iably becomes a dump for refuse and a
convenient place for criminals to hide.
Signboards nearly always shut out
some sunlight and air. To prevent
this as much as possible, some cities
limit the height and width of the
boards. The importance of breathing
space around a building is recognized
by a number of our millionaires, not
ably John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who is
said to have bought three houses so
as to insure himself against tall build
ings being erected on either side of his
home.
Our most progressive towns have
nearly all demanded safety and sani
tation in billboard construction, and a
number of places limit the signs to
business districts, or else require the
written consent of a majority of the
property owners before a sign can be
inflicted on a residential block.
The billboard companies have fought
reform strenuously. In some states,
civic associations claim that they have
defeated legislation; in others, it was
said that they tried to have ordinances
put into effect which would not re
strict use of billboards to any extent,
but which would make it appear that
the town had settled the question.
Now that the courts are deserting
them, some of the bill-posting mag
nates seem to be falling into line with
community improvement and agreeing
to the restrictions imposed. They
still claim, however, that outdoor ad
vertising is a legitimate and highly
efficient method of business promo
tion. They point to the undeniably
artistic signs painted by Maxfield
Parrish as a sample of what a thing
of beauty the billboard can be. They
ignore the fact that Mr. Parrish has
painted only a very few ads out of
thousands displayed.
But though the cities frown at them,
the bill-posters can afford to be cheer
ful, for rural districts still offer them
unlimited opportunities for educating
the public. The railroads have not
yet been completely encased in boards,
and even when that little job is done,
there are all the roads where automo
biles travel to be decorated. Joseph
Pennell, or any other admirer of
scenery, may well shiver when he
thinks of the whole countryside goin
to billboards and scarcely a reformer
on the horizon.

Saturday Is Going to be a Record Breaking
Day at Our
Semi-Annual Clearance
Sale of Shoes

Women's White Footwear Greatly Reduced
Women's white fabric lace street high shoes, Peter's reinskin cloth, welt soles, Cuban heels, a very comfortable seasonable shoe, sale price $6.00
Women's white washable kid, five eyelet oxfords, light turn soles, dainty full Louis heels, very dressy, sale price, the pair $16.00
Women's white reinskin cloth oxfords, welt soles, full Louis heels, medium long vamps, especially dressy, the pair $7.45
Women's white reinskin fabric oxfords, for semi-dress and in particular for street, welt soles, heels, comfortable and dressy, price, the pair $7.95
Women's white Sea Island duck oxfords, white Neolin welt soles, low rubber heels, very serviceable and comfortable, price, the pair $5.95

Men's White Footwear at a Big Saving

Men's white buck, five-eyelet oxfords, medium and long last, a very dressy and comfortable summer oxford, sale price, the pair $7.95
Men's white canvas oxford, broad and English last, blucher and lace patterns, oak and Neolin soles, very comfortable sale price, the pair $5.95
Men's white palm Beach lace oxfords, English last, a very desirable and classy oxford sale price $6.95

Nelson Shoe Co.
42 W. Washington Phone 676

hat sold at Bill Bros., Main and Car
ter streets? Such an outlook, it was
claimed, is as exasperating to the
average person as living next to an
offensive factory, and some of the
courts have come to agree.
Often Cause Fires
Besides the generally admitted fact
that they are a blot on the landscape,
boards are considered an evil in more
tangible ways. When they are not
strongly supported there is always
danger of their falling over in storms.
Unless they are of fireproof material
they are easily inflammable and often
serve to carry fire from one building
to another. If the boards are not
raised several feet from the ground,
the space back of them almost invar
iably becomes a dump for refuse and a
convenient place for criminals to hide.
Signboards nearly always shut out
some sunlight and air. To prevent
this as much as possible, some cities
limit the height and width of the
boards. The importance of breathing
space around a building is recognized
by a number of our millionaires, not
ably John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who is
said to have bought three houses so
as to insure himself against tall build
ings being erected on either side of his
home.
Our most progressive towns have
nearly all demanded safety and sani
tation in billboard construction, and a
number of places limit the signs to
business districts, or else require the
written consent of a majority of the
property owners before a sign can be
inflicted on a residential block.
The billboard companies have fought
reform strenuously. In some states,
civic associations claim that they have
defeated legislation; in others, it was
said that they tried to have ordinances
put into effect which would not re
strict use of billboards to any extent,
but which would make it appear that
the town had settled the question.
Now that the courts are deserting
them, some of the bill-posting mag
nates seem to be falling into line with
community improvement and agreeing
to the restrictions imposed. They
still claim, however, that outdoor ad
vertising is a legitimate and highly
efficient method of business promo
tion. They point to the undeniably
artistic signs painted by Maxfield
Parrish as a sample of what a thing
of beauty the billboard can be. They
ignore the fact that Mr. Parrish has
painted only a very few ads out of
thousands displayed.
But though the cities frown at them,
the bill-posters can afford to be cheer
ful, for rural districts still offer them
unlimited opportunities for educating
the public. The railroads have not
yet been completely encased in boards,
and even when that little job is done,
there are all the roads where automo
biles travel to be decorated. Joseph
Pennell, or any other admirer of
scenery, may well shiver when he
thinks of the whole countryside goin
to billboards and scarcely a reformer
on the horizon.

For the first six months of 1920 there
were 2,771 suicides in the United States
as compared with 2,063 during the
same period last year.
To prevent fast deterioration of
sweet potatoes, new methods of curing
and storage have been invented for use
in many parts of the south.

WITHIN 26 MILES OF WARSAW
PARIS, August 13. Closing in upon
Warsaw from the north, east and
southeast, the bolshevik hosts are
within 20 miles of the capital, and lit
tle doubt is felt here that they will be
in the city before the peace negotia
tions are concluded.
General Haller's army holding posi
tions along the Vistula, Narew and
Bug rivers is being relentlessly pushed
toward the capital by the bolsheviki,
who are speeding up their advance.

Nominate Stoddard for State Senate
at Republican Primary. It

Linen Slip-On

Dress Trim
And Practical

BY O. B. JOYFUL

Jacob Fraser, Englishman, sold his
wife for a quart of beer, and then the
queer British law insisted upon holding
the auctioned-off wife for bigamy.
Because Miss Ella McWoodson, Ply
mouth, Conn., carried her money in her
own Stocking Bank she will lose a leg.
Doctors say it must be amputated;
bills, covered with disease germs, had
been stuffed into the stocking, and in
fection followed.
But when robber held up Mr. and
Mrs. Arnold Whiting in Brooklyn they
took $16 from Whiting, and
"They didn't get the $50 I had hid in
my stocking," said Mrs. Whiting.
Willie Berger, 15 years old, Houston,
Tex., married a 16-year-old girl merely
because she wanted to be a June
bride." Divorced in July.
(Which proves that young people are
too young to be married?)
Robert Hicks, who is 69, Kansas City,
Mo., was divorced by his wife, Othela,
aged 63, after 40 years of married life.
She said he was a flirt, and he said
she was jealous.
(Which proves that old people are
too old to be married?)
Mrs. Samuel W. Boorstein, New
York, asks for a divorce because her
husband has deserted her 12 times in
less than seven years of married life.
U. C. Hatfield, Chicago, is angry be
cause his wife acquired the habit of
coming home only on Sundays.
The average hospital is full of hu
man beings spending a lot of good
money trying to keep from dying.
Joseph Weller, Mifflintown, Pa., was
so anxious to die that he swallowed
ten carpet tacks, a handful of match
heads, and some small scraps of tin,
all of which was brought back to the
surface by a stomach pump.
Holding four aces three consecutive
times only to have them beaten three
times by straight flushes, so peeved
Edgar Morton, Denver, that he cut his
way into jail with a razor.
N. D. Starr, Memphis, cut his third
set of teeth at 84.
And the peach trees at Paulsboro,
N.J., are bearing English walnuts.
"The present style of short tight
skirts is indicative of the coming of
trousers for women," asserts Dr. El-
za Taylor Ransom, Boston.

Pennell, or any other admirer of
scenery, may well shiver when he
thinks of the whole countryside goin
to billboards and scarcely a reformer
on the horizon.

o
For the first six months of 1920 there
were 2,771 suicides in the United States
as compared with 2,063 during the
same period last year.
o
To prevent fast deterioration of
sweet potatoes, new methods of curing
and storage have been invented for use
in many parts of the south.

WITHIN 26 MILES OF WARSAW
PARIS, August 13. Closing in upon
Warsaw from the north, east and
southeast, the bolshevik hosts are
within 20 miles of the capital, and lit
tle doubt is felt here that they will be
in the city before the peace negotia
tions are concluded.
General Haller's army holding posi
tions along the Vistula, Narew and
Bug rivers is being relentlessly pushed
toward the capital by the bolsheviki,
who are speeding up their advance.

Nominate Stoddard for State Senate
at Republican Primary. It

BY CORA MOORE
New York's Fashion Authority
NEW YORK. The practicability of
the slip-on dresses that have been in
vogue this summer is appreciated most
of all by the actress. One of the Para
mount players evolved this model.
It is of white near-linen and fastens
with the two buttons and a snap on
the waist, although it appears to be
much more complicated. The waist is
cut to hip length and made in cross
over effect. The skirt with the drapery
across the back and sides is attached
to the belt so that the whole thing can
be slipped on together and fastened up
trig and trim in no time at all.
Furthermore, the frock launders
easily. The near-linen itself, like
linen, improves with every contact with
water and the drapery can be let out
straight for pressing, then caught to
the skirt either with snaps or a few
stitches.
"JIM THE JUMPER"
AT WORK IN TOLEDO
TOLEDO "Jim the Jumper" is at
Work in Toledo. Three homes were re
cently entered and ransacked, the rob
ber in each case escaping by jumping
through glass windows.

THE STORE
OF
GREATER VALUES
PHONE 4391

Established 1862

STORE HOURS
9 TILL 6
SATURDAY
INCLUDED

A Special Sale Of

FOR SATURDAY
Blouses at Half Price
One lot of Fleur-de-Lis hand-made blouses of French Voile and Batiste,
good styles and beautifully made. Special Saturday at one-half price.

All
Dresses suit
14.95 and
Final Clearance

Dresses of Gingham, Organdie, Dotted Swiss and Voile. Very neatly made
in the latest styles. Priced for final clearance at $14.95 and $19.95.
Sale on Second Floor