HiititlMlk""

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN
The Arizona
Republican,
Full
Leased Wire
A. P. Report
The Sun
Always Shines
Finest
Winter Climate
in the World
' INDEPENDENT PROGRESSIVE JOURNAL
-X - ;
TWENTY-SIXTH YEAR
12 PAGES
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 18, 1916.
12 PAGES
VOL. XXVI. NO. 244.

RAIN KEEPS UP, RESERVOIR ON
VERGE OF AGAIN RUNNING OVER

SILT RIVER BIG RANCHERS

WARNED BY SHERIFF TO GET OUT

OF DANGER ZONE FLOOD COMING

If the rain keeps up, and nothing happens to disturb the unceasing flow of waters into the great lake behind the dam at Roosevelt, thirty-six hours after The Republican reaches its readers this morning, the reservoir will be full, and the great dam will be overflowing.
This news was given out by the Reclamation Service yesterday afternoon. It will come almost as a thunderbolt to water users of the valley, but it will be a most welcome piece of news. Although the lake has not been so very low at any time since its overflow last April, that it was about to stop over again, was not surmised by the most optimistic.
In the last twenty-four hours, ending yesterday morning, there had been a rain of 51,577 acre feet. The dam only lacks about 110,000 acre feet of being full. Later reports gave the inflow at about 111,000 acre feet a day. There was also an increase in elevation of 5.15 feet. At six a.m. the intake was registering an inflow of 7,300 feet. At three o'clock it had raised to 8,50 feet.
Granite Reef is also doing its share of the good work. The elevation raised there until yesterday afternoon it was registered at 2.50 feet. The highest point last year was 3.30 feet.
Late reports from the dam last night had it that the elevation was still going up, and lacked but ten feet of spilling over. At that time the intake was registered at 9.20 feet.
If It Overflows.
Word was passed along to the sheriff's office yesterday afternoon, that if conditions did not change, and the dam overflowed, people living in the river bottoms south of town would be in imminent peril. The river has already raised, so that many ranch houses are inundated and in danger of washing away. Sheriff Adams looked up a boat, and with its aid, went sailing around the river notifying ranchers that they had better move before they were drowned out.
Whole Valley Soaked
Rain was prevalent all over the valley. In fact, it might be called predominant. It was the sole topic of conversation on the streets yesterday. It was a common sight to

Rising Rivers Cause Damage
In Southern Part California

Republican A. P. Leased Wire;
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17. Two men were reported drowned and more than 100 people were homeless tonight as a result of the heavy rain storm which has caused almost every river and stream in southern California to overflow its banks and inundate the lowlands adjacent.
Fred Smith and A. Rivere, ranchers, were reported to have lost their lives late today while trying to ford swollen streams.
A tributary of the Santa Ana river overflowed its banks near Redlands and flooded twenty houses in the lowlands. More than sixty persons were rescued from the flooded district and taken to a refugee camp established at a sanitarium nearby.
Twelve houses in East Highlands, San Bernardino county, were surrounded by the flood waters of the Santa Ana river. The occupants were taken out by rescue parties. The homeless families were cared for tonight at an orange packing house.
Street car and railroad traffic throughout Southern California was demoralized and numerous accidents reported.
The local weather bureau predicted late today that the rain would continue tonight and tomorrow.
In Los Angeles water flooded many streets in the low sections from curb to curb. Today 4.72 inches of rain had fallen during the storm.
A teamster who drove his team into an open sewer in the Hollywood district here was hurled from his wagon and probably fatally hurt. His horse was killed.
Six members of the family of George West, isolated on a ranch near Crown, were rescued late today after two boats used by rescuers had been overturned and lost.
Wire communication with San Diego was cut off shortly after noon. Washouts prevented railroad communication.
The storm extended far into Arizona, where washouts and flood conditions generally were reported. Resident L. D. O'Donnell, one of the five commissioners of the United States Reclamation Service, arrived in Phoenix yesterday for a two days' visit and look at the project.
Mr. O'Donnell, who is aptly named the "First Farmer in the United States," attended the meeting of the Maricopa County Farm Improvement Association at the Chamber of Commerce. He addressed those present and told of many phases of farming on this kind of a project.
He was informed yesterday,
(Continued on Page One)
Mr. O'Donnell was quite cheerful about the state of the weather. It was natural
The only amendment accepted was one providing that men married before November 2, the day Premier Asquith gave his pledge, should be regarded under the bill as married men. An amendment that the bill should not apply to single men above the age of thirty years was defeated.
Premier Asquith was again in communication with the labor party tonight, with a view to arriving at an agreement upon amendments which would be acceptable both to the government and to the laborites, providing safeguards against the bill being utilized for industrial compulsion.

I. D. O'DONNELL BRINGS FORD OF CHEER TO PROJECT FARMERS

MOST OF STATE
GETS SOAKING:
DOT IF! BISBEE

(Special to The Republican)
PRESCOTT, Jan. 17. The big rain storm that struck this section last Friday is still very much in evidence and the downpour continues. No snow was evident today as was the rule on Saturday and Sunday.
Flagstaff Gets It Too
FLAGSTAFF, Jan. 17. Rain was still falling in copious quantities here this evening, with apparently little hope of any let-up. There is no snow.
At Jerome, Too
JEROME, Jan. 17. A drizzling rain is falling here. The storm has continued since Friday night, and roads in this vicinity are almost impassable.
Light Rain at Tucson
TUCSON, Jan. 17. Tucson was visited by a light rain today, somewhat less water falling than did yesterday. A rise of temperature was reported.
Yuma Is Soaked
YUMA, Jan. 17. A gentle rain has fallen here all day, and the country tide is soaked. The wetness has continued since Friday.
At Mesa and Chandler
MESA, Jan. 17. Mesa and the surrounding territory is still getting a good pile and steady rain, and this condition has prevailed since Friday.
Chandler is also feeling the effects of the showers at the present time.
Much Moisture at Globe
GLOBE, Jan. 17. The rainfall that set in here Friday evening is still coming down, seemingly without an end. Roads and trails are in bad shape owing to the surplus of water.
Florence Wet Too
FLORENCE, Jan. 17. Owing to the presence of an all-day rain, this section
(Continued on Page Three)
Residents of the Gila river valley, a few miles southwest of Phoenix, were warned to prepare to flee to higher ground.
Train service between Yuma, Arizona, and Los Angeles has been interrupted. Storm Wrecks Oil Plant
BAKERSFIELD, Calif., Jan. 17. Property damage estimated at $270,000 was caused in the Midway oil district
(Continued on Page Three)
It was naturally supposed that he would be disappointed at not being able to get out over the project and look things over. On the contrary, he was enthusiastic over the rain, and expressed the opinion that it was the best thing that could happen to the valley, and that he was heartily glad of it.
"Times are better on all the projects," said Mr. O'Donnell. "Prices are better and market conditions are better. I can see no reason why all the projects in the country should not enjoy the greatest prosperity in their history. We have always considered the Salt River project the model of the United States. It is ideally situated, and highly developed. Of course the land here was farmed quite a bit prior to the building of the dam, and this helped considerably. Though it is an ideal project, we have one other of about 40,000 acres which is paying out faster than here. The farmers on that project took up desert land and do not have the burdens that your farmers have here.
"The water users' associations are all getting stronger and are most of them taking up the question of rural credits with beneficial results."
Mr. O'Donnell, who is from Billings, Montana, has one of the finest farms in the country. He is an expert on the question, and is the biggest man in his line today. In speaking of the farm question over the country, he said:
"Most of the farmers of the country are starting to look at the question the same as I always have; that is, raise less and save more. That has always been my motto and I have found it a good one."
He is on his way east and will leave here some time today.

PEACE PARTY'S
PLANS HALTED

Republican A. P. Leased Wire
THE HAGUE, Jan. 17. (Via London)
Germany's refusal to permit members of the Ford peace board to travel through German territory to Scandinavia has temporarily halted the board's peace plans. The members today selected Stockholm for the regular meeting place, but so far appeals to the German minister at The Hague and also to the Berlin foreign office for permission to cross Germany again have been denied.
About ten days ago the entire expedition crossed northwestern Germany on a special train from Copenhagen, but now the Berlin military authorities absolutely refuse again to grant such a privilege, inasmuch as the state department at Washington also has refused to extend the American passports to include Germany. As a result the members say they will remain at The Hague and wait indefinitely if necessary.
Stockholm was selected because it was far removed from the vicinity of the belligerents.
Dr. Charles F. Aked and Mme. Rosika Schwimmer said today that it would be many weeks before the board is sufficiently organized to enable it to do anything more than preliminary work.
CHILD LABOR
BILL TO PASS
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17. The Keating bill to regulate child labor, similar to the measure which passed in the last congress, was favorably reported today by the labor committee. It will be pressed for passage.
The bill, which was opposed in committee hearings by representatives of many southern cotton manufacturers, would make it unlawful to ship in interstate commerce goods produced wholly or partly by children under 16 in mines or quarries and by children under 14 in factories.
In its report the committee directed attention to the fact that in several southern states having extensive cotton mills there is prohibition of employment of young children. Manufacturers in North and South Carolina have been permitted to employ 14-year-old children for eleven hours a day.
COAL MEN IN
JOINT MEET
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 17.
Prospects for an interstate wage agreement in the central competitive bituminous coal fields were considered bright tonight after it was announced that the operators and union miners of Western Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Illinois, had agreed to hold a joint conference for the purpose of negotiating a new four-state scale. The meeting will be held in Mobile, Alabama, beginning February 1.
The agreement to hold this conference in the southern city was reached at a meeting of operators and miners today at which John P. White, international president of the United Mine Workers, which opens its biennial convention here tomorrow, presided.
The miners and operators in the four states are at present working under separate state agreements, which expire March 31.
TROUBLE WHEN
WAR IS ENDED
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17. Referring to the Mexican situation in the Senate today, Senator Poindexter, Republican, predicted serious international difficulties after the close of the European war.
"When the European war closes," he said, "this nation will be confronted with a real international problem if, in the meantime, the policy of weakness toward Mexico that we have adopted is not abandoned. It is a part of a general foreign policy of abandonment and surrender in every direction in which interests of our people have been established."
BAD FIRE AT
WIRT, OKLA.
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 17. Fire today destroyed the entire business section and a portion of the residence section of Wirt, Oklahoma, in the Healdton oil field. Forty buildings were burned and reports tonight said five hundred people were homeless. Appeals for aid in patrolling the burned district were sent from the town late today. Tonight Sheriff Garrett of Ardmore, with a force of men, took charge of the situation and a guard was placed about the section swept by the fire. The loss is estimated at $150,000.
CONSIDERING
CONSERVATION
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17. Consideration by the house of representatives of the administration conservation program probably will be completed tomorrow with passage of the Ferris bill to throw open for entry in 640-acre homesteads an immense area of semi-arid and mountainous land in the west. Debate on the measure virtually had been completed when the house adjourned today.

BODY OF BANDIT IS

BROUGHT TO BORDER
FOR IDENTIFICATION

Remains of General Rodriguez Brought to Juarez
to Prove Has Been Executed
Colonel Baca-Valles Taken Alive
EL PASO, Texas, Jan. 18.
The special train bearing the refugees from the Parral and Durango districts arrived in Juarez at 1:15 this morning. Passengers were at once escorted to the international bridge by Mexican troops.
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
EL PASO, Texas, Jan. 17. The train from Madera, Chihuahua, bearing a body which Mexican officials at Juarez decided to be that of General Jose Rodriguez, the Villa bandit chief, reported officially to have been executed last Thursday, reached Juarez at 10:50 tonight. The announced purpose in bringing the body to the border was to prove to Americans that the man who is said to have been in command of the bandits that slaughtered 19 Americans at Santa Isabel last Monday really had been captured and executed. However, no one was permitted to view the body tonight, according to Mexican officials.
The train also brought Colonel Manuel Baca-Valles, another Villa bandit chief, captured just below the border west of Columbus, N. M. He was trying to escape into the United States but was stopped by United States troops. He and Lieutenant Colonel Enrique Cisneros were captured, but the latter was not brought to Juarez. Colonel Baca-Valles will be executed at Juarez at 8 o'clock tomorrow morning and his body placed on view with that of Rodriguez.
General Galucl Gavira, commandant at Juarez, said that the bodies of the late outlaw leaders would be packed in ice and placed on view at the railroad station tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock.
On October 14 last, General Rodriguez left Juarez at the head of 3000 men to aid in the Sonora campaign which marked the downfall of Villa. Then he rode in a private car bearing his name on gilded plates at the sides. Tonight his body was returned to Juarez in a box car which was switched off into a freight yard. It was wrapped in a blood-reddened shroud of muslin that hid the head and lay on a stretcher propped at the head with firewood left from the store of fuel with which the Carranza guard used to warm themselves on the long trip north. On the breast of the body was pinned a $10 note of the now worthless Villa currency.
(Continued on Page Two)
HERS VOTE TO
(Special to The Arizona)
CLIFTON, Ariz., Jan. 17. Striking miners in the Clifton, Morenci and Metcalf districts today voted to return to work for fifteen days provided the managers of the Detroit Copper company, the Shannon Copper company and the Arizona Copper company will agree to a conference with the men before the expiration of that period for the purpose of adjusting existing grievances. Incidentally the agreement to return to work carries with it the provision that during the fifteen days none of the former employees who refused to join the union and who are now at the companies' refugee camp at Duncan shall be reemployed.
While the mine managers admitted tonight they had been unofficially informed of this action they would make no statement pending official information. As there are upwards of thirteen hundred former employees in the refugee camp it is not believed the managers will consent to the proposed arrangement. This means that the strike situation is apparently again deadlocked.
Rumors are persistent, however, that by some means or other, the strike will officially end not later than January 20. Now that the Western Federation of Miners has been renounced, the strikers are said to be just as anxious to return to work as they were at any time to remain out. Should a majority of the men vote within the next day or two to return unconditionally, it is understood that Sheriff Cash will guarantee the men ample protection and practically force the reopening of the mines and plants.
The proposal of the men to return to work is made with the understanding that the old scale shall obtain, which means that upon the resumption of work the men will begin working on a basis of 24-cent copper. The scale as presented by the mine managers a few days ago does not thoroughly appeal to the men, it is said, particularly on the point of the hours the men are to be given credit for working. It is believed however, that this is one of the points that would be considered in arriving at a final settlement.

FIFTEEN DAYS WITH PROVISO

WON'T PERMIT TROOPS
TO PASS THROUGH
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Jan. 17. The state department at Washington has denied a request of the de facto government that six hundred cavalry troops be permitted to cross United States territory from Naco, Arizona to El Paso, to aid in running down bandits in the state of Chihuahua, it was announced here today by Ives G. Levivier, Mexican consul. The refusal, he said, was based on the excited condition of residents in El Paso.
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17. Whether the Carranza government in Mexico is to be held responsible by the United States for the death of the American mining men slain by bandits near Santa Isabel may depend upon the outcome of an investigation of a circumstantial story which reached the state department today telling how the murdered Americans had been assured a safe conduct by Carranza authorities.
Officials indicated clearly tonight, however, that the evidence so far was not conclusive and that no decision would be reached pending a thorough inquiry. They pointed out also that should Carranza eventually be held responsible, that would not mean a break in this government's relations with him, though it would result in a demand for indemnity in addition to punishment of the murderers, already demanded and promised.
The story of the safe conducts came from Collector Cobb at El Paso, whose dispatch repeated a statement by a person connected with one of the companies operating in Chihuahua. This informant said that before the departure of the Americans from Chihuahua he had been told by C. R. Watson, head of the party, and one of those killed, that the trip had been arranged after Carranza authorities had given Watson a personal passport and had issued a general passport for the others. Watson, it was said, had been assured in addition by the authorities that no
(Continued on Page Three)
RETURN FOR
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
CLIFTON, Ariz., Jan. 17. Conflicting reports were circulated here today regarding the action of the striking employees of the Arizona, Shannon and Detroit Copper companies, upon resolutions adopted in connection with propositions to resume work, the primary demand of the managers, the elimination of the Western Federation of Miners having been met a week ago.
The report upon the resolution given out by the press committee of the strikers stated:
"The striking miners and mechanics voted to go back to work with the understanding that a conference with the managers will be granted within fifteen days.
"Clifton accepted the proposition first, then Morenci, then Metcalf. This action followed a proposition offered by the managers three days ago to the effect that the men return to work and discuss grievances and the wage scale later.
Another report published here stated that in the resolutions adopted the men offered to return to work for fifteen days, on the old scale, advanced to include "copper selling at 24 cents," provided "that at the expiration of the fifteen days, the managers would meet the committee of employees for adjustment of grievances and a new wage scale. The resolution further provided that the mine managers must not import former employees from the refugee camp at Duncan, during the fifteen days."
Managers Unofficially Informed
EL PASO, Tex., Jan. 17. Managers of the three companies operating in the Clifton copper milling district said they had not been officially advised regarding the report that the strikers had demanded that former employees who did not join the union and who went to Duncan, Ariz., could not go back to work, when the strikers do. If that be true, they indicated that agreement could hardly be reached. They had no official advice on this point.

RESPONSIBILITY
OF CARRANZA TO
BE DETERMINED

MONTENEGRO IS
FOR PEACE AND
LAYS DOWN ARMS

With All Lines of Retreat
Cut Off Except Into Albania,
Asks Austria-Hungary
for Peace and the
Request Is Granted
FIRST NATION
TO WITHDRAW
Had Been Conceded for
Days Situation Was Critical Because Conflict Unequal Owing to Nation's
Inferior Fighting Force
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
Beset on the north, east and west by Austro-Hungarian armies, and with all lines of retreat cut off, except into Albania, where hostile tribesmen must be faced, Montenegro has asked Austria-Hungary for peace, and her request has been granted. The unconditional laying down of arms by Montenegro was made the basis of the opening of peace negotiations, and Montenegro accepted these terms imposed by the dual monarchy.
This announcement was made to the Hungarian parliament by Premier Tisza, and it met with an ovation on the part of the members of the chamber. Thus comes the first withdrawal of any belligerent from either of the alliances that have been fighting with it.
It had been conceded for days that the situation of Montenegro was a critical one. Although the army of the little kingdom fought valiantly against the Austro-Hungarians, it was unequal because of inferior forces, lack of guns and, it has been stated, a shortage in commissariat supplies, to the task of holding back the armies that had in conjunction with their allies, succeeded in crushing Serbia.
Already the Montenegrin capital and many of its important towns had fallen into the hands of the Austro-Hungarians, and the invaders were well on their way to Montenegro's chief seaport-Antivari.
Last accounts had the Montenegro government at Scutari. The whereabouts of King Nicholas is not known.
The British and Russians in Mesopotamia and the Caucasus regions, respectively, are pressing the Turks hard. The army of King George, coming northward from the Persian Gulf to the relief of the British forces at Kut-El-Amara, has driven the Ottomans to within six miles of the beleaguered town on the Tigris.
The Russians, in their drive along the front of nearly 100 miles in the Caucasus have won additional points of vantage from the Turks, especially in the Arasa and Ildiz Valley regions.
Constantinople admits this, but says that south of the Arasa heavy casualties were inflicted on the Russians.
On the other fronts little fighting of moment has taken place. The British and French guns in France and Belgium have been busy bombarding German trenches, while on the Russian front there has been fighting only at isolated points from the Riga region to Bukowina.
The Italians, through a concentrated artillery fire on trenches near Oslavia, taken from them recently by the Austro-Hungarians, have forced out the invaders and again occupied their former positions.
According to the semi-official Overseas News Agency of Berlin, entente allied troops have landed at Phaleron, a port five miles southwest of Athens and once the port of the Greek capital.
The Berlin newspapers, the news agency says, attribute this as a part of preparations looking to the overthrow of King Constantine and the placing of Eleutherios Venizelos, the former premier, who always has sided with the entente powers, at the head of a Greek republic.
BOY TELLS OF
BIG THEFT
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
REDLANDS, Cal., Jan. 17. Gerald Sullivan, 17 years old, abandoned today his intent to walk back from Los Angeles to New York, his home town, and because of the rain and mud surrendered himself to the police here.
After being dried out he said that he had stolen $656 in cash and $3,700 in checks from his employers, an equipment company, and had taken two chums to Los Angeles for a trip.
When all but $123 of the money was spent, the other boys, according to Sullivan, took this sum away from him and left him penniless. He said he tore up the checks.
SHIP AFIRE AT SEA
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
MADRID, (Via Paris), Jan. 17. The Belgian steamer Ville D'Anvers sent out a wireless call for help today saying that the vessel was on fire 193 miles off Vigo. Later another wireless was received, stating that the crew of the steamer had extinguished the flames and that the Ville D'Anvers was in no danger.
Available shipping records contain no vessel named Ville D'Anvers.