6

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: WEDNESDAY MORNING, MARCH 12, 1902

THE TEMPE-MESA REPUBLICAN sent free to men

B. W. LACY, JB., Editor and
Tempe Department,
Otto Hotel Casa Loma. 'Phone 26.

THE TEMPE NATIONAL BANK
TEMPE, ARIZONA.
General Banking Business.
C. B. JONES, President. A. C. OZANNE, Vice President.
W. H. WILBUR, Cashier.
Directors: C. B. Jones, A. C. Ozanne, J. W. Woolf, M. E. Curry, Albert
Miller, William Rohrig, E. W. Wilbur.

BIRCHETT & SON, GROCERS All our goods are guaranteed. Dealers in Choice and Fancy Groceries. Try produce received in exchange for

Tempe, Arizona.

CASA LOMA

TEMPE
The neighbors living in the neighborhood
of the Casa Loma will please note the following water schedule: Tibbadeaux,
March 14, 4 p.m. to 7 p.m., March 14; Conover, March 14, 7 p.m. to 10 p.m.,
March 14; Fogal, March 14, 10 p.m. to 4 a.m., March 16; Olsen, March 16, 4
a.m. to 4 p.m., March 16; Harmon, March 18, 4 p.m. to 4 a.m., March 19;
Petteisen, March 19, 4 a.m. to 4 p.m., March 19; Adams, March 19, 4 p.m. to
4 a.m., March 20; Cummings, March 20, 4 a.m. to 4 p.m., March 20; Jacobson,
March 20, 4 p.m. to 4 a.m., March 21; fail Carlson, Zanjero.
J. L. Mullen, who has been shipping cattle recently, will send out six carloads tonight. Mr. Mullen said that there were many good cattle left in the vicinity yet.
The alfalfa land is
filling up and the cattle will be fat.
This shipment goes to the Union Stockyard or Los Angeles.
J. K. Breitwieser, representing the Rand Oil Company, which owns or holds interests in extensive tracts near Tempe, was in town yesterday. Mr. Breitwieser said that his company was ready to commence boring near Tempe if oil should be struck in the neighborhood. The Arizona Standard Company, which has land near his place, upon which it is now drilling, is affiliated with the Rand Oil Company and should oil be found near Tempe by the former company, or if the indications become very favorable, they will take up the work at once with improved machinery.
The Alpha Literary Society, at the Normal School, will celebrate Saturday evening the most auspicious occasion in the history of the organization. The society has been donated a handsome new banner and to celebrate this event in proper style the members of the society will carry out a varied program embracing musical and literary features of no mean merit. The public is cordially invited to be present. On March 29 Mesa is to have one of the greatest treats the quiet little town has enjoyed for some time. The great Uneeda Club, who staged the minstrels so successfully Friday night in Tempe, have engaged the opera house in Mesa for the last Friday in March. The fame of the minstrels is now widespread and it is expected that the house will be crowded. On April 11 or thereabouts the same club will give a second exhibition in Tempe. It is rumored that the ladies will be invited to participate in the show. With a program as good as the last and enacted by young ladies instead of witty, but more or less ugly boys, the success of the show would be unparalleled.
Mrs. Alden, grand chief of honor, and Miss Heymann, grand recorder of the jurisdiction of Colorado, Arizona and New Mexico, as foretold in this column, organized a Degree of Honor of the I.O.O.F. at Tempe. Over fifty members were enrolled and the prospects of the lodge are most encouraging. The two lodges will organize a similar lodge in Phoenix tonight, where Mrs. Alden says they will have fifty members.
Mrs. Theodore L. Schultz yesterday entertained in her usual delightful manner. Present were:
Chief Justice
Street.
Mrs. Secretary
Allyn Lewis of
Stoddard and Mrs.
R.
Phoenix. Mrs. Hiss of Aurora, Mrs. Kennedy of Charleston, Ill., Mrs. Gage of Tempe were present.
Jake Politzer of Naco, W. Moeur and Alfred Franklin of Phoenix have recently been in Tempe.
Ed Wesson goes to El Paso tonight.
Andrew Nielsen has been in Phoenix on business.
Willis Grander has been to Mesa on business connected with the Uneeda Club.
Another newly married couple is stopping at the Casa Loma. They are Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Gunther of Kansas. Miss Marie Hughes of Tempe has reappeared to her old friends as Mrs. Gunther and she is a welcome visitor.
Among the guests registered at the Casa Loma today are: Mrs. Mary P. Alden, Mrs. Carrie Reymann, T. W. Burkett, Des Moines; A. R. Poswiel, Los Angeles; W. A. Moeur and Alfred Franklin, Phoenix; J. T. Garner of California; J. E. Sturgeon, Tempe; Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Dryhef, Pinta, Ill.; H. Stuart, P. Newfold, Rattle Creek; S. L. Marks, California; Winfield Trovers McPherson of Richmond, Va., who is thinking of settling in Arizona, and Frank Lawrence of New York City.
We have been in the markets extensively and can give lowest prices. Fire stock of goods all in this week. Call and see for yourself. Hyder Bros.
One of the largest congregations that has gathered in Mesa for a long time assembled Sunday at 2 p.m. at the funeral of Henry C. Rogers, who died Saturday morning at his home in Lehi. The large tabernacle was handsomely decorated with palms and evergreens, and the pulpit was draped with cream-colored cloth and green twigs. The building was crowded to its fullest and there were many who could not gain admittance. Among the audience were people from all over the valley, who came to show their feelings of sympathy for the bereaved family and respect for the departed one. Long before the time for the funeral, the natives who had learned to love "Brother Rogers" began to arrive and the street north of the building was lined with sad-faced Pimas, Maricopas and Papagos.
There were on the stand, besides the bishoprics of the various wards of the stake and high priests and elders, President Brigham Young of the quorum of apostles, President C. R. Hakes, and W. J. LeParon of the stake presidency. President C. R. Hakes presided at the meeting. The choir sang "You Who Weep, Weep Not Alone." Prayer was offered by Bishop Samuel Openshaw of Nephi ward, followed by the choir in "Rock of Ages, Cleft for Me."
Elder F. T. Pomeroy was the first speaker. He spoke of the long and useful life the deceased had lived, and how faithfully he had fulfilled the trusts given to him. "He was a Godly man, and the guiding star of his life was that which characterized the life of his Master. 'Father, Thy will be done and not mine.' He had the love of all the people with whom he was acquainted in every walk of life, whether on the plains or deserts, in the halls of the legislature in which he faithfully served his country one session, in his temporal associations, his ecclesiastical, or in the family circle, he was the same honest, steadfast, cheerful, loving man of God. He was a man with a purpose in life, and no obstacle would swerve him from the path of duty. He was an exceedingly pious man, humble and full of faith in his God and his purposes, and if the history of his life should be written, in it would be found visions, dreams, answers to prayer, and the manifestations of Providence in his behalf, the like of which has been enjoyed by but few men that have lived upon earth. He was humble and modest and looked upon all mankind as his brethren and sisters. Even the Indians had been blessed by his counsels, and hundreds had been brought into the folds of Christ through his ministrations, and as a unit, they were now in mourning over his departure. We rejoice in his noble life and mourn his departure."
Elder C. K. Hakes, Jr., said that in the life of Brother Henry C. Rogers is found an example for all mankind to follow. Throughout his life he had left a trail of blessings behind him, and we mourn not for him, for he is all right, but we mourn because we will miss his presence, his counsel and his influence in life. His life was one grand testimony to the Gospel and of the Master whom he served, and he has gone to his reward. May we reach ours as worthily.
President Brigham Young was the next speaker, and he referred to the life of Brother Henry C. Rogers in eloquent terms. He declared him to have been a "man of God, and gone to what I have been laboring for many years to obtain. It was but Tuesday last that I had a long visit with Brother Henry, and when I meet him beyond the veil, I expect to greet him as I did at that time. I will throw my arms around him. Will I know him? Yes. I knew him before we came to this earth.
MOTHER AND BABE
Sick mother, sick child
Scott's Emulsion Works When!
When mother is nursing her infant, Scott's Emulsion is an ideal medicine for nursing mothers. It has a direct effect on the brain. Sometimes the mother is weak; her thin milk does not make the baby grow. Scott's Emulsion changes all that. The rich cod-liver oil in Scott's Emulsion feeds the mother and gives a flow of rich, nourishing milk for the baby. The medicine in Scott's Emulsion not only strengthens the mother but goes naturally through the milk and strengthens the child. Nothing to harm all good. Scott's Emulsion.
We will send you a little toy if you order. Scott's Emulsion, 409 Pearl Street, New York City.
Free Trial Package of This New Discovery Mailed to Every Man Sending Name and Address—Quickly Restores Strength and Vigor.
Free trial packages of a most remarkable remedy are being mailed to all who will write the State Medical Institute. They cured so many men who had battled for years against the mental and physical suffering of lost manhood that the Institute has decided to distribute free trial packages to all who write. It is a home treatment and all men who suffer with any form of sexual weakness resulting from youthful folly, premature loss of strength and memory, weak back, varicocele, or emaciation of parts can now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful effect of warmth and seems to act directly to the desired location, giving strength and development just where it is needed. It cures all the ills and troubles that come from years of misuse of the natural functions and has been an absolute success in all cases. A request to the State Medical Institute, 1132 Elektron Building, Ft. Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one of their free trial packages, will be complied with promptly. The Institute is desirous of reaching that great class of men who are unable to leave home to be treated, and the free sample will enable them to see how easy it is to be cured of sexual weakness when the proper remedies are employed. The Institute makes no restrictions. Any man who writes will be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a plain package, so that its recipient need have no fear of embarrassment or publicity. Readers are requested to write without delay.
associated for forty years, and if the immortalized body, purified and straightened and perfected, will have changed, the spirit that I have known for so long will be there, and we shall know each other. Brother Rogers labored to become like the Master. As this earth in its perfected, celestial state, will be their abode, enlarged or otherwise, according to the purposes of an all-powerful Creator, and we shall all know each other there, and will go on in knowledge and power until we verily become "heirs of God and joint heirs with Jesus Christ." Peace to his family, and may God carry comfort to their souls. Brother Henry is all right, let his children pick up the reins where he let them fall and continue the good work. God bless you all. Amen.
A daughter of Valenzuela, who has been attending the Indian school at Phoenix, and is quite well educated and talented, sang "Nearer My God to Thee," in clear melodious tones, that delighted as well as saddened the audience by the pathos and deep feeling that was manifest, which seemed a message from her people to one they loved.
Valenzuela, a native missionary companion of Brother Rogers, then spoke through an interpreter, Bishop G. M. Tiffany, and said in part that he had labored with Brother Rogers for eighteen years, had traveled the deserts by day and night with him, and knew him to be a good man. He has gone to his rest, and will receive his salvation in the presence of the Lord. I have just returned from a visit to the natives in the south and brought many expressions of love from them to him, but I found him gone and it is all right. We all loved him and mourn at his departure.
President C. R. Hakes then spoke for a short time, and referred feelingly to the pleasant labors he had enjoyed with the deceased during their association in the presidency of the Maricopa stake. "He was one of the most humble and modest men I ever knew. He was fearless in expressing his opinions in our councils, but whenever a decision was rendered, no matter where he stood on the proposition, he would lend every energy to carry out the measure. He was broad-minded and charitable, had the love of God in his heart, and has gone where I desire to go when my time comes, and where we should all go, for Brother Henry has "gone to his reward," as there is a crown in heaven. I pray God to comfort his widow, and He will comfort her, as well as her children. And I say to them, as Brother Brigham said, 'Pick up the reins where he let go of them and continue in the path he was treading and all will be well with you.' " He related the calling of Henry C. Rogers to go south by President Brigham Young early in the 70s. He had lived for twenty-five years in Provo, all his family and relatives were there, and when he stepped into President Young's office and was asked if he didn't want to "go south into Arizona" to establish a colony, he replied, "If you ask me if I want to go, I tell you plainly, no. But if you ask me to go, I say, yes, when shall I start." And here he came and has been here for forty years, and would not be moved from his place unless the same authority said so. He has gone to his rest. God help us to emulate his example and to go where he is, at the end.
After the choir sang, the congregation was dismissed by Hyrum S. Phelps, and the congregation was permitted to view the remains. It was truly pathetic to see the natives file past and view the face of him whom they had loved in life and mourned in death. And they were honest tears that they shed. After viewing the remains they filed past the wife and family of the deceased and shook them silently by the hands, with tears in their eyes, mute witnesses to the love they had for the deceased and their sympathy for the bereaved ones.
There were over eighty carriages following the hearse to the cemetery.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
of the
WATOSA COMPANY.
Be it known, that the undersigned, having voluntarily associated themselves together with the intention of forming a corporation under the laws of the Territory of Arizona, have adopted and hereby do adopt the following articles of incorporation:
ARTICLE I.
The name of the corporation shall be The Watosa Company.
The general nature of its business shall be to buy and otherwise acquire, manufacture and sell patent, proprietary and other medicines of all kinds; also flavoring extracts, ointments, salves, liniments, lotions, spices and condiments; and to do anything that is convenient in connection therewith, properly incident thereto, and necessarily connected with the same and any part thereof; also, to borrow money and execute and deliver notes and mortgages to secure the same, and to acquire, purchase, hold and sell, and otherwise deal in real and personal property, including the shares of stock of this or other like corporations; and generally to do and perform any and all business and acts in which individuals may lawfully associate themselves to perform. The principal place of transacting the business of said corporation shall be Phoenix, county of Maricopa, Territory of Arizona, with a branch office in the city of Winona, county of Winona and state of Minnesota.
ARTICLE II.
This corporation shall commence on the first day of March, 1902, and shall continue for a period of twenty-five years.
ARTICLE III.
The amount of the capital stock of said corporation shall be $15,000.00, divided into 1,500 shares of the face value of $10.00 each, and shall be issued and paid for as ordered by the board of directors; said board of directors may issue preferred stock in said corporation, but only on such terms and under such conditions as may be prescribed by the by-laws; and the highest amount of indebtedness and liability to which said corporation shall at any time be subject, including preferred stock, issued and outstanding, shall not exceed the sum of $10,000.00.
ARTICLE IV.
The names and places of residence of the persons forming this corporation are as follows: Joseph Shackell, Ernest H. Smith, T. S. Estabrook, George T. Simpson, Paul E. Baumgartner, Henry J. Willis, O. T. Caswell, James K. Simpson and Will Hayes Laird, all of the city of Winona, Minnesota.
ARTICLE V.
The government of this corporation and the management of its affairs shall be vested in a board of five directors, who shall be stockholders; said directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders, which shall be held on the first Monday in March of each year, at such hour and place as may be prescribed by the by-laws, and such directors shall continue in office for one year, and until their successors shall have been elected and qualified. The meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors may be held without the Territory of Arizona and at the said city of Winona, Minnesota. The first board of directors shall consist of Joseph Shackell, T. S. Estabrook, James K. Simpson, Henry J. Willis and O. T. Caswell, who shall hold their office until the annual meeting of the stockholders in the year 1903, and until their successors are elected and qualified. The officers of said corporation shall be a president, a vice-president, a secretary and a treasurer, and they shall be annually elected by the directors at their first meeting after their own election. One person may be chosen to hold any two of the said offices at the same time, except the office of president and vice-president. Until their successors are elected and qualified, Joseph Shackell shall be president and treasurer, James K. Simpson shall be vice-president and treasurer, and T. S. Estabrook shall be secretary. Any vacancy in the board of directors may be filled by the board at any regular or special meeting. Special meetings of the board may be held at any time and place, and under such notice as may be prescribed by the by-laws. All elections must be by ballot, and every stockholder shall have the right to vote in person or by proxy, the number of shares standing in his name upon the books of the company, for as many persons as there are directors to be elected, or to cumulate said shares and give one candidate as many votes as the number of directors multiplied by the number of shares shall equal, or distribute them on the same principle, or among as many candidates as he shall see fit.
ARTICLE VI.
The private property of the incorporators and of the stockholders in said corporation is exempt from the payment of the corporate debts, and there shall be no individual liability to stockholders and directors for their acts as such.
ARTICLE VII.
The shares of stock of this corporation shall be forever non-assessable.
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our names this 19th day of February, 1902.
JOSEPH SHACKELL (seal)
ERNEST H. SMITH (seal)
T. S. ESTABROOK (seal)
GEORGE T. SIMPSON (seal)
PAUL E. BAUMGARTNER (seal)
HENRY J. WILLIS (seal)
O. T. CASWELL (seal)
JAMES K. SIMPSON (seal)
WILL HAYES LAIRD (seal)
State of Minnesota, county of Winona, ss.
Before me, Clara Schlosstein, a notary public in and for the county of Winona, state of Minnesota, on this day personally appeared Joseph Shackell, Ernest H. Smith, T. S. Estabrook, George T. Simpson, Henry J. Willis, O. T. Caswell, James K. Simpson, Will Hayes Laird and Paul E. Baumgartner, known to me to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged to me that they, and each of them, executed the same for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of office this 19th day of February, 1902.
My commission expires on the 6th day of November, 1903.
CLARA SCHLOSSTEIN,
Notary Public in and for Winona county, Minnesota.
Territory of Arizona, county of Maricopa, ss.
I, P. F. McFall, county recorder in and for the county and territory aforesaid, hereby certify that I have compared the foregoing copy with the original articles of incorporation of the Watosa Company, filed and recorded in my office on the 3rd day of March, 1902, in book No. 9 of Incorporations, at page 1, and that the same is a full, true and correct copy of such original and of the
Witness my hand and seal of office,
this 3rd day of March, 1902.
(Seal) P. F. McFALL,
County Recorder,
By A. S. Arthur, Deputy.
Filed and recorded in the office of the Secretary of the Territory of Arizona this third day of March, A. D. 1902, at 2 p.m.
ISAAC T. STODDARD,
Secretary of Arizona.
First publication March 7.
OFFICE OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY (of Arizona),
San Francisco, Cal., June 20, 1901. The annual meeting of the stockholders of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company (of Arizona) for the election of Directors for the ensuing year, and for the transaction of such other business as may be brought before the meeting, will be held at the office of the Company, in the City of San Francisco, State of California, on WEDNESDAY, the 10th day of July, 1901, at 10 o'clock a.m.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to WEDNESDAY, July 24th, 1901, at 10 o'clock a.m.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
July 10, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to WEDNESDAY, August 7th, 1901, at 10 o'clock a.m., at the same place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
July 24, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to WEDNESDAY, August 21st, 1901, at the same place and hour.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
August 7th, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to WEDNESDAY, September 4, 1901, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
August 21, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to WEDNESDAY, September 18th, 1901, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
September 4, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to WEDNESDAY, October 2nd, 1901, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
September 18th, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to WEDNESDAY, October 16th, 1901, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
October 2, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing adjourned meeting an adjournment was duly made to WEDNESDAY, October 30th, 1901, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT,
Secretary.
October 16, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to WEDNESDAY, November 13th, 1901, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
October 30, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to SATURDAY, November 30th, 1901, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
November 13, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to SATURDAY, December 14th, 1901, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
November 30, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to SATURDAY, December 28th, 1901, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
December 14, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to SATURDAY, January 11th, 1902, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
December 28, 1901.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to SATURDAY, January 25th, 1902, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
January 11, 1902.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to SATURDAY, February 8th, 1902, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
January 23, 1902.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to SATURDAY, March 1st, 1902, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
February 8, 1902.
Notice is hereby given, that at the foregoing meeting an adjournment was duly made to SATURDAY, March 15th, 1902, at the same hour and place.
J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
March 1, 1902.

PHOENIX BAKERY
AND
CONFECTIONERY
Is Your Bread
Light as a feather, flaky, sweet, palatable? Is it wholesome, nourishing, strengthening? Your bread will be all of these and more too, if you get it from the Phoenix Bakery and Confectionery.
Ed. Oisele
Proprietor
Established 1881 'Phone 891
AT
THE HOFFMAN
The bowling alley is cool, the Beer is fresh from cold storage and
ANHEUSER-BUSCH.
H. HINSCH & PERKINS
Proprietors
Imported and Domestic Wines.
Liquors and Cigars
Phoenix, Arizona
Money Saved by
A DISCOUNT OF
Twenty-Five Per Cent allowed on all
Cash Sales or Remittances
trees. I sell the trees fresh from the ground, which saves the expense of removing them to Phoenix, and deliver to you without being in the moist air for days. Twenty-five Palms of different varieties FREE with every dollar's worth of trees at the Nursery. Orders from $5.00 up delivered. FRANK WAGNER, Nurseryman
Fifield & Gallagher
GENERAL CONTRACTORS
AND SUPERINTENDENTS
Estimates furnished Rooms 11-12-13
Cell Building P. O. Box 573,
Phoenix, Arizona.
Joe Fifield
Geo. F. Gallagher
When in Need of Cash . . .
call on
Friedman, Pawnbroker
who can relieve you in distress.
He loans money on watches,
diamonds and other valuables.
Big Bargains in Unredeemed Pledges.
Arizona Loan Office
41 NORTH CENTER STREET,
Near Hotel Adams.
Gordon & Smithine
Brick
Manufacturers
Common Press and Stock
Brick
Both Third Street. Telephone 51
REPATIS
Repans Tablets
have helped my
stomach wonderfully and kept my
bowels regular.
At druggists.
The Five-Cent packet is enough for an ordinary occasion. The family bottle, 60 cents, contains a supply for a year.
Scott's Santal-Pepsin Capsules
A POSITIVE CURE
for Inflammation or Catarrh of the Bladder and Diseased Kidneys. No cure, no pay. Cures quickly and permanently all Unnatural Diseases of the URINARY ORGANS.
Positively No Injurious Effects to the Stomach as in other internal remedies. Sold by druggists.
Price $1.00, or by mail, postpaid, $1.25. 3 boxes, $2.75.
THE SANTAL-PEPSIN CO., Bellefonte, Pennsylvania.
GOODMAN'S PHARMACY, AGENTS.

Southern Pacific Co.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Commencing January 30, 1901, trains will leave Maricopa as follows:
3:00 A.M. DAILY NEW ORLEANS
express for Tucson, Benson, Deming, El Paso, San Antonio, Houston, New Orleans. Connecting at New Orleans for Cincinnati and Chicago; also for Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York and Boston.
1:00 P.M. DAILY MIXED TRAIN
for Gila Bend and way stations.
4:10 P.M. DAILY MIXED TRAIN
for Tucson and way stations.
9:10 P.M. DAILY PACIFIC EXPRESS
for Los Angeles, Fresno, Sacramento and San Francisco. Connecting at Sacramento and San Francisco for points in Oregon, Nevada and Utah.
T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Pass. Agt.