Republican

The
fe
The Only Paper Between Galveston, Texas, and Los Angeles, California, that Publishes the Full Dispatches of the Associated Press.
PHCENIX, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST
30 1891.
VOL. LII.
NO. 90.

ARIZONA

WIN M. IVINS

The Consul for the Chilean
Legation
States the Causes of
Recent Disruption.
He Says That Congress Violated
the Constitution and Ruined
the Navy.

(Associated Press Dispatches.)
New York, Aug. 29. Win. M. Ivins,
Consul for the Chilean Legation, today
made a lengthy statement as to the
causes of the leading up of the Chilean
revolution.
“Balmaceda,” he said, “was elected
five years ago by the Liberal party, and
he has had eight or nine distinct cabinet
in his endeavor to please the party
and insure harmony among the factions.
It was impossible, however, to satisfy
the different wings. There were a num
ber of men in the party who were deter
mined to rule or ruin Balmaceda.
He is an even-tempered, broad
minded man of great forbearance, and
he acquiesced in the demands of the
Liberal leaders as long as possible, when
it became evident that to further sub
mit to Congress to signal despotism
would be virtually to abrogate his of
fice, and serious trouble began. Con
gress refused to pass appropriation bills
and charged that the President had a
candidate to succeed him whom he was
trying to force from the country. To
settle this difficulty Balmaceda appoint
ed the gentleman in question to a cabi
net office, thus removing him from the
list of candidates. Then, notwithstanding
Congress had no power of impeach
ment, a majority passed a resolution
declaring the President's office vacant,
because of his failure to submit to Con
gressional dictation.
Then on January 7th came an open
rebellion. The opposition majority in
Congress declared themselves the Gov
ernment, went on board a man-of-war
with mutinous naval officers and scour
ed the coast for a place to land. With
the navy in a state of mutiny it be
came imperatively necessary to main
tain internal order at any price.

The majority in Congress having dis
rupted the Government the President
was left without one of the constitutional
branches of the Government. Because
those members of Congress had them
selves violated the constitution, de
bauched the navy and abandoned their
posts, it did not follow that the Presi
dent should abandon his. The obliga
tion on him was greater to remain and
protect the internal order and external
safety of the state.

Washington, Aug. 29. It is not be
lieved that Balmaceda has been com
pletely defeated. Most of the military
supplies of Balmaceda’s forces entered
the country through Valparaiso, and
Balmaceda’s small navy had lost its only
fortified port which may have a depress
ing effect upon the fortunes of his party.
As long as Balmaceda remains in pos
session of Santiago, the capital of Chile,
and until the Congressional party shall
have set up a de facto government, the
Department of State cannot have rela
tions with the Congressional party, and
must continue to recognize Balmaceda
as president.
A later cablegram was received from
Errazuriz regarding yesterday’s battle,
saying Balmaceda’s troops numbered
12,000 men. Three thousand prisoners
and all his artillery was taken. Tor
pedo boats and all others are in the
power of the Congressionalists. Val
paraiso was occupied without resist
ance. Balmaceda’s lieutenants sought
safety on foreign vessels. The Congres
sionalists’ losses are considerable.
At a late hour tonight the Congres
sional envoys in this city received a dis
patch from Errazuriz stating that in the
first day’s fighting the enemy lost 1500
men, and an equal number of prisoners
were captured. Two thousand rifles
were taken and a number of field pieces.
The Congressional loss was 600, and
among the killed were five officers. In
the battle of Placilla yesterday the de
feat of Balmaceda was complete. His
generals, Barbosa and Alcarrica were
killed and many other officers. The
whereabouts of Balmaceda is unknown.
Hell Lazcano, the Chilean Minister, de
nied himself to all newspaper reporters
today. It is not believed, however, he
received any dispatches from Chile.

Chicago, Aug. 29. Lieutenant Com
mander Todd, an executive officer of
the United States cruiser Charleston,
who was in the city today, received
news of Balmaceda’s defeat with some
incredulity. He said he found it hard
to believe that Balmaceda was over
thrown. He knew that when the
Charleston was in Chilean waters Balmaceda’s
forces outnumbered those of
the Congressional party two to one.
Then, too, the talk of the strength of
the insurgents’ navy is largely exagge
rated. At the same time Todd said the
people in Chile could be readily bought,
and no change in the relative strength
of the armies need cause great distress.

SOUTHERN PACIFIC’S GENEROSITY.
They Will Build Their Married Em
ployees New Homes at Bakersfield.
San Francisco, Aug. 29. The South
ern Pacific Company offered to give
each of its married employees in the
Tulare shops two lots in Bakersfield on
which to erect houses after the removal
of the railroad shops to that town.
This is done because of the fact that
the removal will entail a loss to many
mechanics who have been paying for
their homes on the installment plan, or
who own them and cannot sell to ad
vantage. Some of the smaller dwellings will be
removed to Bakersfield.

A HORRIBLE SCENE.
Three Women and Six Infants Found at
the Point of Starvation.
Montreal, Aug. 29. Dr. O’Connor
was called into a home kept by Mrs.
Gallaway last night to attend a dying
baby. He found three women in a des
titute condition. On the bed were six
infants, one of them dead, while four
others were dying. The women were
all unemployed servants who had been
betrayed and went to the house for
refuge. The woman of the house, who
was supposed to look after them, skipped
out and left the inmates in a destitute
condition. All were at the point of
starvation. The infants, with one ex
ception, will die.

[MARKETS, FIXED PARAGRAPHS, AND REMAINING ARTICLES CORRECTED AND FORMATTED AS ABOVE.]