sSSssriiSi!

wk."11 '--
"J'4$-""l
' i !
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN; THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 20, 1901,
2'

t
r

The Arizona Republican

O. W. VICKERS....
B. M. McCOWAN...,
HARVEY J. MESS...
J. W. SPEAK

..General Manager
..Managing Editor
..Business Manager
..Associate Editor

The Arizona Publishing Company

Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press in Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes in Ari
zona. Publication office: 30-38 East Adams
street. Telephone No. 471.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year $9.00
Weekly, one year 2.00
Cash in advance.
BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month $.75
TERRITORIAL OFFICIALS
(Governor, N. O. Murphy
Territorial Secretary C. H. Aker
Territorial Treasurer T. W. Pemberton
Territorial Auditor W. Vickers
Supt. of Public Instruction R. L. Long
Chief Justice Webster Street
Associate Justices
J. K. Sloan, George K. Davis, Fletcher M. Doan
Attorney General J. F. Ainsworth

UNION(Jy

'HSoRr

LABOR

Some days ago this paper took occa
sion to criticize the democratic munic
ipal government on
the account of its extrav-
MAYOR'S agant management of
VETO POWER. affairs. The Phoenix
Enterprise gets back
with the retort that a republican mayor
ought to be able to hold the extrav
agant or corrupt democratic majority
in check by an exercise of the veto
power.
We do not know whether the re
publican accompanying you. You will
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, JUNE 20, 1901.

As far as we know, no man in Phoenix has
ever advocated the deprivation of Tucson
of a single office. Within the last
six years the office of the United States
attorney has been brought from Tuc
son at the instigation of Hon. E. E.
Ellinwood of Flagstaff, the occupant of
the office, and not a resident of Phoe
nix. Mr. Ellinwood was not actuated
by patriotic or climatic sentiment in
favor of Phoenix. He merely believed
that the business of the territory could
be better transacted from the most
nearly central point. As to the ru
mored removal of the office of the purveyor general and the United States
marshal, we know nothing. We are
certain, though, that there is no con
certed movement here to deprive Tuc
son of either. We do want the
Guaymas train service. Let Tucson
keep the terminus. As The Republican
has already paid, all we want is the
Guaymas train.
The Star concludes its innuendo
against Phoenix as follows: "There is
no one thing so conducive to nervous
diseases as a hot humid climate."
We should imagine that unless Governor
Hughes' case is incurable, that he
ought to show symptoms of improve
ment after an absence of six years
from this valley.

The Phoenix
Building & Loan Association
WILL PAY
6 per Cent Interest
on time Deposits.
These certificates of deposit are se
cured by the entire resources of the
Association, valued at $150,000.
Every wage earner should carry a
few shares of stock in this Association.
It is safe. Can be withdrawn at any
time.
If you have money, If you want
money, see
R. H. BREENE
21 NORTH FIRST AVENUE.

Don't leave the city for mountain
or beach without having The Re-
publican. Be lonesome without it.

We witness now a totally different
situation. Mr. McKinley, in a way to
secure unbounded applause, puts an
end to all third term talk, and there is
not a leader left in the field who cherishes for any rival in his party a feeling which would provoke, or in any
sense excuse, indifference or secret op
position in the presence of the com
mon enemy. In view of this fact the
republican party owes it to the coun
try to make the strongest possible
nomination next time.

,,-.. , -,..-..,-..,.,..--,. -, .1 M " " ' ' ' '' '' "

LOS VESTIGES-ELIJES.

There is nothing too idiotic for how
people to believe. Look at the Dowie
idea. Lincoln Journal.
Yes. And look at the consumer who
still believes in a "protective tariff."
Omaha World-Herald.
Yes, again. And while you are look
ing take another look at the anti-imperialist who believes that "the empire is
here." Des Moines Capital.
Once more. Look at the poor demo
crat who is looking for an issue for the
next campaign.

a thing as a Veto power. There
is none in Phoenix, and we would, fur-

A Pennsylvania man, blind from
birth, had his sight restored and im-
mediately declared to the nurse that
he was the most beautiful woman he
saw. Such opportunities to com
pare truth and history are rare.

Mr. Rockefeller's physician says he
will live long because he does not
worry. Mr. Rockefeller can assuredly

TEI"

I

V

i mm

.N. K. Conker
Fourth and
Hill. Street.

Entrance, 380 S. Hill.
Furnished new throughout; new management; free
baths; hot and cold water; electric light; easy to all
places of interest. Rooms $1.50 to $3.00 per week.

Mrs. T. E. HARTMAN, Prop.

Pile, the mayor of Phoenix is a mayor only
in name, but is really only a councilman at large with no power greater
than that of any ward councilman.
The present mayor is a republican, a
good business man and an honest man.
He was elected by a flattering majority
even in the wards which, with a cur
ious inconsistency, elected democratic
councilmen.
The native of Heaven or Texas
is not inexcusable in his assumption
that a mayor has a veto. He has
everywhere else on earth except in
Phoenix, and he will have here when
we get the new charter.

man who has something laid by for a
rainy day.

Something upon which the republi
can party may very well congratulate
itself is the absence of
THE all bitterness among
REPUBLICAN its strong men toward
LEADERS. one another. There is
not a personal row of
anything like serious proportions on

Minister Wu is to deliver a Fourth
of July address at Philadelphia. Chi
nese oratory is much more welcome as
an Independence day feature than
Chinese fireworks.
Spain has started on the career of
the borrower. Within the decade Cuba
may have attained sufficient prosperity
to make some advances at good rates
of interest.

If we were not afraid of being ac
cused of sacrilege we would state that
to judge some men by their actions
would condemn their architect as a crazy crank.

By raising the tax on American bi
cycles the Russian government demon
strates anew its indifference to the
comfort and safety of the masses.

the horizon. There is some very spirited
rivalry for supreme leadership, but
that is always to be welcomed by any
party. It keeps the pool stirred, and
insures political health. But there is
not one of the aspirants for the repub
lican nomination for president in 1904
who would not in case of success at the national convention receive the
most cordial support at the polls of all
his defeated rivals. The brethren are
dwelling together in a fair degree of
unity and good will, and while from
now on they will bestir themselves to
win the prize, there seems no probab
ility of a clash which would operate
disastrously on the party.
This is a circumstance of note when
it is remembered how that party has
suffered in the past thirty years from
personal antagonisms. The Blaine-
Conkling episode alone cost it very
dearly. A good deal of momentous his
tory grew out of that, the nomination
of Mr. Hayes in 1876, the nomination of
General Garfield in 1880, and the de
feat of Mr. Blaine for the presidency
in 1884. Both Mr. Hayes and General
Garfield were compromise candidates.
The former secured office by so nar
row a margin that he was practically
debarred from asking an indorsement
at the polls, while there resulted from
the latter's election such a tragedy and
such complications that the party,
even under the leadership of its
strongest man, went to defeat four
years later. A single speech from Mr.
Conkling would have saved the day for
Mr. Blaine, but the one was as far
from asking it as the other was from
volunteering it.

It was all a very dear price to pay
for the personal feelings of two strong
and able men. Not only the republi
can party but the country suffered. For

his territory, and incidentally his own
reappointment.

Hotel Brunswick
First-class "Family Hotel, choice locality; newly refitted.

Large sunny rooms; terms reasonable. Special
prices by the week. W. P. Mansfield, Prop.

Los Angeles

BOTH BAUMG ROOMS
EUROPEAN PLAN
Elegant suites with private baths.
Up-to-date, in every particular.
HAMILTON JOHNSON, Prop.
Northeast Corner Sixth and Olive St.
LOS ANGELES, CAL.

Large
Rooms
Hot and

Cold Baths

THE YORKE

Corner Main and Second streets, Los Angeles, California.

The best appointed Hotel at reasonable prices.
The best location in the city from the door. Entrance on Main
Street. Direct to Second Street.

The best appointed Hotel at reasonable rates in Los An
geles, California. Located on Main Street, directly opposite the U. S. Postoffice.
Every modern convenience; new and electric; superior accommodations for guests.
American plan $2.00 per day and up. European

rates to families or permanent guests. Take

hotel SAVOY:

Trunks, Bags, Suit Cases.
Send for new Catalogue

D. D. WHITNEY & SONS.

Second and Third Floors.

Phone Peter 1711.

THE OAKS

343-348 S. Spring Street.
108 & Broadway. Over Broadway Dept. Store.

Newly Furnished rooms.
$2.00 a day. Special rates by week or month.

Newly Furnished Rooms,
$1.00 a day. Special rates by week or month.

M. GUYAS, Manager.

1005 S. Broadway. Pleasant rooms, single or
No. Mine, $2.00 desirable

TUCSON ARIZONA HOUSE South Broadway. CENTRAL LOCATION. Rooms
Priced Within Reason. HOTELS for transients and permanent guests.
J. C. WILKINSON Proprietor.

PAN - PACIFIC HOTEL Second and Hill St. Select Family Hotel.
One Block from Depot. Rates reasonable. Thos. Lascon, Proprietor.

TUC MARQUAND 6 Rooms Broadway. MRS. A. J. CARLE, Proprietor. Suites and
Rooms with private baths. Public and private dining rooms. Rates reasonable.

THE PARK HOTEL Modern and best-class; free baths; convenient to rail-
road and near restaurants. Good rooms. 200 North Spring street.

Third and Main Streets. Centrally located.
Private baths; rates reasonable.

Hotel Gray

GOLDEN GATE, 110 South Broadway. New house, new furniture; New host; hot baths a
specialty. Hot baths free.

European plan; private
M QUAY, Proprietor.

New house, new furniture. Modern and first-class.

WITH PURE MOUNTAIN WATER AT

AVALON

SANTA CATALINA ISLAND

Under conditions prevailing last year. Dozens of swift power launches
for fishing and excursions. Tuna Club tournament now on. Our Marine
Band, including Chas. Streeper of St. Louis, former tenor, and other soloists of
national reputation. The best golf links. The aquarium, containing hun
dreds of living wonders of the deep. Boating and bathing over Nature's most
wonderful marine gardens as seen at great depth through smooth, trans
parent waters. Catalina offers attractions not possible at other resorts.
Daily steamer service. Hotel Metropole always open. Take Southern Pa
cific or Salt Lake Route trains leaving Los Angeles daily at 9:05 and 8:30
a. m. respectively. Fare, round trip from Los Angeles excursion, $2.50; reg.
ular, $2.75. Banning Co., 222 S. Spring St., Los Angeles. Phone Main 36.

v. v

Rooms 321-322
Stowell Block,

Hotel Rosslyn
European plan; first-class rates to all.
Easy access to electric cars or omnibus at depot, direct to Rosslyn Hotel
Ross & Wetter Props,

THE COLONNADE

J. F. E. HENTZ, - Proprietor.
.130 S. HILL ST. (Between 3rd and 4th)

A FAVORITE PLACE FOR ARIZONIANS.
One block from shopping center. Under new management; thoroughly renovated, well conducted,
elect family and Transient Hotel at moderate prices. Warm large, Cool and finely
furnished. Excellent popular prices. Office connected.

Teddy seems to be more interested in
a first term than in a third.

I,

Iot3 Los Angeles

THE CALIFORNIA HOSPITAL
414 SOUTH HOPE STREET,
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
An elegant hotel for the sick.
Heated by Steam. Lighted by both
Electricity and Gas. A Resident Physi
cian, and a Corps of forty Trained
Nurses. Three well equipped operating
rooms. Five delightful verandas. A
Roof Garden: forty feet wide by sixty
feet long. Reached by all street car
lines, directly or by transfer.

HOTEL RAMONA

LOS ANGELES, CAL., cor. Spring and Third Sts.

Rooms long; lowest summer rates.
Most Central Location.

F. B. MALLORY, Prop

THE BEACON

220 Elsinore Street, Los Angeles, Cal. A delightful lighted hotel in the
finest residence portion of the city, near Lake Park. Large, cool porches, rooms handsomely
newly furnished, strictly first class. Rates reasonable. MRS. S. L. BOWER, Prop

RUPTURE

Can be permanently cured by DR. FRANKLIN
& CO. Our cure is a recent discovery by Dr.
Franklin, and is a permanent, painless, safe and
quick method. No knife, no injections and no de
tention from business. Treatment by mail. Cor
respondence solicited.
DR. FRANKLIN & CO.,
Los Angeles, Cal.
280½ So. Spring
Street,

Look at the lines on
your hand. They'll
mean much to you.

THE HAND OF DESTINY

Mrs. J. H. Fitch, of the Park ... successfully the hands of America a ladling
citizen, and her loyalty, will translate those lines,
with a clear impression of the hand-made
work with printer's ink, which will enable her to make the correct readings.
A personal call would insure. Prices moderate; healthy references.

W. H. BURNHAM, Case,
Second and Broadway, LOS ANGELES, CAL.

WHILE IN THE CITY

Call and see one of these late style picture-
engraving studios.

You should not fail to visit as an artist and
studio of artistic engraving portrait-made only
and first introduced by this Studio.
Worldwide reputation for high grade
work. Special awards from Exposition,
world's fair, and first prize and
gold medal at Midwinter Fair, San
Francisco, 1894.

STUDIO W. N. Sprlng St., Los Angeles

DON'T FORGET !

Chops, etc., call on the best known Cafe on the Pacific Coast.

While on your visit to
Los Angeles call for the best
Fish, Oysters, Steaks,
and the best
Lunches, the best
111 W. Third St.

HOTEL GENADEAU

THE SOLID
First and Spring Streets,
: : LOS ANGELES. :

Aldott & Thompson, Props,

RELIABLE AND EXPERIENCED DRUGGISTS.

Perfumes, Russian Ointments. Mail orders a specialty.

231 So. Broadway, opposite City Hall.

Manufacturers of Ladies' California

DOLF FRESH
OPTICIAN AND PRACTICAL OPTICIAN.

Visual tests and accurate work guaranteed. Eyes examined free.
Glasses fitted at moderate prices. Office and store, 417½ South Broadway.

ACME FEATHER WORKS

prices.

613 So. Main.

Free bus from all trains to Hotel

renovated throughout. All cars to Hotel. Rooms
Prices to $3.00 per day: special rates by week. 313 N.
Main St. EICHENHOFER, Prop.

New management; thoroughly renovated. All
modern conveniences; free baths to all. Rooms
$1.00 to $3.00 per day; special rates by week or month.

HENRY ALBERS. 316 South Main Street.

Bellevue Terrace Hotel Cor. I and 2d
Best appointed family hotel; $30 per month up. Telephone Main 448.

THE SUNNYSIDE
310 N. BROADWAY.
Fine location; housekeeping privileges; strictly modern, parlor, piano,
etc.

Businessmen who have impaired their diges-
tion by hasty eating will find in
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
a cure for dyspepsia and other diseases
of the stomach and organs of digestion
and nutrition. It does not give mere
temporary relief, but it effects a radical
cure. It strengthens the stomach, nour
ishes the nerves and purifies the blood.
"For six long years I suffered with my liver,
kidney, and with indigestion, which baffled
the best doctors in our country," writes R. L.
Harvill, Esq., of Woolwar, Prince William Co.,
Va. "I suffered with my stomach and back for
some time, and after taking a 'cart-load' of
medicine from three doctors, I grew so bad I
could hardly do a day's work. I had
death-like pains in the side, and blind spells, life
and thought life was hardly worth living. I
began taking Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis
covery and 'Pleasant Pellets' and before I had
taken half the second bottle I began to feel real
relieved. I got better and am happy to say I
owe my life to Dr. Pierce and his medicines."
Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure biliousness.
I la

ence in the White House for four or
eight years of no capable, no experi
enced and so aggressive a leader as
Mr. Blaine? He was well beloved at
home and much respected abroad, and
an administration dominated by him
would undoubtedly have accomplished
much for the country's welfare.
American breweries find their trade
greatly increased by the demands from
the Philippines and Porto Rico. It will
only be a matter of time before brew
ing interests are locally established.
When larger capital is estab
lished it may be necessary to nurse
along the school houses, churches and
manufacturing establishments, but
somehow the brewery always seems to
take care of itself.

MOODY
Broadway Millinery and
Hairdressing Parlors
480 South Broadway...
SWITCHES, WIGS, FRONTPIECES,
BANGS, ETC., MADE TO ORDER
AND IN STOCK.
We positively give the best shampoo
in the city.
Hairdressing, Shampooing, Manicuring
and Scalp Massage.
The new Clay Pack; also Singeing by
English process
POPULAR PRICES
ALL WORK GUARANTEED.

A respectable and quiet rooming house;
close to restaurants and business cen
ter; light housekeeping privileges.
Rooms from $1.00 per week up. 215
Boyd St., just off Los Angeles St., between Third and Fourth.

Hotel Los Angeles

Boyd St., just off Los Angeles St., between
Hotel Johnson,

WANTED — Centipedes and Horned Toads, 5c. S. MEHERSY, Jr., Taxidermist.
Westminster Hotel, Los Angeles, Cal.

HOT WEATHER LINEN SUITS, rubbber coats.
WINDSOR COLLAR CO., 123½ Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.

ACCORDION PLEATING; afternoon Pleating; Private and public baths;
European plan, hot water at all times; strictly modern throughout. 95 East Fourth Street,
one door east of Hotel Westminster.

J. MILTON FLECK

THE WISCONSIN
214½ West SIXTEENTH ST.
Select family lodging house, with
complete housekeeping arrangements;
excellent beds; baths; private board.
Reasonable rates. Choice of car lines.

Preparatory School.
During Summer months in Pasadena California climate unequaled. Courses in Languages, English, Art and Music. Address:
"Classical School For Girls,"
154 S. Euclid Ave., Pasadena, Cal.

CLEAR

YOUR FACE -
Investigate my marvelous method for
the painless removal of deep wrinkles,
(smallpox pitting), moles and all forms
of facial blemishes, leaving no trace of
their former existence; filling out sunk
in cheeks and restoring the youthful
contour of the whole face. These re
sults are obtained in one week. M.
ELLA HARRIS, dermatologist and
chemist, 315 South Broadway, Los An
geles, California. Recommendations of
some of our most eminent physicians.
All letters cheerfully and confidentially
answered.

Manufacturers and Dealers of

TENTS, AWNINGS, CANVAS,
CAMP FURNITURE, ETC.
Reliable Designs; Guaranteed
401 S. Main Street. Los Angeles, Cal.

SAN DIEGO.

HOTEL BREWSTER Corner Fourth and C Sts., San Diego.
Rooms $1.00 up. The most elegantly furnished and equipped hotel in Southern California.
per Day up. Elevator, public and private baths rooms. Fine large sample
rooms. Steam heat and Grill. First-class dining. Every modern convenience.
Care and Grill. R. A. SAWYER, Prop.

Best location in San Diego. Rooms $1.00 to $3.00; suites and cottages. The table ourl
speclalty. Write for circular and terms.

The Albatross Inn.

THE RICHELIEU

First class Furnished Rooms. Rates Reasonable!
Transient Patronage Solicited. Centrally Located!
Rooms Cool and Pleasant. J. H. Simpson, Mgr.

1055 FIFTH ST., BETWEEN "C" AND "D"

UNION HOUSE ;

European plan. Rooms 50c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.50 and up. Special
rates by week or month for summer. Free bus to and from
our Hotel. Large well lighted reading room and parlor
New Management. D. T. BARLOW, Prop.

THE RIVERSIDE for Eighth and B; a beautiful place. Stone and
brick; bay windows on three sides, sliding doors, running water and thoroughly modern
fixtures, suites, sliding doors, running water, and thoroughly modern in all rooms.

S. BENIOFF,

The Very Latest and Most Stylish . . .

the Ladies' Tailor and Habit Maker,
Is now located at 304 West Fourth Street, between Spring and Broadway.
Everything Strictly First-Class.

To be seen at MISS A. CLARKE'S
MILLINERY, Maison Nouvelle.

222 West 3rd Street.
Between Spring and Broadway,

LOS ANGELES, CAL.

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.

211 S. Main Street, Los Angeles, Cal.,

Developing
and Printing.

See the place before you go to Los Angeles. Rates 50c to $1.00; reduction by the week
Put on a train at Oceanside. O. E. COOK and WILSON, Props.

THE BURNAP Cor. Third and Figueroa. Centrally Located. Strictly Modern.
Hotel first class. RATES REASONABLE

DEL MAR INN Cor. Sixth and F St. Large, pleasant rooms. Special Summer rates.
Rooms $1.00 up. Good table; convenient—one block from Florence.

SEASIDE, CORONADO.

THE WITHEROW

512 OCEAN AVE. One of the best houses in town.

Furnished Rooms with housekeeping privileges

LONG BEACH.

Glen Holly Hotel
Chicken dinner our specialty.

Attractive Hollywood. Any trip a popular drive, short rides and adjacent adates
lantern drives daily from 10 a. m. to 8 p.m. to canyons, valleys.

Long Beach

THE COTTAGE 22 Pine St. Newly furnished,
quiet; special rates to families.

Furnished Rooms clean and neat. Box 12, Long Beach.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Corrected text: