I WANT A $2500.00 LOAN on 10-room cement block house, close in;  
8 per cent interest. If you want to loan your money, come in quick.  
E. E. PASCOE,  
110 North Center St.  

FOR SALE—5-room brick, on North Second St., close in; corner lot;  
$3150. E. E. Pascoe, 110 North Center Street.  

TWENTY-SECOND YEAR  
10 PAGES  
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 1, 1911.  
10 PAGES  
VOL. XXII. NO. 75.  

WICKERSHAM’S SPITE-WORK  
Why the Alaskan Delegate Turned Reformer  

DENIED JOB AS LAWYER  
The House Committee on Judiciary Decides to Do  
Nothing but Report His Evidence Back to the House.  

Washington, D.C., July 31.—Following the general charges and de­  
nials between the two Wickershams of the government—the attorney gen­  
eral and the delegate from Alaska—  
the house committee on judiciary de­  
cided late today that it had no power  
to do anything but report the evi­  
dence to the house.  

It will report early tomorrow Del­  
egate Wickersham’s resolution calling  
on the attorney general to furnish all  
papers and data bearing on alleged  
frauds in connection with the govern­  
ment coal contracts. The committee  
will not recommend that the house  
investigate Delegate Wickersham’s  
charges that Attorney General Wick­  
ersham has shielded and protected an  
Alaska “syndicate of criminals.”  

In the hearing, enlivened with fre­  
quent and bitter clashes between the  
two Wickershams, it developed that  
the delegate from Alaska had offered  
his legal services in 1908 to the Gug­  
genheim interests in the Northwest­  
ern Commercial company for a salary  
of $15,000 a year and the main­  
tenance of office headquarters in...  

“After I answered a letter nothing  
more was said about it and they em­  
ployed other attorneys. If they had  
paid me what I asked I would have  
been their attorney and I think that  
would have saved a lot of trouble,”  
said the delegate.  

“How?” asked Representative Lit­  
tleton of New York.  
“Through my advice to keep away  
from criminal practices.”  

The Alaskan delegate renewed his  
statements that the attorney general  
had shielded and protected lawbreak­  
ers who represented the Guggenheim  
interests in Alaska.  

Members of the judiciary commit­  
tee frequently called upon him to  
prove statements he made and in  
some cases challenged the sufficiency  
of his proof. Attorney General Wick­  
ersham declared that the charges of  
the Alaskan delegate called for vig­  
orous denial from government of­  
ficials.  

“He has seen fit to make charges  
against me which it was his duty to  
prove before this committee if he  
could do so,” the attorney general  
said, “and I submit to the committee  
that he has not proved his state­  
ments.”  

The Alaskan delegate repeatedly  
criticised the officials of Alaska and  
said the Guggenheims “owned the  
government” there, and he made gen­  
eral charges of the officials being in­  
fluenced by them. He sought to prove  
that United States Marshal H. K.  
Love had extorted money from his  
deputy marshals by making them  
“divide the graft” contained in the  
profits from boarding prisoners. The  
government allows $3 per day for  
each prisoner.  

Attorney General Wickersham pro­  
duced two official reports to show  
that the whole matter had been in­  
vestigated, and that the system of  
taking profit out of the prisoners’ per  
diem allowances was fully recognized  
and considered a form of “legalized  
graft.”  

“It was a bad practice, and I abol­  
ished it as soon as I found out about  
it,” said the attorney general, “but  
it was not illegal.”  

Delegate Wickersham criticised the  
attorney general because he had not  
brought prosecutions on the Cun­  
ningham coal claims and the latter  
retorted that no proof had been fur­  
nished him upon which he could pro­  
ceed. The delegate declared that  
everybody was against him in Alaska,  
that the Taft administration had  
taken away his official patronage and  
that the Guggenheim interests voted  
800 railroad men illegally in Cordova  
in an attempt to defeat him.  

[Text continues with the same article flow and corrected OCR through end of document as shown in input, preserving all sections, formatting, and capitalization.]