PAGE TWO

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, MONDAY MORNING, JULY 27, 1914.

WORLD of SPORT

HALF YEAR'S LEAGUE

Open Sheets Furnish Plenty of Big Fodder on the Reason for Respective Standing of Teams in Big National and American Leagues.
ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH
NEW YORK, July 26. Interesting insight relative to the work of the major league baseball clubs is furnished by the figures compiled for the first half of the present pennant season. The data, while not official, is collected from the daily box scores and for the purpose of comparison is sufficient to show the strength and weakness of the sixteen clubs composing the National and American league circuits. Eliminating the games won and lost, as shown in the daily standing of the leagues, the total number of runs, hits, errors and left on bases are indicated for the first three months of the season and the resultant averages give a clear idea of the reason of the respective standing of the teams.
In the National league the New York Giants have scored 330 runs in 78 games, the average of hits being a trifle under two per run, while the error column shows a percentage of about 1 3-4 per game. With the exception of Cincinnati, the Giants have had fewer players left on base than any other club in the senior association. The Chicago club, playing eight more games than New York, has scored but one more run, eight hits less and made fifty more errors, in addition to having almost 100 more players left stranded on the bases. The St. Louis Cardinals' figures indicate that while winning close to . rn per cent of their games they failed to score within fifty runs of the leaders, although credited with an equal number of hits. Next to Pittsburg and Boston the club is charged with the least errors in the league ranks, while but two other teams have fewer runners left. Cincinnati scored runs at the rate of one for every 1.33 hits in addition to averaging but 1.92 errors per game. In men left on bases the club has the best record in the league, the figures being 428 in 78 games.
In the second division Philadelphia

National League
Standings
Club W. L. Pet.
New York 51 32 .614
Chicago 51 37 .580
St. Louis 49 41 .544
Boston 40 45 .471
Cincinnati 40 48 .455
Philadelphia 38 46 .452
Pittsburg 37 47 .440
Brooklyn 36 46 .439

American League

Standings
Club W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 55 32 .632
Boston 50 40 .556
Washington 47 41 .534
Detroit 47 44 .516
St. Louis 45 43 .511
Chicago 46 44 .511
New York 36 51 .414
Cleveland 29 60 .326

Broke Even
ST. LOUIS, July 26. St. Louis and Washington broke even, the visitors taking the first and the home club the second.

Score R. H. E.
Washington 2 8 1
St. Louis 0 1 1
Batteries Engle, Ayres and Henry; Weilman and Agnew.

Second Game R. H. E.
Washington 1 4 0
St. Louis 4 7 1
Batteries Johnson and Ainsmith; James and Agnew.

White Sox and Yanks Split
CHICAGO, July 26. Chicago and New York broke even in a doubleheader. New York shutting out the locals first and losing the other in a batting bee.

Score R. H. E.
New York 1 5 0
Chicago 0 4 0
Batteries Cole and Sweeney; Walsh and Schalk.

Second Game R. H. E.
New York 3 9 3
Chicago 7 11 1
Batteries Brown, McHale, Pieh, Fischer and Nunamaker; Faber, Cicotte and Schalk.

Red Sox Win
CLEVELAND, July 26. Boston won the tenth straight game from Cleveland today, Cleveland slightly outbatted Boston but the latter were able to bunch hits.

Score R. H. E.
Boston . . . 4 8 2
Cleveland . 1 9 0
Batteries Shore and Cady; Morton and O'Neill.

Champ Chews Tigers
DETROIT, July 26.--Detroit's errors

BaseballGoods
PINNET & ROBINSON
17 South Center

FACTS IN FIRST

scored 312 runs and 612 hits in 70 games, made 161 errors and had 470 players stranded. Brooklyn in an equal number of games made 625 hits, 284 runs, 273 errors and 462 players got on the paths to be left there. The Pittsburg record for 73 games is 237 runs, 558 hits, 104 errors and 491 base runners left, while Boston in an equal number of contests made 263 runs, 591 hits, 106 errors and had 503 players left between first base and the home plate.
The American league figures, which include tie games in the same manner as in the National organization records, furnished some surprising information. The world's champion Philadelphia Athletics, while leading the league in number of runs and hits, have had more base runners left on the bags than any other club in the circuit except the Detroit Tigers. Three other clubs have made fewer errors, but none can equal the record of runs and hits totalled by Connie Mack's men at the midway mark of the season.
In 82 games the Athletics scored 362 runs, 696 hits, 129 errors, and had 539 players left on base. Detroit in one game less fell 71 hits and 46 runs short of the Philadelphia record, while making 11 more errors and leaving 11 more men on base. Washington's figures for 78 games were 289 runs, 607 hits, 120 errors and 484 runners stranded. The Chicago White Sox, playing one game less, scored 577 hits, 249 runs, 149 errors and 472 Chicago players reached first and were left on the paths.
The St. Louis Browns, while charged with more errors than any other club in the league had the fewest players left, their record being 265 runs, 608 hits, 157 errors and 428 left on bases in 82 games. The Boston club led the league in clean playing, but 110 errors being charged against Manager Carrigan's men in 81 games. The Red Sox made 595 hits, 263 runs and had 478 runners marooned. The New York Yankees, second in fielding and players left on bases, showed extreme weakness with the bat, being last in number of hits and runs. The record of the New York club under Chance was 226 runs, 496 hits, 118 errors and 465 left on base. Cleveland had 608 hits, 274 runs, 138 errors and 486 left on base, and the heavy hitting of Philadelphia allowed the champions to win their eleventh straight, the contest was decided in the tenth when Parry beat out an infield hit.

Score R. H. E.
Philadelphia 8 14 2
Detroit 7 7 4
Batteries Shawkey, J. Bush and Schang; Covaleskie, Dauss and Stange.

Federal League
Standing
Club Won. Lost.
Chicago 51 37
Baltimore 47 38
Brooklyn 44 37
Indianapolis 46 39
Buffalo 41 42
Kansas City 40 50
Pittsburg 36 47
St. Louis 37 52
Pet.
.580
.553
.543
.541
.494
.444
.434
.416

Casey's Win
INDIANAPOLIS, July 26. Hits and errors in the sixth and eighth innings gave Kansas City enough runs to win. The game was called at the end of the eighth inning by agreement.

Score R. H. E.
Kansas City 9 13 5
Indianapolis 5 11 5
Batteries Packard, Steen and Easterly; Mullen, Moseley and Tester.

Coast League
Standings
Club W. L. Pet.
Venice 62 52 .544
Los Angeles 62 53 .539
Portland 55 49 .533
San Francisco 61 57 .517
Sacramento 53 60 .469
Oakland 44 69 .389

At Sacramento R. H. E.
Los Angeles 6 4 1
Sacramento 6 10 0
Batteries Ehmke and Boles; Williams and Hannah.

Second Game R. H. E.
Los Angeles 7 10 1
Sacramento 1 4 1
Batteries Musser and Meek; Stroud and Hannah.

At San Francisco R. H. E.
Portland 7 15 3
San Francisco 3 5 1
Batteries Krause and Fisher; Baum and Schmidt.

Second Game R. H. E.
Portland 1 5 3
San Francisco 6 12 1
Batteries Pape and Yantz; Pernoll and Schmidt.

At Los Angeles R. H. E.
Oakland 0 3 0
Venice 5 9 1
Batteries Pruitt and Alexander; Decannier and Hogan, Bliss.

Second Game R. H. E.
Oakland 1 10 5
Venice 3 11 2
Batteries Klawitter and Mitze; Koestner, White and Elliott. (Thirteen innings.)

EUROPE WANTS TO SEE
BIG LEAGUE TEAMS AGAIN

Report of Trips Lead Many Cities to Make Requests for Visit
ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH
NEW YORK, July 26. Reports that two big league baseball clubs will tour Ireland and parts of continental Europe again next winter have led to several requests that the teams visit England during the trip. This is accepted as bearing out the statements that baseball is really gaining a following in the British Isles. Writing on the subject a well known American athlete now abroad states there is evidence that cricket is losing some of its popularity among English sports devotees. His comments follow:
"The White Sox and the Giants made more of an impression in England than one would suspect from reading the newspaper accounts of the game in the English papers. I have found out that the English appreciated the speed of our game as compared to cricket; that they marvelled at the accurate throwing and catching and liked the idea of the game being completed in one afternoon instead of three days as cricket does. I am told that cricket is losing its hold on the people, that baseball clubs have already been formed and that many have given up cricket for tennis. The opportunities for playing both baseball and tennis are far greater here than in the larger cities of the eastern states.
"For instance, London, which sets the athletic fashion for England is infinitely superior to New York as a training ground for athletes, principally because of the hundreds of parks, called squares, where there are tennis courts and a large space in which to exercise or play baseball. Any one who lives in the houses surrounding these parks is entitled to the use of the courts and exercise grounds, and there are so many of these parks that almost everyone has an opportunity to get good healthy exercise, especially in the summer time, when the light lasts until nine o'clock in the evening.

COACH QUITS
European Team Coaches do not Find Berths Congenial
ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH
NEW YORK, July 26. According to American athletes competing in various European track meets the American trainers, who accepted positions to coach foreign Olympic teams, are not finding the berths as congenial as they expected.
Ernie Hjertberg recently resigned as athletic supervisor to the Swedish teams. It is alleged that Hjertberg decided to resign because of the lack of discipline among the Swedish clubs and athletes. Strong influence has been brought to bear by sport leaders to persuade Hjertberg to withdraw his resignation, now lodged with the Swedish Olympic committee. But this will not succeed, it is believed unless the refractory athletes agree to follow orders.

o
Kangaroo Yacht
Australians May Enter Fast Boat for Olympic Regatta
ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH
NEW YORK, July 26. It is reported that an Australian-owned yacht, manned by an Australian amateur crew, will take part in the Olympic regatta and other European yachting features in 1916. Walter Marks of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron and Royal Prince Alfred Yacht Club, who is the moving spirit of Australian yachting, is greatly interested in the project and will undoubtedly be prominent in the building and manning of the yacht.

WILLIE HOPPE TRAINING
Will Meet British Champion Inman Shortly
ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH
NEW YORK, July 26 William Hoppe, the world's champion balkline billiard player, has started practice for his match at English billiards to be played against Melbourne Inman, the English title holder. Inman arrived in this country last week and will in all probability proceed to Montreal where he will prepare for the matches which are to include both the English and balkline games.

o
CARPENTIER BEATS JACKSON
ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH
BORDEAUX, July 26. Georges Carpentier, French heavyweight champion, won the decision over Kid Jackson in the fourth round. Jackson was disqualified for fouling.
o

WHERE THEY PLAY TODAY

National League
Chicago at Boston
Cincinnati at Brooklyn
Pittsburg at New York
St. Louis at Philadelphia

American League
New York at Chicago
Washington at St. Louis
Philadelphia at Detroit
Boston at Cleveland

Federal League
Kansas City at Pittsburg
Indianapolis at Baltimore
St. Louis at Brooklyn
Chicago at Buffalo

Coast League
No games scheduled.

MOOSE MULLIGAN IS
PLANNED FOR AUGUST 5
Members Going After Birds and Big Feed Is Promised
A really, truly Mulligan. The kind that is famous in the southwest. More than that: a Mulligan that will be long remembered as the Mulliganist Mulligan ever held anywhere on earth. That's what the Phoenix members of the Loyal Order of Moose are planning for Wednesday evening, August 5. This notice is given far in advance so that Moose, their ladies and their gentleman friends will refrain for the next ten days from eating birds and be just about as bird hungry on August 5 as it is possible for a human to be and exist.
First of all there is going to be a Moose hunt on Thursday afternoon of this week. No, Geraldine, not a hunt for Moose, but a hunt of Moose for birds. One thousand perfectly good, high power shells have been secured and two Moose gun clubs organized for that occasion. A. J. Bloom heads one of the clubs, and Jack McMorris is the captain of the other. They have agreed to enlist from fifteen to twenty members each in the big hunt and when the various squads report on Thursday night it is certain there will be enough birds ready for cold storage to satisfy a thousand hungry Moose and as many more hungry Moosesses.
H. A. Davis is chairman of the committee on the Mulligan and he has associated with him in the work of arranging the affair, Messrs. Hyder, Carson, Bloom, Zimmerman, Guenther and Laney. There is going to be lots of other things besides birds, but there will be birds too. The committee says it will be the greatest feast of its kind ever held under the auspices of any fraternal order in Phoenix. There will be other announcements later.

PHOENICIAN IN FIRE
AT SOUTH PASADENA
Bishop Sanitarium Burned; Place Well Known to Arizonians
Word was received in Phoenix yesterday of the complete destruction by fire on Saturday afternoon of the great sanitarium at South Pasadena, Cal., known as 'Dr. Bishop's Sanitarium,' which is quite well known to Arizonians.
Details of the cause of the fire are lacking but it is known that everyone in the building escaped with all their belongings and that most of the things of value owned by the company were saved also. The first word received here came to Parker L. Woodman, from Mrs. Woodman, who was staying in the resort. She reported herself well and everything saved. Later dispatches confirmed the statement that all had escaped without danger.

NAME FINANCIAL EXPERT
ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH
WASHINGTON, July 26. The appointment of an American financial expert for the Dominican republic, and the improvement of conditions there is expected to remove the most threatening features of the situation which is promising to force armed intervention by the United States. Herbert M. Johnson of Indianapolis has been designated by the United States, and accepted by the Dominican republic. With proper management the officials believe the country will be able to meet all of its obligations.

COOPER LOOKS GOOD
FOR THE BIG SHOW
Right Fielder Cooper of the Scranton team in the New York State league is the man for whom Frank Chance offered $8,000 to Baltimore in mid-season of 1913. Before the deal could be closed he hurt his leg and this resulted in his being passed up and sent to Scranton. The injury has not bothered him this season and he is batting .300. He is easily the fastest runner and one of the best hit and run men ever seen in the State league.

IN THE TOILS
Alleged Passer of Worthless Checks Is Located in Utah by Detective M. Joe Murphy After a Lengthy Search for Wanted Man.
After a relentless search of 120 days, during which the man sought passed from town to town and from state to state, M. Joe Murphy, proprietor of Murphy's Private Detective and Information Bureau of this city, yesterday received word that his efforts had been rewarded and that Richard Liner, alias Dick Holland, wanted here for various check transactions amounting to several hundred dollars, had been apprehended in Tooele, Utah, and was being held pending the arrival of an officer from Phoenix. Constable Jim Murphy will leave today to bring Liner back, particularly to answer to a charge of passing a worthless check for $75 on the management of the Commercial hotel, to whom he is also alleged to owe a board bill of $78.50.
Chorus girls, wine and automobiles are said to have been the downfall of Liner, who came to Phoenix on April 3, with a carnival. He was a piano player and made music for the girl doing the Salome dance at the carnival grounds. He made friends here and even went so far as to inveigle a local surgeon into performing an operation upon a girl member of his company, agreeing to stand the cost thereof amounting to $50, and neglecting to pay before he departed. Several other checks than those he passed at the Commercial hotel, all drawn upon the bank of Jerome, bobbed up a day or two after he left with insufficient funds endorsements.
Detective Murphy in carrying on correspondence with his representatives and operators in various sections learned that Liner is wanted in Los Angeles, where Nick Harris, detective, has a desire to lay hands on him, in San Francisco and in New Orleans. He is said to have swindled a local automobile driver out of $102 through the medium of a worthless check.
Through the efforts of Deputy Sheriff Fred Hawkins of Jerome, where Liner lived for a time, Murphy learned that Liner was in Ely, Nevada. Before the authorities there could lay hands on him, he had gone into Utah. Later he returned to Nevada and finally he went to Tooele, Utah, where he was taken in charge by Sheriff Phillip Aljeth, who is holding him pending the arrival of Constable Murphy.
The apprehension of Liner is one of the most important the Murphy Detective Protective association, operated in conjunction with the detective bureau, has made since it was organized some months ago. Many hotels and business houses have the association under contract to protect them against worthless check artists.

o
STANDARD OIL
Thirty-two splendid specimens of the genus equus were cast out of the Standard Oil company's delivery service in Los Angeles the other day, along with fourteen perfectly good tank and delivery wagons that until then had been a part of the same service. What happened to these horses and wagons was only incidental to a more important change having to do with motor trucks. Eight more trucks had been ordered by the company for its Los Angeles agency, and upon delivery they were assigned to duty in that field where the horses and horse-drawn wagons were until then serving. It was planned that these eight new trucks should do the same work the horses and tank wagons were doing, and a lot more besides. They immediately proceeded to do that, and the livestock was taken off the job.
Two years ago the Los Angeles agency had but two motor tank trucks, one for fuel oil and one for refined product. Fifty horses were required to haul the tank and delivery wagons that then constituted the service's rolling stock at this point. Today this agency has nineteen motor trucks and no horses, for this last change eliminates the horse from Standard Oil company delivery service in Los Angeles. At every other agency of the company on the Pacific coast where horses are still in use similar changes are being made, or will come as fast as is consistent with business and traffic conditions in the respective localities.

o
A DREDGE AS A LIFE SAVER
Boy Raised by Accident From River Bottom and Resuscitated.
When Anson Rabuck, 14 years old, fell into the Susquehanna river here the other day he did not reappear and men and boys grappled and dived for the body.
Three hundred feet down stream a coal dredge was working, and in a few minutes the digging machine threw the little fellow up on the screen, apparently dead.
His frantic mother, who lives close to the stream, urged that they try to save the boy, and a half-dozen men took turns under her direction, using "first aid to the injured" methods. After a half hour's work the boy showed signs of life and by evening was able to eat his supper.
Doctors said that it was one of the rarest cases of resuscitation they had ever heard of. Klines Grove (Pa.) Letter to the Philadelphia Bulletin.

COURTESY
Courtesy goes a long way toward easing the burden of getting one's bread and butter. Manchester Union.

OUR SERVICE MEANS
Quality - Accuracy - Promptness
DR. E. MUNSON
Arizona's Leading Optician and Optometrist
118 W. Washington St.

A Surface grinding plant on the premises insures prompt delivery and a short wait.

SERVIA AGREES
(Continued From Page One)
there, except what the government wants the world to know.
Even now Austrian armies may be closing in upon Servia and launching a sudden blow, as Japan did when she sent a fleet against the Russian ships without warning. While Austria announces "partial mobilization" the Austrian ambassador at London issued a significant notice to all Austrians who are liable for military service to return home.
The only possibility of averting war is that at the eleventh hour Servia shall reconsider her reply to the Austrian note and bow to all demands. Even then Austria proposes to exact payment for all her expenses in connection with her military measures.
The question as to whether Russia will take up arms to save her Slav protege from a crushing blow, is the crucial feature of the situation on which the peace of all Europe hinges. The same degree of secrecy which Austria has imposed has been established in Russia also, and therefore it cannot be known what military preparations are in progress there. The Russian government permitted messages to go forth quoting the St. Petersburg papers as considering that intervention would be inevitable, as it is demanded by popular sentiment.
Patriotic demonstrations continue throughout Austria and censored messages convey the impression that the people are enthusiastic for war. Pro-Austrian rallies are being held in Berlin and similar demonstrations in favor of Servia in St. Petersburg and Paris.
The British admiralty issued orders tonight keeping the British fleet on a war footing.
o

WARFARE IN THE AIR AND FIELD
The unique accident which has cost the Austrian army the lives of nine of its aviation specialists may be taken as a fair example of what warfare in the air would be like. It has often been suggested that the only way to bring in the era of universal peace would be to make war unthinkably destructive. If a weapon could be invented that would guarantee the utter annihilation of both combatants, that would be a convincing argument for the expediency of abolishing war.
Every now and then what looks like a weapon of that kind is produced. The machine gun is a familiar type. It was hailed as promising an end of war. But such promises have always been nullified by man's ingenuity, on the defensive side. The machine gun may be capable of "mowing down" whole regiments. But as a matter of experience, nothing of the kind happens. The casualties in battle, in fact, tend to decrease as more and more efficient fighting machines are contrived, by comparison with the ages when man fought hand to hand; or, as was the practice, after the invention of gunpowder up to a recent period, when battle ranges were no longer than would permit one army to see the whites of the enemy's eyes.
Coincidently we have been "civilizing" warfare. Defenseless communities are no longer put to the sword, or sacked. Prisoners are not harmed. The wounded are cared for as tenderly by the medical corps of the hostile army as by their own doctors and nurses. A battle, or the war itself, may be brought to an end by a mutual agreement that more fighting would not influence the result, but only cause a "useless effusion of blood."
For all the deadliness and power of modern weapons, the "horrors of war" are, thus, nothing like what they used to be. What has happened is this the financial burden is constantly heavier.
The engines of destruction of the twentieth century cost immensely more, even in proportion to the greater available wealth, than the simple machines of the old days. Peace promoters accordingly nowadays argue their case chiefly on the economic side. The slaughter and incidental cruelties and hardships are less weighty considerations than formerly. But war is appallingly wasteful that is the appeal for finding other means to settle controversies.
It might not be any more assuring if we could believe that the airship and the science of military aviation will some day become so efficient that a battlefield could be swept clear of troops by an attack from above. For wars would then be transferred to the air. But what would then happen is indicated by what happened in the Austrian maneuvers mutual annihilation. And that is the ideal, from the peace maker's point of view. Providence R. I. Journal.

SUMMER TOURIST RATES
To
Atchison, Kan 65.00
Baltimore, Md 102.50
Boston, Mass 103.50
Chicago, Ill 17.50
Colorado Springs, Col 45.00
Council Bluffs, Iowa 65.00
Denver, Col 45.00
Duluth, Minn 78.30
Kansas City, Mo 65.00
Leavenworth, Kan 65.00
Memphis, Tenn 65.00
Minneapolis, Minn 70.70
Montreal, Quebec 103.50
New York, N. Y. 103.50
Omaha, Nebr. 65.00
Philadelphia, Pa. 103.50
Portland, Me. 103.50
Pueblo, Col 45.00
Quebec, P. Q 111.50
St. Joseph, Mo 65.00
St. Louis, Mo 65.00
St. Paul, Minn 70.70
Toronto, Ont 76.70
Washington, D. C. 102.50
Tickets on sale July 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, August 3, 4, 11, 12, 17, 18, 20, 21, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, Sept. 4, 5, 9, 10, 11.
Final Return Limit Three Months From Date of Sale but Not to Exceed October 31st
Diverse Routes. Liberal Stopover
Insist on Having your Tickets Routed via the E. P. and S. W. in connection with the
GOLDEN STATE LIMITED
Through Without Change To
Kansas City Chicago St. Louis
For information regarding routes, Pullman reservations, etc., Inquire of Agent, Arizona Eastern Railroad, Phoenix, Arizona, or Address
GARNETT KING,
Gen. Pass. Agt., El Paso, Tex.

PREPARING A PERFECT
BREAKFAST
is a matter of a few minutes with the aid of our breakfast specialties. All kinds of cereals that require little or no cooking, pan cake flour that can be made ready in a jiffy. Pure maple syrup to go with the cakes too. Lots of other good things, too. Come and see how easy good living can be made.
McLean's grocery
PHONE 1375
130 NORTH FIRST AVENUE

Spend your vacation at the
NEW PALACE HOTEL
SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA.
A high class hotel for refined people. You will enjoy the social events and the people you meet. Wants and requirements of every guest. Within easy walking distance the shopping district and the theatre and place of amusements. With your family spend a day, a week, or a month and enjoy the comforts of the NEW PALACE, where everything is cheerful and homelike.

FIFTH AND ELM STREETS :