THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 2, 1893.

PUBLISHED BY
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN CO.

T. J. WOLFLEY, Editor and Manager.

Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix, Arizona,
as mail matter of the second class.

OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE STATE.

BY CARRIER:
The Daily Republican is delivered by car
rier in Phoenix, Tucson and Tempe at 50 cents
per week.
Subscribers failing to get the Republican
regularly or promptly should notify THE RE
PUBLICAN business office (not the carriers)
in order to receive immediate attention. Tele
phone No. 17.

BY MAIL:
Daily, one year $10.00
Daily, six months 5.00
Daily, three months 2.50
Sunday Republican, one year 2.00
Sunday Republican, six months 1.25
Weekly Republican, one year 2.50
Weekly Republican, six months 1.25
Weekly Republican, three months .75

All communications relating to news or edi
torial matter should be addressed to Editor
Republican.
All remittances and business letters should
be addressed to The Arizona Republican Co.,
Phoenix, Ariz.
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN CO.

AGENCIES.
The Republican can be found on sale at the
following places:
Commercial Hotel, Phoenix
Pratt Bros.
Irving Co.
P. O. Office News Stand
Joe J. Goldbaum, Tucson

ADVERTISING RATES.
Rates of advertising in the Daily, Sunday or
Weekly edition made known on application at
the publication office. Or ring up telephone
number 47, and J. I. King, of the business
department, will call and quote prices and
contract for space.

THE REPUBLICAN'S CIRCULATION.
The Daily Republican has a circulation
that every day exceeds that of all the other
dailies in Phoenix combined. This is a guar
anteed statement for the information of advertisers.

BOOK AND JOB PRINTING.
The Republican is fully prepared to do all
kinds of plain and fancy job printing in the
latest styles. Complete book binding and ruling
machinery in connection with the Job depart
ment. Work perfectly and promptly done.

NOTICE TO BUSINESSMEN.
No bills against The Arizona Republican
Co., or its employees will be paid by the com
pany unless they were contracted upon the
written authority of the management.
T. J. WOLFLEY, Manager.

The Register of Bolivia is in receipt
of a dispatch from United States Minis
ter Grant, at La Paz, Bolivia, in
which he speaks of curious reform in
the currency in Bolivia only just now
completed. It appears that when bank
notes were first issued in Bolivia there
was a certain dearth of fractional currency.
It consequently became the custom to
make change by cutting the bank notes
into fractions. The banks received
these fractional pieces of paper money,
and the curious token inaugurated has
continued to the present time. An en
tire bank note is therefore, a rarity in
Bolivia, almost the entire issue circulating
in the shape of fractions. By a recent
issue the banks are ordered to redeem these fractions of
bank notes until June 30, after which
they will not be received by the govern
ment nor by the banks, and will there
fore rapidly disappear from circulation.
The circulation of a new and entire
bank note for the old fractional note is
now in force, and holders of torn
notes are warned by legal advertise
ments in the newspapers to present
them for redemption before June 15th.

VERMONT'S BUILDING.
One of the Most Unique Structures at
Jackson Park.
The Vermont state building is one
of the most unique and original on the
exposition grounds. On the right and
left of the steps on the facade rise two
shafts, on which are allegorical figures
representing the industries of agricul
ture and mechanics, the two prin
cipal industrial activities of the State.
One enters through a columned portico
into a courtyard, on the right and left
of which are covered porches with
broad seats. Just off these are the re
ception rooms in front, and committee
rooms, post office, etc., in the rear. In
the center of the court is a handsome
marble fountain. Marble from the
quarries of the state is used all through
the interior of the building. Facing
the end of the court is a porch, sup
ported by four caryatids, over which is

ENSOR INSTITUTE

The Only Sure and Safe Cure for the
TOBACCO, LIQUOR AND MORPHINE HABITS

No Dangerous Minerals Injected Into the System

A. K. WALSHMUT, Business Manager.

That uses Purely Vegetable Preparations.
GUSCH Block. Investigate this
Saloon.

The Palace,
GUS. H. HERSCHEL, Prop.
Imported and Domestic
WINES, LIQUORS AND CIGARS,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.

Auctions and Commission.

Auctioneers and Commission Merchants.
Corner of Washington and Center St.

"EL PASO ROUTE"

Texas and Pacific

The Great Popular Route Between

THE SOUTH SIDE.
A. J. Mills has charge of the Advertising and
Publication department of The Republican
on the South Side, which will make a central
feature of the paper. Two papers are issued to
Tempe and Mesa, and the business of the South
Side will be carefully looked after by Mr. Mills.

SILVER MARKET.

San Francisco, July 1. Silver bars quoted...
Mexican dollars ...
New York, July 1. Copper, quiet.
Lake, 10.60.

Lead, quiet and firm. Domestic around $3100.
The structure is in the center. The reception
hall, which is located in the rear, is
circular in form, with a colonnade
around it representing iron work with
bas-relief plates dull and pretty.

COLUMBIAN EDITION.
The large and elegant Columbian
Edition of The Republican, upon
which work has been progressing for
several months, will be off July 4th.
Copy for advertising and other mat
ter not yet in, must be left at the office
immediately to insure insertion.

It is Pompeian in style and of classic de
tail, and furnishes a most unique con
trast to the other buildings.

VALUES AMONG CHEWERS.

TWO GUESSES.
"A good guess is as good as anything
when it hits" is a time honored but not
a moral motto. Day before yesterday
it was announced by the Associated
Press that August 7 had been fixed as
the date for the convening of the extra
session. As a matter of fact that date
had not been fixed and Mr. Cleveland
had not decided to call the session
until in September. Probably the date
August 7 had not occurred to the presi
dent at all. Even after the report had
been sent out it was semi-officially an
nounced that it was an unfounded
rumor and two cabinet officials stated
that it was unlikely that Mr. Cleveland
would change his mind with reference
to the extra session which was to
be convened early in September.
It transpires, however, that a few
hours later Mr. Cleveland gave way
before the pressure and decided to call
the session on August 7, the date which
had already been telegraphed through
out the United States. Yesterday's
dispatches announce that the first re
port was purely a conjecture, but a
good one, and not an altogether un
natural one since, if the session was
to be convened in August at all instead
of in September, August 7, which is
the first Monday, would most likely
have been the day. So in this case the
press was right, but two weeks ago, a
message sent out by the Associated Press
was not only not good, but disas
trous. At the Suburban handicap
Lamplighter was expected to win.
He was by long odds the favorite and
the question only seemed to be which
horses would run in second and third
places. At the close of the race under
the "no exit" rule, the Associated
Press had no means of learning the re
sults since the Western Union had no
office on the grounds. It was taken for
granted that Lamplighter won and that
result was sent out. An hour later it
was announced that Squalls won.

A Quarter People Who Know Nothing of
the Use of Money.
In the present publication of the Im
perial Geographical Society of Russia
is the surprising announcement that
the Cheyur are a race of seven thousand people in the department of
Tiflis know nothing of the use of money as a medium
of exchange. The unit of valuation
among the primitive people is cattle.
A horse is valued at three cows and a
stallion at six. If a Cheyur becomes
angry and strikes his neighbor he
must pay sixteen cows. If he breaks a bone of
his neighbor's arm five cows will re
habilitate him in the eyes of society.
A wound in the forehead calls for three
calves. If one cuts another in the part
of the face usually covered by the
beard the payment is comparatively
severe. The doctors place many
grains of wheat along the cut as pos
sible. For each grain of wheat so
stitched the criminal must give up a cow.
Wounds in the lateral part of the
face call for one-third as many cows
only. The man who injures a neighbor's
hand buys himself a cow.
Thirty cows even will pay for the loss
of an eye. The people are said to be
happy and content. To raise cattle
among them!

OLD-TIME WATCHMEN'S RULES.

The following instructions to watch
men are taken from the "Selectmen's
Minutes" of Boston, dated November 1,
1700:
"In going the rounds care must be
taken that the watchmen are not noisy,
but behave themselves with strict de
corum, that they frequently give the
time of night and what the weather is
with a distinct, but moderate voice,
excepting at times when it is necessary
to pass in silence in order to detect and
secure persons that are out on unlawful
actions.
"You and your division must endeavor
to suppress all routs, riots and other
disorders that may be committed in the
night and secure such persons as may
be guilty; that proper steps may be
taken the next morning for a prosecu
tion as the law directs. We strictly
forbid you to receive any fee or
bribe that may be offered you to per
mit such acts, or to conceal their of
fense from the selectmen."

A Slur on the Medical Profession.
Squalls—A doctor never makes a visit
after his patient is out of danger.
Truest—No, for so long as the
doctor continues his visits the patient
is in danger.

DOUBLE CHLORIDE OF GOLD TABLETS

Will completely destroy the desire for TOBACCO in from 3 to 5 days. Perfectly
harmless; cause no sickness, and may be given in a cup of tea or coffee without the
knowledge of the patient, who will voluntarily stop smoking or chewing in a few days.

HILL'S

Hunsacker's Stage Line.
MORNING STAGE.
No. 1 Phoenix 7 a. m. Ar. Mesa 9:30 a. m.
No. 2 Tempe 8:30 a. m. Ar. Florence 1 p. m.
EVENING STAGE.
No. 1 Phoenix 3:30 p. m. Ar. Tempe 5 p. m.
No. 2 Florence 7 p. m. Ar. Phoenix 10 p. m.
Office Commercial Hotel. Frank Phillips, Prop.

Send For Our Pamphlets.

A few testimonials from persons who have been cured
by the use of Hill's Tablets.

The Ohio Chemical Co.:
"Dear Sirs—Your cure for tobacco habit proved to me all you claimed and more.
I bought ten cents' worth of your tablets and from one to five days after using them
I would smoke from ten to fifty pipes of tobacco. Have chewed and smoked for
twenty-five years, and two packages of your tablets cured me so that I have no desire for it."
W. H. BRADWAY.

The Ohio Chemical Co.:
"Gentlemen—Your cure for tobacco habit I received and found they did the work in less
than three days. I am cured. Truly yours,
S. M. MORRIS."

Manufactured only by
THE OHIO CHEMICAL CO.,
54, 55 and 56 Opera Block, Lima, Ohio.

That's what we are doing with lines of
WALTER A. WOOD
AND
STANDARD
Mowers and Reapers.
We are not trying to get rich off of
every sale, but sell these reapers and mowers on a very
small margin.

Columbus Buggies
and all kinds of
Agricultural Implements.
H. E. Kemp & Co.