u

V
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: WEDNESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 31, 1892.

NINETEEN HEROES.

THE OFFICERS KILLED IN BATTLE IN
THE SIXTY-FIRST PENNSYLVANIA.
A Remarkable Procession of Enpaulleted
Martyrs, with a Colonel as the First
and the Last, and They All Fell In
side the Breastworks.
Copyright, 1892, by American Press Associa
tion. Book rights reserved.
THE author of the
little book "Rec
ollections of a Pri
vate Soldier in the
Army of the Po
tomac" draws
comparison be
tween the service
rendered by the
privates and those
of the commis
sioned officers, and
makes this bold
challenge, "Who
besides the enlist
ed men can tell
how fierce Confed-
erates looked and
fought behind
their earthworks
or in the open?"
A very hasty
glance at facts
will show who
else could surely
tell had they not
lost their lives in getting the information.
There were 103,703 enlisted men killed
and mortally wounded in the Union army,
and 6,365 commissioned officers that is, 1
officer to every 16 enlisted men. In the
field the proportion of officers to privates
was 1 to 21, and so the epauleted heroes
made the best showing on the roll of
honor. In certain battles the showing is
still better for officers. At Gettysburg 27
per cent of the officers engaged were killed
or mortally wounded, and of the privates
21 per cent. At Shiloh the officers suffered
to the extent of 21.3 per cent, and the pri
vates 17.6. Of course, most veterans who
were at the extreme front recall instances
of officers on the battlefield skulking be
hind trees or logs and calling out lustily,
"Go in, boys!"
On the other hand, enlisted men had at
times to be prodded up to their work.
But it is not for purposes of comparison
that I tell the story of the heroic deaths of
19 officers of the Sixty-first Pennsylvania
volunteers.
The regiment probably did not carry
into battle during its whole career a
greater number of individual officers than
there were casualties among its officers
first and last—that is, there was an aver
age of one wound or death stroke for each
officer. Some were hit more than once,
and a very few came out unscathed.
Three colonels were shot dead while lead
ing the men in battle, and 4 captains
were killed outright and 1 mortally
wounded; in desperate action, every one.
And in order to tell the story of these
deeds it is necessary to follow the course
of the fighting—sometimes up to the Con
federate line of battle, sometimes to the
breastworks and over them.
The regiment was organized at Pitts
burg in August, 1861, and went to the
front before its ranks were filled. Col.
Oliver Hazard Rippey was the leader, and
he was destined to cross first to the eter
nal camping grounds and marshal the
noble ranks of martyrs to come after him.
The first fight was at bloody Fair Oaks
in the Chickahominy morass, May 31, 1862.
That was the battle intended by the Con
federates to be the Union Waterloo on the
peninsula. In the midst of a blinding
rain, with the swamp lands changed to a
rushing sea behind McClellan's left wing,
the enemy stole forward unchallenged
and fell upon the outposts of Casey's divi
sion of Keyes’ Fourth corps, covering the
roads and railroads and bridges that
formed the heart and keys of the position.
The Sixty-first was in Couch’s division of
the same corps and occupied a second line
in support of Casey.
When the Confederate regiments, with
odds of 4 to 1, dashed upon the outposts,
Gen. Couch hurried to the rescue with the
first men he could rally for the purpose—
two Pennsylvania regiments, one chancing
to be the Sixty-first. In starting off to the
scene of danger the colonel of the com
panion regiment insisted that seniority of
rank entitled him and his men to precede
the Sixty-first. The raising of this point
of etiquette in a crisis involving the fate
of the army and of the nation stung Col.
Rippey to the core, and with an oath that
LED ON INTO THAT JUNGLE OF DEATH.
will certainly be expunged in the last day
he told his rival to go to the devil, waved
his sword to his men, with the ringing
order, "Forward, Sixty-first! Close up!
Double quick!" and spurring his horse
forward led on into that jungle of death.
In thirty minutes he was a lifeless hero,
but meanwhile his men had met and stood
off the Confederates that were rushing on
to destroy Casey's line.
The combatants came together at dou
ble quick and the Confederates dropped to
their knees under the steady fire of the
Pennsylvanians. The latter cheered and
advanced until the lines were but thirty
yards apart. At that distance it was
fought out from shoulder rests, and the
Sixty-first didn’t yield until fresh oppo
nents came up on the flank and its ranks
had been cut down by a loss of 213 out of
571 engaged. A captain and 4 lieutenants
were among the killed and also 60 soldiers
in the ranks. The lieutenant colonel and
major were wounded and captured. The
casualties among officers were 6 killed and
8 wounded, or 14 in all. The regimental
flag was torn into shreds by the enemy's
bullets and it was wrapped around the
body of Col. Rippey to be borne north and
buried with him. And it was not a one
sided affair in the matter of losses. The
Sixty-first locked horns on the start with
the Palmetto regiment of South Caro
lina. The Carolinians lost 16 members of
the color guard in that fight and half the
men killed or wounded.
The changes in corps organization that
took place when McClellan’s army was
withdrawn from the peninsula, a few
weeks after Fair Oaks, threw the Sixty-first
into the Sixth army corps, where it re
mained to the end. It was engaged in
minor affairs during the campaign of 1862,
but graduated no more epauleted heroes
until the storming of Marye’s Heights, May
3, 1863. The colonel at that time was
George C. Spear, one of the wounded and
captured of Fair Oaks. His regiment was
picked out to head the storming column
on the right of the line and he was to com
mand the column. The hill was very
steep and the troops started to go up in
marching order of four ranks.
Before they could deploy in a charging
line the cannon and muskets awaiting
them on the crest opened fire. This was a
setback and the men wavered, but for a
second only. Colonel Spear calmly waited
for the line to form, then pointed to the
crest where the mischief lay, and to a man,
save only the victims of the fiery hail en
countered on the way, the stormers went
up and stopped at nothing until the heights
and the guns crowning them were theirs.
The Sixty-first captured one cannon of the
Washington artillery. Colonel Spear was
killed and a captain and 3 lieutenants were
wounded. The wounded captain was J.
W. Crosby, a man to keep watch of in this
record, for one taste of Confederate breast
works fire didn’t scare him into resigning.
The Sixty-first reenlisted and entered
the Wilderness in Getty’s division of the
Sixth corps. Getty’s men were in Han
cock’s line on the Brock road and Plank
road, the scene of more than one bloody
charge and countercharge. There a cap
tain and 2 lieutenants were killed and
2 other officers wounded. The regiment’s
loss was 151, of which 34 were by death.
At Spottsylvania the regiment again
stood by Hancock’s veterans, and was in
the twenty-four-hour struggle across the
breastworks in the "Bloody Angle" on
May 12. In one charge of the enemy, in the
attempt to drive Hancock’s line from the
breastworks they had captured, the Sixty
first lost 60 killed and wounded. During
the day 80 men tasted the enemy’s lead;
the adjutant was killed, also 4 of the men
and 7 other officers were wounded. The
fight was waged with the combatants on
opposite sides of a single parapet.

STORMING THE HEIGHTS.
After the Wilderness campaign the
scene changed, and the Pennsylvanians
escaped from the dull round of wholesale
carnage to take part in some of the bril
liant exploits of that last year of the war.
The upper Potomac, Maryland, the north
and even the capital were at the mercy of
Jubal A. Early’s raiders, who rendez
voused in the Shenandoah valley. Getty’s
division, including the Sixty-first, sailed
up the Potomac to enter the valley, and in
passing Washington the vessels were sig
naled to land. The president was at the
wharf, and a sigh of relief went up when
the new arrivals were seen to be veteran
troops of the Army of the Potomac. Early,
with 20,000 troops, was actually at the
gates of Washington, and even the most
hopeful believed that the Union capital
was doomed. A brigade was hurried off
to the fortifications north of the city and
piloted by secret routes to the very front,
opposite Fort Stevens, where the Confed
erates had seized two wooded hills over
looking the fort.
So intense was the feeling that Lincoln
and his cabinet went out to the fort to
watch the issue. A straying shot wounded
an officer by the side of the president, and
he was begged to think of the nation if he
did not regard his personal self, and retire,
which he did. The fire that provoked this
episode was drawn by the sudden spring
ing up from its cover of the Sixth corps
brigade, Bidwell’s, which contained the
remnant of the Sixty-first. The charge
drove the Confederate advance from its
vantage ground and Early gave up the at
tack. The adjutant of the Sixty-first was
killed and Maj. J. W. Crosby wounded.
Maj. Crosby was the hero of Marye’s
Heights, who didn’t give up because of
one knockdown. He was also one of the
Wilderness victims, and was lying in
hospital at Washington when Early’s raid
ers appeared. His Wilderness wound was
unhealed, and the surgeons refused to
return him to duty, but in answer to his
appeal granted a furlough which enabled
him to join his men at Fort Stevens. He
paid for his daring by the loss of an arm,
and was discharged to make way for a
sound leader at the front. During the
winter following the regiment was re
cruited up to nine companies, and Crosby
was asked to head it as lieutenant colonel.
He took the regiment into its last fight, the
charge upon and over Lee’s intrenchments
at Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and fell dead
there, the last epauleted hero of the noble
nineteen.
After Fort Stevens the regiment went to
the Shenandoah valley with Sheridan, and
was in the thick of it at Charlestown,
Winchester and Cedar Creek. Five offi
cers were killed in Sheridan’s battles, and
the end of it all was this roll of dead lead
ers: Colonels Oliver H. Rippey, killed at
Fair Oaks; George C. Spear, at Marye’s
Heights; J. W. Crosby, at Petersburg.
Staff—Adjt. G. W. Wilson, killed at
Spottsylvania. Captains Louis Reden
back, Company H, mortally wounded at
Charlestown, Va.; W. O. H. Robinson,
Company B, killed at the Wilderness; D.
J. Taylor, Company D, and J. Barrett,
Company G, killed at Cedar Creek; Joseph
Gerard, Company G, killed at Fair Oaks.
Lieutenants—Company A: John Pollock,
at Fair Oaks; F. M. Brown, at the Wilder
ness; J. N. Price, at Charlestown, Va.
Company B: William Scott, at Fair Oaks;
William Laughlin, at Fort Stevens, and
E. C. Koerner, at the Wilderness. Com
pany C: C. H. Rhodes, at Fair Oaks, and
J. W. Prophater, at Charlestown. Com
pany F: C. T. Harper, at Marye’s Heights.
Company H: Alfred Moylan, at Fair Oaks.
After Capts. Barrett and Taylor were
killed at Cedar Creek, there wasn’t an
officer above the rank of lieutenant in the
regiment. —William H. Crilbert.

40 Years the Standard