THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 1, 1902.

ROYAL

Baking

With Royal Baking Powder there is no mixing with the hands, no sweat on the brow! Perfect cleanliness, greatest facility, sweet, clean, healthful food.

The "Royal Baker and Tasty Cook" containing over 500 most practical and valuable cookery recipes is free to every patron. Send postal card with your full address.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO.

AN IMPRESSIVE SERVICE

Ceremony of the O.E.S. Over Remains of Mrs. Geo. A. Mauk.

The members of Phoenix chapter No. 3, Order of the Eastern Star, yesterday afternoon paid their final tribute to the memory of their late sister, Mrs. George A. Mauk, at the undertaking parlors of Mohn & Kasterling.

The funeral ceremony of the order was read by Worthy Matron Mrs. Lillian Sweeney, Worthy Patron Vernon L. Clark and other officers of the lodge. The service was a most impressive one and the chapel hall was crowded with members of the order and other mourning friends. The popularity of Mrs. Mauk and her untimely death while yet in the years of early womanhood, together with the remembrance of her motherless children, and one of them

PHOENIX FOUNDRY & MACHINE WORKS

Machinery, Supplies, Castings, Repairs, Etc., Etc.

25 to 33 North Second Street

Standard Iron Works

Phoenix, Arizona

General Agents for Engines, Boilers and Pumps

Manufacturers of Mining and Milling Machinery, Semi-Steel Shoes and Dies, Iron, Brass and Phosphorus Bronze Castings, Shafting, Pulleys, Hangers, Boxes and General Machinery

Second-Hand Bought and Sold. Box 458.

When you want a strictly high grade vehicle buy one made by the "Columbus Buggy Co." and you will be satisfied. We carry a full line of medium grade also. Harness to suit.

Lawrence & Clarke

Powder

Alum is used in some baking powders and in most of the so-called phosphate powders, because it is cheap and makes a cheaper powder. But alum is a warlike poison which, taken in food, acts mischievously upon the stomach, liver and kidneys.

Too young, made the occasion an unusually affecting one.

At the conclusion of the service the members of the order and friends escorted the remains to the M. & I. depot, whence they were taken to Mesa City on the 5 o'clock train, and where the funeral service will be held this morning under the auspices of the church.

A certain politician, whose life-long ambition had been to become one of the judiciary of his state, after unnumbered years of persistent wire-pulling, at last attained executive appointment to the coveted honor. After three or four months of official service an admiring acquaintance remarked of him:

"The judge sits on the bench like a man of long experience, doesn't he?"

"Why shouldn't he?" returned a bystander. "He has passed about fifteen years on the anxious seat." Richmond Dispatch.

A man may pocket his pride, but a woman can't find her pocket.

Scott's Santal-Pepsin Capsules

A POSITIVE CURE for Inflammation or Catarrh of the Bladder and Diseased Kidneys. No cure, no pay. Cures quickly and permanently all inflammatory diseases of the urinary organs. Positively no injurious effects to the stomach as other internal remedies. Sold by druggists. Price $1.00, or by mail, postpaid, $1.00 12 boxes, $1.75

THE SANTAL-PEPSIN CO., Bellefontaine, Ohio.

GOODMAN'S PHARMACY, AGENTS.

Supplies. Machinery Sold.

Long Distance Phone 571

We are making room for our Spring and Summer Stock that will soon arrive, and therefore offer great inducements this week in BLACK DRESS GOODS

Black Figured Jacquard, 45 inches wide, our price this week, yard $1.10

Black Satin Berber, 42 inches wide, heavy lustrous goods, worth $1.25, this week, yard $1.10

Black Canvas Cloth, all wool, 44 inches wide, well worth $1.25 yard, this week, yard $1.25

Black Yatlasse Cloth, 42 inches wide, $1.25 quality, for yard $1.10

Mines and Minerals of Arizona

Hon. Martin Patterson, formerly mayor of Superior, Wis., spent Tuesday and Wednesday in Bisbee. He is interested with the Calumet and Hecla company in the proposed purchase of the South Bisbee company's property. He is quoted as saying: "There is nothing certain until a deal is consummated, but I have no reason to doubt that the purchase will be made. There seems to be no particular obstacle in the way."

According to the Los Angeles Times of the 28th, a second oil company is likely to be engaged shortly in the exploration of the Camelback district. The Times says:

"An oil company backed by local and Arizona capital has completed arrangements for drilling a well for oil near the old Camelback mountains, northeast of Phoenix. For months it has been rumored that indications of oil were unusually flattering in the Camelback district, and at last the oil fever has caught some of the more intrepid spirits. The new company, not yet incorporated, will hold a meeting in this city in a few days, when the proposition of incorporating and purchasing of machinery will be discussed. Since it has been demonstrated by several of the large mining operators in the territory that oil can be used with success in mining camps many of the mining corporations have expressed a desire to install oil burners. They have hesitated in taking the step because of the great expense in freighting the oil from the Kern river field. Should oil be found in commercial quantities in the territory there would be little or no trouble in finding a market."

THE COPPER MARKET

Professor Douglas Opinion of the Present and the Future.

Professor James Douglas, president of the Copper Queen, and Past President of the Mining Engineers of the United States, in discussing the present and future of copper is quoted as follows in the Bisbee Review:

"No one can safely say what the outcome of the recent break in the copper market will be, for it is simply conjecture one can predict as well as another. The cause of the recent fall is simply due to the same conditions that regulate prices of other commodities viz., supply and demand. We have enjoyed exceptionally high prices during the past two years, it could not be fairly expected that this price would be maintained. That price stimulated operations in the copper mines of the world and high prices always result in the demand to necessary uses. The result is that the Amalgamated Copper company claims that there has been an overproduction which of necessity must be disposed of.

"That company has let it be generally known that it was carrying something like 130,000,000 pounds of copper and in order to reduce this stock they reduced the price, and therefore, to that extent, they may be said to be accountable for the sudden break in copper. At the same time it was through their influence that the high price was maintained. As they were loaded up to that extent they cannot be blamed for disposing of their stock, if not at the former market price of 17 cents at a lower figure, just as any one else would have done. No one can blame them since it is a business proposition.

"The price of copper will depend entirely upon the amount of copper that must be disposed of.

"It is unfair to say the Standard Oil company is responsible for the fall in copper. The leading spirit of that corporation, the famous John D. Rockefeller, says positively, that he has had nothing whatever to do with the Amalgamated Copper company, although his brother is interested to some extent. This company handles 300,000,000 pounds annually and is thus the greatest factor in the copper world. The lower price will to some extent help sell any surplus stock and therefore all we can do is to await the outcome, as sure that as the surplus stock of copper is absorbed the rise will occur. The world wants copper and cannot have it permanently or for any long time at present prices."

ARIZONA COAL INDICATIONS.

In the Chiricahua mountains we find evidences of coal measures and vegetation of that period in the shales and uplifted beds of graphitic anthracite several feet thick. So, also, in the San Carlos reservation, and northwards, heavy strata of the carboniferous occur with seams of coal, but so far as yet determined of limited thickness and value. These occurrences are, however, sufficient to show a far western extension of the carboniferous and consequently the existence of dry swamp land at that time. The most western point in the latitude of Arizona at which coal measures have before been found was in the Rocky mountains near Santa Fe. Thickly bedded limestones of dark color and of carboniferous age occur in the mountains west of Tucson. The limestones in the Quijotoa mountains at the Vekol lead silver mines contain an abundance of cyathophylloid corals and are referred to the carboniferous. The dark colored limestones of the Mule mountains, at Tombstone, and also those at the American mine, in the Swisshelms, are similarly referred, and are doubtless a part of the extensive series of limestone and shaly beds of the northern portion of the Santa Ritas. A portion of the strata of the Whetstone range and of the Dragoons and of the Catalina mountains are of the carboniferous age. Prof. Blake in American Geologist.

GASH VEINS.

Very little is heard nowadays of gash veins. Twenty years ago it was popularly supposed that the lodes in many localities were simply shallow cracks in the earth's rocky crust of limited horizontal extent, widest at the surface and rapidly narrowing downward until the walls came together and the lode ended. As proof of this alleged condition of affairs, many properties were cited which ceased to pay after being explored but at slight distance below the croppings 100 to 300 feet. When such a phenomenon was thought to be displayed the vein was condemned as simply a "gash," and the reputation of the whole district was injured, while the property itself was invariably abandoned. One by one, most of these reported "gashes" have been taken hold of by men of more persistence than the first owners, with the invariable result that, with more or less exploration downward, the lode invariably opened again and became profitable. Thus perished the theory of gash veins. It is now well understood that while lodes may have horizontal or lateral terminals, no one has ever found the end in depth. And the cause that the crack or fissure originated from below. U.S. Mining Bureau.

MINING NOTES.

The Summit Mining company is down 1100 feet on its property on the top of the divide between Wolf and Lynx creeks and will let a contract to sink the shaft 100 feet deeper. The property is showing up finely.

It is stated that L. A. Hayes is on his way to Prescott from Chicago to start up work on the Sundance properties, which are located near the southern suburb of Prescott.

About a dozen men are working on the Great Poland tunnel on the Lynx creek side of the divide. They are working at a point about fifty feet below the Mudhole mine and between the mill and the boarding house. Fresno Courier.

Good reports come from the Cold Basin mine, Groom creek, which is located up the gulch above the Infanta, says the Fresno Courier. At a depth of 10 feet, the last feet is all in sulfide ore, the full width of the shaft. The ore is said to carry from $5.50 to $10 per ton in gold. The bins are all full of ore and ore is being piled up outside. The shaft will be sunk to a depth of 120 feet before levels are started and stopping commenced.

Four men were put to work this week on claims owned by Boyd & Choman, Francisco Orduna and Jesus Diaz in the Vulture district, about eight miles west of town. The ore on the surface runs as high as thirty per cent copper and if present indications hold out a number of shipments will be made. This district is rapidly coming to the front. Wickenburg News-Herald.

When you want a physic that is mild and gentle, easy to take and pleasant in effect use Chamberlain's Stomach and Liver Tablets. Price, 25 cents. Samples free. Every box guaranteed. For sale by Elvey & Hulett.

Sven Hedin has returned to Lahore after two years of exploration in Tibet and the Desert of Gobi, in which he traversed 5,000 miles of hitherto unknown country.

Elvey & Hulett, the druggists, will refund you your money if you are not satisfied after using Chamberlain's Stomach and Liver Tablets. They cure disorders of the stomach, biliousness, constipation and headache. Price, 25 cents. Samples free.

Black Bengaline, silk and wool, 44 inches wide, well worth $1.25 yard, this week, yard $1.10

Black Mohair Brilliantine, 40 inches wide, this week, yard $1.20

Personal Mention:

W. R. Beck left for Casa Grande on last night's train.

A. O. Hulett, who has been quite sick with the grip, is again able to be out.

Mrs. Lena Sears has returned from California greatly improved in health.

A. R. Boomer of Kingman is in the city, a guest of the Commercial hotel.

Mr. and Mrs. John K. Speed of Memphis registered at the Hotel Adams yesterday. Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Bruden of Portland, Ore., are in the city, guests of the Hotel Adams.

D. M. Jacobs and S. J. Jacobs of New York are in the city, guests of the Hotel Adams.

I. Diamond has gone to New York city for the purpose of purchasing the spring stock for the Boston store.

John Hilton of San Diego and John H. Holmes of Calumet, Mich., registered at the Ford hotel yesterday.

T. D. Potter and daughter of Crisman, Colo., arrived here yesterday and are registered at the Commercial hotel.

A. Goldfinger, who has been to the coast on a business trip, has returned home after an absence of two or three weeks.

Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Boomer and Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Miller left for Los Angeles this morning via the S. F., P. & P. railroad.

George Scott and James Scott of Mesa City, well-known sheep growers, were in the city yesterday, guests of the Commercial.

Among the passengers on this morning's north-bound train were J. Snyder for San Francisco, Edward McNulty for New York and F. E. Rice for Chicago. Among those registering at the Commercial hotel yesterday were F. W. Dudley of Lowell, Mich.; F. B. Rees of Octave, Ariz.; P. P. Oreppln of Los Angeles, E. J. Colley of San Francisco, and C. N. Koblin of El Paso.

Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Corbin of Plainfield, Ill., are in the city, guests of their daughter, Mrs. C. H. Davidson. They will remain for a month or two, after which they will visit the coast, and returning, may go to old Mexico for a short trip.

E. M. Norton of Pittsburgh, Pa., is in the city, a guest of the Hotel Adams. Mr. Norton is a clerk in the office of the general superintendent of the Pennsylvania railroad lines west of Pittsburgh, and will probably remain here for several weeks.

Among those registering at the Hotel Adams yesterday were J. N. Hunt, Chicago; James F. Salter, Boston, Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Clarke, Provo; J. P. Goodlander, St. Louis; T. Ebstein, Strasbourg; L. R. Smith, St. Louis; L. C. Marten, Phoenix, and E. L. Gilbert, Rochester.

MR. WHEELER GOT RID OF HIS RHEUMATISM.

"During the winter of 1898 I was so lame in my joints, in fact, all over my body, that I could hardly hobble around, when I bought a bottle of Chamberlain's Pain Balm. From the first application I began to get well, and was cured and have worked steadily all the year." R. Wheeler, Northwood, N.Y. For sale by Elvey & Hulett.

IT PAYS IN DOLLARS.

"Is this a dollar store, isn't it?" asked O'Royle, as he presented himself at the counter of a prominent bank.

"No, sir," replied the teller, severely; "this is a bank."

"Well, what's the difference?" Harlem Life.

Even the blind beggar sometimes seems to be looking for trouble.

State of Ohio. City of Toledo, Lucas County ss.

Frank J. Cheney makes oath that he is the senior partner of the firm of F. J. Cheney & Co., doing business in the City of Toledo, County and State aforesaid, and that said firm will pay the sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the use of Hall's Catarrh Cure.

FRANK J. CHENEY.

Sworn to before me and subscribed in my presence this 6th day of December, A.D. 1886. A. W. G. LEASON, Notary Public.

Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly on the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.

F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.

Sold by Druggists, 75c.

Hall's Family Pills are the best.

Black Mohair Sicilian, 50 inches wide, $1.25 quality, for yard $1.10

Black Pebble Cheviot, 40 inches wide, has sold for $1.25 yard, this week, yard $1.10

Ladies' Fast Black Hose, extra length, good weight, seamless, this week, a pair 15c

Not more than 6 pair to a customer.

The Boston Store

SIMILIS CURE

By Driving Out Uric Acid Poison From the System.

Permanent Cure Can Be Effected, But First the KIDNEYS MUST BE HEALTHY

Rheumatism, Rheumatic Gout and All Forms of Uric Acid Poison Are Results of Kidney Diseases, and Can Only Be Cured by Getting Direct at the Seat of the Trouble, the Kidneys.

WARNER'S SAFE CURE

IS THE ONLY POSITIVE CURE FOR ALL DISEASES OF KIDNEY, LIVER, BLOOD AND BLADDER.

The restorer of the kidneys. It prepares the tissues, soothes inflammation and irritation, stimulates the enfeebled organs and heals at the same time. It builds up the body, gives strength and restores the energy that is or has been waiting under the baneful suffering of kidney disease.

WARNER'S SAFE CURE is now put up in two regular sizes and sold by all druggists, or direct, at 50 cents and $1.00 a bottle.

LESS THAN ONE CENT A DOSE.

(Refuse substitutes. There is none "just as good as" Warner's Safe Cure. It has cured all forms of kidney disease during the last thirty years. It is prescribed by all doctors and used in the leading hospitals as the only absolute cure for all forms of disease of the kidney, liver and bladder.

TRIAL BOTTLE FREE.

To convince every sufferer from disease of the kidney, liver, bladder and blood that Warner's Safe Cure will cure them a trial bottle will be sent absolutely free to anyone who will write Warner's Safe Cure Co., Rochester, N.Y., and mention having seen this liberal offer in The Republican. The genuineness of this offer is fully guaranteed by the publisher. Our doctor will send medical booklet, containing symptoms and treatment of each disease, and many convincing testimonials, free, to anyone who will write.

CHURCHES

THEOSOPHY Sunday at 3 p.m. at No. 8 Nicholson block. A. F. Knudsen, F.T.S., will speak on "Mental Slavery." Inquirers welcome. Seats free.

RETHANY CHAPEL Corner Alta and Desert streets. Services tomorrow as follows: Prayer meeting at 3 p.m.; preaching by the pastor, Rev. H. B. Mayo, at 7 p.m. All are cordially invited to attend.

FIRST M.E. CHURCH The morning service will be a women's foreign missionary meeting, addressed by Mrs. Curtis, a returned missionary from Malaysia. In the evening the pastor will preach, his theme being "Some Lessons from the Life of Peter."

FREE METHODIST CHURCH Corner Fifth and Adams streets. Sunday services as follows: Sunday school at 10 a.m., Miss Lydia Penrce, superintendent; preaching at 11 a.m., followed by class meeting; praise service at 7 p.m.; preaching at 7:30. Miss Ada Pearce, pastor.

FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH Corner Adams street and Third avenue. Services tomorrow as follows: Sunday school at 9:45 a.m.; preaching by the pastor, Rev. Lapsley A. McAfee, at 11 a.m. and 7:30 p.m.; communion and reception of members in connection with the 11 o'clock service; Intermediate Endeavor at 3 p.m.; Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p.m. A cordial invitation is extended to all.

FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH Second avenue and Jefferson street. Lewis Halsey, D.D., pastor. Public worship at 11 a.m. and 7:30 p.m.; Bible school at 9:45 a.m.; Junior union at 3 p.m.; B.Y.P.U. at 5:30 p.m., leader, Miss Mary

Ladies' Fast Black Hose, full regular made, all sizes, cur leader, this week for, a pair 15c

Not more than 6 pair to one purchaser. Sheets, hemmed, full size, made of good muslin, perfect goods, this week's price, each 45c

Pillow Cases, good size, made of heavy muslin, this week's price, each 20c

Mr. Moses C. Thompson, one of the best known police officers of Boston, says Warner's Safe Cure cured him of diabetes and rheumatism eighteen years ago and has kept him in good health ever since.

Boston, Mass.

Eighteen years' experience with Warner's Safe Cure ought to satisfy anyone. About eighteen years ago I was completely cured in four months of diabetes and rheumatism which had a pretty strong hold on me. I had suffered everything. The doctors had almost given me up. My faith in Warner's Safe Cure has grown stronger since that time as I know a number of the members of the Boston police force who had suffered from kidney, bladder trouble and rheumatism have been entirely cured and are well and robust men today. In fact, every one that I have advised to use Warner's Safe Cure

23 K. P., Station 1, Boylston St., August 1, 1902.

TEST YOUR KIDNEYS. Put some morning urine in a glass or bottle, let it stand 24 hours; if there is a reddish sediment in the bottom of the glass, or if the urine is cloudy or milky, or if you see particles of germs floating about in it, your kidneys are diseased and you should get a bottle of Warner's Safe Cure at once.

WARNER'S SAFE CURE is purely vegetable and contains no harmful drugs; it does not constipate; it is a most valuable and effective tonic; it is a stimulant to digestion and awakens the torpid liver, putting the patient into the very best receptive state for the work of

E. Halsey. Topic, "Inasmuch." Pastor's morning theme: "The Evangelization of the World In this Generation." Evening topic, third in series of "Heroes of Faith:" "David, the Man After God's Own Heart." Special music by the choir. Solo by Miss Gussie Russell. A cordial welcome to all.

M.E. CHURCH SOUTH Center and Monroe streets. R. A. Rowland, pastor. Sabbath school at 9:45 a.m., Dr. H. A. Hughes, superintendent; preaching at 11 a.m. and 7:30 p.m. by the pastor. Subjects: Morning, "The Church, the Lamb's Bride;" evening, "Preaching Christ Crucified." Junior league at 3 p.m., Mrs. A. D. Alsap, superintendent; Epworth league, 6:30 p.m., leader, Miss Maggie Wilson. Subject, "Inasmuch." A cordial invitation to all.

Table Cloth, 54 inches wide, heavy quality, half bleached, this week, yard 35c

Ginghams, seasonable, fresh goods, elegant patterns. To appreciate it; to see it. A great variety of colorings; this week's price, yard 15c

DON'T FORGET THAT WE MAKE TO ORDER SKIRTS AND RIDING HABITS AT ONE-HALF THE PRICE.

Store

WHEATINE

All reliable grocers

Columbus Buggy Co.