THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN

PHOENIX, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 2, 1899.

CHARLES B. BOOTHE & CO.
MINING and MILLING MACHINERY
RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.

Lines and Mining

THE LONE STAR DISTRICT.
Mr. C. G. Blom of Safford was in Solomonville Wednesday. Mr. Blom is one of the pioneers of the Lone Star mining district, having first located claims there away back in 1883, says the Bulletin.
Recently Mr. Blom has been at work on the Houston mine and his sons have been at work as lessees on the Laurel mine. Both the Houston and Laurel mines are owned by Mr. Peter Anderson and Mr. Blom.
Mr. Blom alone took from an open cut on the Houston mine seventeen tons of ore which, after paying freight and smelter charges, netted him $467, which was for six weeks' work. The ledge on this mine is four to five feet wide and the ore vein is inclined to be pockety, running all the way from four inches to two feet in thickness.
Mr. Blom's sons shipped a little more than three tons of ore from the Laurel mine and received for it a net return of $286.
Both of these lots of ore went in the same car, in all about twenty tons, which gave a total net return of over $750.
The Houston mine has a shaft sixty feet deep, besides the open cut from which the shipping ore was taken.
The ore from the Laurel mine was taken from a tunnel or drift.
Thus it will be seen that the Lone Star district continues to prove as rich whenever development work is going on. There are many promising claims in the district showing small veins or very much ore, and miners all agree that the general formation of the country indicates that large bodies of ore will be encountered whenever development work is carried down to the water level.
Mining men who are seeking copper properties could make no safer investment than to develop claims in the Lone Star district, which will no doubt become an important producing district when deep development is made.

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
THE ANGLO-AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT COMPANY

Know All Men by These Presents:
That we, C. F. Ainsworth, Louis C. Masten and W. T. Hutchinson, residents of Phoenix, Maricopa County, Arizona Territory, H. William Stevens, a resident of Wickenburg, Maricopa County, Arizona Territory, and F. I. Kendall, a resident of Oakland, Alameda County, California, desiring to incorporate under the laws of the Territory of Arizona, do adopt, sign, and acknowledge as prescribed by law these articles of incorporation.

ARTICLE I.
That the names of the incorporators of this corporation are C. F. Ainsworth, F. I. Kendall, Louis C. Masten, W. T. Hutchinson, and H. William Stevens.

ARTICLE II.
The name assumed by this corporation, and by which it shall be known, and under which it shall hold its property and transact all its business, is The Anglo-American Development Company.
The main office of such corporation shall be in the City of Phoenix, Maricopa County, Arizona Territory, and branch offices may be established at such other places as its board of directors may desire and determine, and that at such branch offices it may also hold meetings of stockholders and directors and transact any and all business in the same manner as at the designated office.
The time of the commencement of this corporation shall be from the date of the filing of these articles in the office of the county recorder of Maricopa County, Arizona, and the termination thereof, twenty-five years from that date.

ARTICLE III.
The purposes and business for which this corporation is formed, is the acquisition by purchase, bond, lease or otherwise of mineral or other properties. The development and sale, leasing, mining, milling, improving or otherwise working or disposing of any properties, real or personal, that it may acquire in any way. The purchase and sale or dealing in real, personal or mixed property of any kind or character, including the owning of stock in other corporations, and in general to transact and do any and all things connected to and consistent with the proper prosecution of all the purposes as herein set forth.

ARTICLE IV.
The amount of capital stock of this corporation shall be One Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,500,000.00), divided into fifteen thousand shares of the par value of one hundred dollars ($100.00) each, to be paid in cash or property from time to time as subscriptions shall be made for the same; and no stock shall be issued until fully paid, and the same shall be non-assessable thereafter.

ARTICLE V.
The maximum indebtedness of any kind which this corporation shall be authorized to incur at any time, or for which it can be made liable, is the sum of Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00).

WHEN YOU RIDE YOUR WHEEL
Always shake into your shoes Allen's Foot Ease, a powder for the feet. It keeps your feet cool, prevents sweating feet, and makes your endurance ten-fold greater. Over one million wheel people are using Allen's Foot-Ease. They all praise it. It gives rest and comfort to smarting, hot, swollen, aching feet, and is a certain cure for ingrowing nails. At all druggists and shoe stores. Sample FREE by mail. Address, Allen S. Olmsted & Co., N.Y.

ARTICLE VI.
The stockholders of this corporation and their private property shall be at all times exempt from the corporate debts of this corporation.

ARTICLE VII.
The affairs of this corporation shall be conducted by a board of directors, composed of not less than three nor more than seven persons, who shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders of this corporation, to be held at the office of the Company in Phoenix, Arizona, on the second Monday in January in each year, and shall hold office until their successors are elected and qualified.
The officers of this corporation shall be a President, Vice-President, Secretary and Treasurer, who shall be elected annually from among the board of directors at a meeting thereof to be held immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholders.
The Secretary and Treasurer may be one and the same person. Any meeting of the directors at which a quorum shall be present, shall be deemed a legal meeting, and their acts shall have the same force and effect as though passed by a full board, whether the absent members of the board had notice of the meeting or not. The president shall be the executive officer of the corporation and sign all conveyances, checks, contracts, and other instruments, and in his absence or inability to act, the vice-president shall perform his duties.
The following named persons who are subscribers to the capital stock of this corporation shall be its officers and directors until their successors are elected and qualified:
C. F. Ainsworth, President and Director.
F. I. Kendall, Vice-President and Director.
Louis C. Masten, Secretary-Treasurer and Director.
H. William Stevens, Director.
W. T. Hutchinson, Director.

ARTICLE VIII.
All vacancies that may occur in the board of directors shall be filled until the next annual election, by the members of the board of directors remaining in office.
The board of directors of the corporation may appoint such committee or committees, or such business manager or managers, to assist in the management of the business of this corporation, as they may deem expedient, and vest in such managers or committees, such powers as the board of directors may deem best.

HAVING just received a delayed shipment of HOSIERY,
large stock of these goods. Notice the prices quoted below, and then come and see the goods advertised.

LADIES' VESTS Sleeveless, ribbed, in white only. Regular price 12½c. Sale price, each 7½c.
LADIES' VESTS Sleeveless, ribbed, in white or ecru, taped neck and sleeves, well worth 20c. each. Sale price, each 15c.
LADIES' VESTS Swiss, ribbed, extra fine quality, white or ecru silk, taped neck and sleeves, the 25c quality, each 18c.
LADIES' VESTS High neck and long sleeves, fine gauze and well finished, worth 35c. Sale price, each 25c.
LADIES' VESTS High or low neck, long or short sleeves, in ecru or white, well worth 35c. to 50c. Sale price, each ...

Corner Washington and Second.

ARTICLE IX.
No person shall be eligible to the office of director in this corporation unless he is a stockholder at least thirty days previous to the date of his election, and any director or officer ceasing to be a stockholder shall thereupon cease to be a director or officer in the corporation.
As soon as practicable after the filing of these articles of incorporation in the office of the county recorder of Maricopa County, Arizona Territory, the persons hereinbefore named as directors shall meet and adopt by-laws, and at any regularly prescribed meeting of board of directors, they may make such rules and regulations as they may deem necessary for the proper management of this corporation and its affairs consistent with these articles of incorporation, and in accordance with the laws of the United States and the laws of the Territory of Arizona.

ARTICLE X.
The articles of incorporation may be amended at any annual meeting of the shareholders or any special meeting thereof, called for the purpose by two thirds of the stock represented at such meeting, either in person or by proxy, voting in favor of such amendment proposed, and whenever any amendment of these articles of incorporation shall be made, the same shall be signed and acknowledged by the president of the corporation, and shall have the same force and virtue as those signed by all the subscribers.
In Witness Whereof we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 25th day of March, A. D., 1899.
C. F. AINSWORTH. (seal)
F. I. KENDALL. (seal)
LOUIS C. MASTEN. (seal)
H. WM. STEVENS. (seal)
WM. T. HUTCHINSON, (seal)
State of California, City and County of San Francisco, ss.
On this 29th day of March, in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety nine, before me, A. J. Henry, a notary public, to and for the city and county of San Francisco, personally appeared F. I. Kendall, known to me to be the person whose name is subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged that he executed the same.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my office in the City and County of San Francisco, the day and year in this certificate first above written.
A. J. HENRY.

Territory of Arizona, County of Maricopa, ss.
Before me, M. P. Hutchinson, a notary public in and for the said county and territory, on this day personally appeared C. F. Ainsworth, Louis C. Masten, W. T. Hutchinson and H. Wm. Stevens, known to me to be the persons who signed the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes therein mentioned.
(seal) M. P. HUTCHINSON,
Notary Public.
County Recorder.
Territory of Arizona, County of Maricopa. I, county recorder on and for the county and territory aforesaid, do further certify that the within instrument was duly filed for record at 3:15 o'clock p.m. on the 3d day of April, 1899, and recorded in book No. 11, of Miscellaneous Records of Maricopa, Arizona, at pages 209-210-211-12.
Witness my hand and official seal the day and year above written,
(seal) F. W. SHERIDAN,
County Recorder.

WELL DRILLING..
ALBERT J. STRAW
PEORIA. - ARIZONA.

JAMES O'CONNOR,
BRICK CONTRACTOR
Estimates given on all kinds of brick work. Jobbing a specialty.
Box 25. City.

GILBERT D. GRAY
Notary Public, Pension Agent
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE
No. 30 South Second Ave. Phoenix.

The Adams Shaving Parlor
HOTEL ADAMS, PHOENIX.
J. W. BOLTON, Prop. F. P. POLK, Foreman.

AN UP-TO-DATE SHOP . . .
THREE EXPERT WORKMEN
Only Regular Prices Charged. Everything in our Parlor a specialty.

GARDEN CITY RESTAURANT
THE OLDEST IN THE CITY.
Enjoys the best standing with trade men. Buys everything at spot cash price and gives the Best 25c Meal.
TUCK HING & CO.
K and 14 Washington St., east of Jacob's Co. Private rooms for families. Tickets. Meals 50c: Single meals 25c.

PHOENIX FOUNDRY and MACHINE WORKS
23 to 27 North Second Street.
N. P. McCALLUM, Proprietor.
Machinery, Supplies and Castings.
Machinery of all Kinds Built and Repaired.

MORMON BISHOPS' PILLS have been in use for many years by the leaders of the Mormon Church and their followers. Positively cures the worst cases in old and young arising from effects of self-abuse, dissipation, excesses, or cigarette smoking. Cures Lost Vitality, Impotency, Lost Power, Mental Debility, Seminal Weakness, Spermatorrhea, Insomnia, Pains in Back, Evil Effects, Seminal Emissions, Nervousness, Loss of Memory, Want of Ambition, Loss of Manly Power, Varicocele, or Constipation. Effects are immediate, impart vigor and potency to every vital function. Don't get despondent, a cure is at hand. Restores small, undeveloped sexual organs. Stimulates the brain and nerve centers. 50c. a box, $3 for by mail. A written guarantee to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address, BISHOP REMEDY CO., San Francisco, Cal.
For sale by DR. G. H. KEEFER, Druggist, Phoenix, Arizona.

LADIES' HOSE In black or brown, fast colors. Worth 12c. per pair. Sale price per pair 7½c.
LADIES' HOSE Drop Stitch, in black or brown, well made and good colors, well worth 15c. a pair. Sale price per pair 10c.
LADIES' HOSE The Celebrated Honest Half-Dollar Hose, made of a fine Maco thread, silk finished, seamless, guaranteed fast color. They are put up four pair in a box, and we have marked them at 50c. a box. The regular price of this hose is 25c. per pair.
LADIES' HOSE In silk finish, or lisle plain or drop stitch, in all colors, fine quality. Regular price 35c. Sale price per pair ...

STEAM DYE AND
STEAM CLEANING WORKS.
SUIT CLEANED AND PRESSED...
AND PRESSED..
PANTS CLEANED
AND PRESSED.....
Kid Gloves, Silks, etc., Dry Cleaned.

E. A. ROSS, Proprietor
31 South First Avenue.

Grand Avenue
Corral
and
Horse Market
Mountain rigs, nice Driving rigs for city use, comfortable phaetons, saddle ponies for rent by the day or month at reasonable rates.
J. W. AMBROSE.

Now has six first-class artists employed.
Give us a call and be convinced. Opposite the opera house. Hot and cold baths 25 cents.

DR. HARRISON & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
We treat and cure Nervous Debility, Partial or Complete Loss of Vital Power, Unnatural Drains, Premature Weakness, Contracted Ailments, including Contagious Blood Poison and Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder and Results of Badly Treated Cases.
We positively GUARANTEE to cure PILES, RUPTURE or VARICOCELE in one week.
We will examine you, tell you in detail what your disease is, explain our treatment, give you full satisfaction in every way absolutely FREE of charge; you can then think over the matter intelligently. NO MONEY required before cure is effected.
Room 213 Nolan & Smith Block.
Corner Second and Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
Private entrance on Second street.

THE M. AND G. CO.
351-353 N. Main Street, Los Angeles, Cal.
Mining Machinery Supplies....

"OIL CITY"
BOILERS AND ENGINES.
"BATES"
CORLISS ENGINES.

Crushers, rolls, Ore Buckets, Whims.
HOISTING ENGINES. Geared and Friction.

THE MACHINERY AND
FOUNDRY AND MACHINE SHOP.
MOSES HUGHES, Prop.

"SNOW"
MINE PUMPS.
STAMP MILLS
STANDARD ELECTRICAL COMPANY
MACHINE SHOP.
P. O. BOX 458.
TELEPHONE 87.

SHOWERING COMPLIMENTS
ON THE BEAUTY
of a new style phaeton or buggy, trap, cart, surrey what your friends are sure to do if you choose one of the superb vehicles that we are showing in our stock of up-to-date carriages. They are all beauties, and made with all the latest improvements, and in the handsomest designs.
H. E. KEMP
HARDWARE CO.

CHILDREN'S HOSE-Heavy ribbed, double knee, in black or tan; sizes from 5 to 9; the 20c quality. Per pair ...
CHILDREN'S HOSE-Bicycle, ribbed, in fast colors, black or tan, seamless, in all sizes. Well worth 25c. Sale price per pair ...
CHILDREN'S HOSE A fine two-thread Maco, knee and sole, guaranteed fast color, nice and light, well worth 25c. Sale price per pair ...
CHILDREN'S HOSE Hermsdorfs close ribbed, double knee, in black or tan, all sizes. Well worth 30c. per pair. Sale price per pair ...

GARDEN CITY RESTAURANT
and
HOTEL ADAMS PARLOR
Opposite Opera House.