THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: WEDNESDAY MORNING, JULY 15, 1902.

NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS.
Notice is hereby given that the annual
meeting of stockholders of the Barretopa
Phoenix & Salt River Valley Railroad Company,
will be held at the office of the Company, room No. 3 in the Crocker Building, San
Francisco, California, on Tuesday the 21st day
of January, 1902, at 2:00 o'clock, p. m., for the
purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may properly
come before the meeting.
F. I. KENDALL, Secretary.
San Francisco, December 24th, 1901.

NOTICE TO EDITORS.
Estate of Lawrence S. Hough, De
ceased. Notice is hereby given by the under
signed, Honora L. Hough, executrix of
the estate of Lawrence S. Hough, de
ceased, to the creditors of and all persons having claims against the said
deceased to exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers, within four months after the first publication of this notice
to the said Honora L. Hough at 110
North Center street, in the city of
Phoenix, county of Maricopa, Arizona,
the same being the place for the transaction of the business of said estate, in
said county of Maricopa.
HONORA L. HOUGH,
Executrix of Lawrence S. Hough,
Deceased.
Dated at Phoenix this 1st day of December, 1901.
Bids for construction of two school
houses to be erected in the city of Phoenix
will be received until 10 o'clock,
February 1, 1902. Bids to be filed with
clerk of board, H. Robinson, 102
West Adams St., Phoenix. Plans and
specifications may be seen at the office
of H. P. DeMund, 147 S. Fourth Ave.
B. A. FICKAS.
President of Board.
H. P. DeMUND.
W. H. ROBINSON.

SUMMONS.
In the District Court of the Third Judicial
District, Territory of Arizona,
in and for Maricopa County.
M. Ellis Percival, Plaintiff,
vs.
Walter J. Percival, Defendant.
Action brought in the District Court
of the Third Judicial District of the
Territory of Arizona, in and for Maricopa
County, and the complaint filed in
said Maricopa County, in the office of
the clerk of said District Court.
In the Name of the Territory of Arizona, to Walter J. Percival, Defendant, Greeting:
You are hereby summoned and required to appear in an action brought
against you by the above-named plaintiff in the District Court of the Third
Judicial District of the Territory of
Arizona, in and for the County of Maricopa, and answer to the complaint
therein filed with the clerk of said
court, at Phoenix, in said county, within
twenty days after the service upon
you of this summons. If served in this
said county, or in all other cases within
thirty days thereafter, the times above
mentioned being exclusive of the day
of service, or judgment by default will
be taken against you.
Given under my hand and the seal of
the District Court of the Third Judicial
District of the Territory of Arizona, in
and for Maricopa County, this 16th day
of December, A. D. 1901.
(Seal.) W. C. FOSTER,
Clerk of said District Court.

SHERIFF'S SALE.
In the District Court of the Third Judicial
District of the Territory of Arizona, in and
for the County of Maricopa. T. W. Chamberlain, Plaintiff,
vs.
Gold Lode Company, a Corporation,
Defendant.
Under and by virtue of an execution
and order of sale issued out of the District
Court of the Third Judicial District of the
Territory of Arizona, in and for the County of Maricopa, on the 7th
day of January, 1902, and to me, as
sheriff, duly directed and delivered on
the judgment rendered in said court in
the above-entitled action on the 11th
day of November, 1901; and whereas, by
the terms of said judgment the plaintiff, T. W. Chamberlain, recovered
judgment against the defendant, Gold
Lode Company, for the sum of sixty-
eight and 95/100 ($68.95) dollars, and for
interest on the same to the date of
judgment the sum of two and 39/100
($2.39) dollars, and for costs and dis
bursements the sum of twenty-three
and 35/100 ($23.35) dollars, making in all
the sum of ninety-four and 69/100
($94.69) dollars, together with a judgment for the foreclosure of plaintiff's
lien on the following described property, situated in Maricopa County, Arizona Territory, to-wit:
The Fawn Mining Claim, the location
notice of which is recorded in Book 10
of Mining Claims on page 277;
The Jack Rabbit Mining Claim, the
location notice of which is recorded in
Book 9 of Mining Claims on page 206;
The Old Bob Mining Claim, the location
notice of which is recorded in Book
9 of Mining Claims on page 205;
The Lilly May Mining Claim, the location
notice of which is recorded in
Book 9 of Mining Claims on page 188;
The Apache Mining Claim, the location
notice of which is recorded in Book
9 of Mining Claims on page 609;
All of said mining claims being situated
in the Cave Creek Mining District,
in said Maricopa County, and all the
records thereof being in the recorder's
office of said Maricopa County, which
said records are hereby referred to and
incorporated herein for a more complete and particular description of
said claims, as said lien existed on
the 30th day of September, 1901, and
that said property be sold as under execution in satisfaction of said judgment
and that the said defendant Gold Lode
Company be forever barred and fore
closed of all its right, title, interest and
claim in and to said property, or any
part thereof, except the right of re
demption from said sale prior to the
execution of the sheriff's deed thereto.
Public notice is hereby given that I
will, at the courthouse door of the said
County of Maricopa, at the hour of 10
o'clock a. m., on Thursday, the 30th
day of January, 1902, sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder, for
cash in lawful money of the United
States of America, all the right,
title, claim and interest of the
above-named defendant in, of
or to the above-described property, or
so much thereof as may be
necessary to satisfy said judgment and
costs of suit and all accruing costs.
SAMUEL STOUT.
Sheriff.
Dated at Phoenix, Arizona, this 7th
day of January, 1902.

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF THE
INGLENOOK MINING COMPANY.
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS: That we, the undersigned, have this day associated ourselves together for the purpose of
forming a corporation under the laws
of the Territory of Arizona and we
hereby agree to acknowledge the following articles of Incorporation, to-wit:
Article I. The names of the incorporators are Jesse E. Carter, Earl L. Bullion, George N. Baker, Herman E.
Gerdes and Lemuel J. Gerdes.
Article II. The name of this corporation is The Inglenook Mining Company.
Article III. The principal place at
which the business of this corporation
shall be transacted is the city of Phoenix, in the county of Maricopa, in the
territory of Arizona.
Article IV. The general nature of
the business proposed to be transacted
by this corporation is a general mining,
milling, smelting and reduction business: to purchase, lease, bond, locate
or otherwise acquire, own, exchange,
sell or otherwise dispose of real estate
and any and all kinds of personal property, mines, mining claims, oil lands,
mineral lands, oil, gas, asphaltum, petroleum, water, water-rights, mill-sites
and machinery; and to work, mine, explore and develop the same; to do a
general real estate, manufacturing and
mercantile business; to own, handle
and control letters patent, inventions
and shares of capital stock of other
corporations; to borrow money and
execute notes, bonds, mortgages or
deeds of trust to secure the same; and
to exercise in respect to all such notes,
bonds, mortgages, deeds of trust,
shares of capital stock and other securities and obligations, any and all
rights, powers and privileges of individual owners thereof, including the
right to vote upon any and all shares
of capital stock held by it, to the same
extent that a natural person might or
could do; and in general to do all
things necessary to the proper conduct
of the business of this corporation in
the territory of Arizona, not inconsistent with the laws of the United States
and the territory of Arizona.
Article V. The capital stock of this
corporation shall be three million dollars ($3,000,000), divided into three million (3,000,000) shares of the par value
of one dollar ($1.00) each. Said shares
to be issued fully paid and non-assessable. Such capital stock or any part
thereof, may be issued in payment for
property, rights or interests of any
kind or nature, purchased or otherwise
acquired, and shall be issued in payment therefor upon such terms as the
board of directors of the corporation
shall determine, and in the absence of
actual fraud, the judgment of the directors as to the value of the property,
rights or interests, purchased or otherwise acquired shall be conclusive.
Article VI. The time of commencement of this corporation shall be from
the date of the filing of these articles
of Incorporation in the office of the Secretary of the territory of Arizona, and
the termination thereof shall be
ninety-five years thereafter.
Article VII. The management and
control of the business, property and
affairs of the corporation shall be
vested in and conducted by a board of
not less than three nor more than five
directors. The directors shall be elected annually, the first Monday in January.
Article VIII. The officers of this corporation shall be a president, a vice
president, a secretary, a treasurer and
such other officers and agents as the
board of directors may deem necessary
for the proper transaction of its business. The president and the vice
president of this corporation shall be
members of the board of directors. The
secretary, the treasurer and all members of the board of directors shall be
stockholders of this corporation.
Article IX. The highest amount of
indebtedness or liability, direct or contingent, to which this corporation is at
any time subject shall be one million
dollars ($1,000,000).
Article X. The private property of
the stockholders of this corporation
shall be exempt from corporate debts
of any kind whatsoever.
Article XI. The board of directors of
this corporation shall have power to
establish by-laws and make all rules
and regulations deemed expedient for
the management of the affairs of this
corporation. Said by-laws, rules and
regulations not to be inconsistent with
the laws of the United States and the
territory of Arizona.
Article XII. These articles of incorporation may be altered and amended
at any regular meeting called expressly
for that purpose, by the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least two
thirds of the capital stock of this corporation. In witness whereof we have hereunto
set our hands and seals, this the 6th
day of January, A. D. 1902.
JESSE E. CARTER. (Seal.)
HERMAN E. GERDES. (Seal.)
EARL L. BULLION. (Seal.)
GEORGE N. BAKER. (Seal.)
L. J. GERDES. (Seal.)
Territory of Arizona, County of Maricopa, ss.
Before me, J. Ernest Walker, a Notary Public, in the county of Maricopa,
Territory of Arizona, on this day personally appeared Jesse E. Carter, Herman E. Gerdes, Earl L. Bullion, George
N. Baker, L. J. Gerdes, known to me to
be the persons whose names are subscribed to the foregoing instrument,
and acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes and
consideration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of office this 7th day of January, A. D. 1902.
(Notary Seal.)
J. ERNEST WALKER.
Notary Public.
My commission expires April 16, 1905.
Territory of Arizona, County of Maricopa, ss.
I. B. F. McFall, County Recorder in
and for the County and Territory
aforesaid, hereby certify that I have
compared the foregoing copy with the
original Articles of Incorporation of
The Inglenook Mining Company, filed
and recorded in my office on the 7th
day of January, 1902, in book No. 8 of
Incorporations at page , and that
the same is a full, true and correct
copy of such original and of the whole
thereof.
Witness my hand and seal of office
this 7th day of January, 1902.
(Seal.) B. F. McFALL.
County Recorder.
By A. S. ARTHUR. Deputy.
Filed in the office of the Secretary of
the Territory of Arizona this 9th day of
January, A. D. 1902, at 2:10 p. m.
ISAAC T. STODDARD.
Secretary of Arizona.
First publication January 13.

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF THE
CHAS. V. EADES MANUFACTURING CO.

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS: That we, the undersigned, have this day voluntarily associated ourselves together for the purpose of forming and becoming a corporation under and by virtue of the statutes and laws of the Territory of Arizona, and in that behalf and to that end we do hereby adopt and duly execute the following Articles of Incorporation, and do hereby certify and declare as follows:
First. That the name of said corporation shall be
"CHAS. V. EADES MANUFACTURING CO."
Second. That the purposes for which
it is formed are to acquire oil-bearing
lands by purchase or lease, drill wells
thereon, and produce crude petroleum
and other mineral substances, and sell,
refine and store the same and to generally deal in crude and refined petroleum and its kindred by-products, and as well construct, manage and own oil
tanks and pipe lines for the storage,
sale or delivery of the same.
To acquire, purchase, own, hold, improve, cultivate, sell, lease and generally deal in real and personal property of every kind.
To buy, sell and generally deal in all
kinds of public and private stocks,
bonds, securities, cattle, horses, livestock, and as well all other kinds of
personal property and deal in the capital stock and bonds of other corporations; to issue stock, certificates, notes,
bonds, mortgages, or other evidence of
indebtedness, and to dispose of the
same for the benefit of the corporation.
To explore for, discover, buy, or otherwise acquire or own water and water
rights and privileges for use or for sale
or for irrigation, mining, domestic or
power purposes;
To issue bonds or certificates of indebtedness, and to buy, sell and deal
in the same;
To create, generate, use and sell electrical power for manufacturing, mechanical or motive purposes;
To locate, construct, purchase or
otherwise acquire and to use ditches,
aqueducts, pipe-lines, tunnels, wells
and other appliances and property for
or in connection with the above or
other purposes incidental thereto, and
as well to sell the same or to acquire others whenever business necessities may require.
To develop, own or acquire water,
water-rights and privileges (including
canals, aqueducts, flumes, ditches and
pipe lines for connecting same) for sale
to, or for the use of the inhabitants of
any county, village, town, irrigation
district or farming neighborhood for
any of the foregoing purposes, and as
well to furnish the same or either of
them with electricity and electrical
power for illuminating, motive, mechanical, manufacturing and other
purposes;
To lay out towns and town sites and
to carry on and conduct any and all
business, and do all acts and things
that may be necessary for the development, growth, improvement or to promote the fostering of the welfare of the
same;
To generally acquire, own, use, sell or
otherwise dispose of, and as well deal
in all kinds of property, and to carry
on any kind of business that may be
necessary or incidental to the carrying
out of each or any of the foregoing
purposes:
To build, equip and operate paper
mills and other factories, incidental to
the purposes of the corporation: to buy
and sell, hold or control other companies in the same line of business, or
stock in such corporations: to manufacture roofing material, roofing felts
and similar products incidental to the
roofing business: to lay bituminous
pavements in towns and cities, and to
purchase all and necessary equipment
therefor: to operate, own or lease, and
thereby operate tank cars for the
handling of products, and generally to
do all similar and necessary acts to
carry out the general purposes of this
corporation.
Third. That the place where the
principal business of this corporation
shall be transacted is Phoenix, Maricopa County, Territory of Arizona, and
that it shall have branch offices in the
City and County of Los Angeles, State
of California; Chicago, County of Cook,
State of Illinois, and at such other
places as the Board of Directors may
hereafter designate, for the purpose of
holding meetings of the Directors and
Stockholders, the issuance of stocks,
bonds and mortgages, the occupancy of
offices and the general transaction of
business.
Fourth. That the term for which
said corporation shall exist shall be
twenty-five (25) years from and after
the date of its incorporation.
Fifth. That the number of directors
of said corporation shall be seven, and
that the names and residences of directors who are appointed for the first
year and to serve until the election and
qualification of their successors, are as
follows:
Names. Whose Residence Is at
A. C. Easton. Los Angeles, Cal.
E. H. Groenendyke. Los Angeles, Cal.
F. A. Nance. Los Angeles, Cal.
J. P. Stocksdale. Los Angeles, Cal.
C. S. Mann. Los Angeles, Cal.
T. J. Magner. Los Angeles, Cal.
Geo. Easton. Los Angeles, Cal.
Sixth. That the amount of capital
stock of said corporation is Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) and
the number of shares into which it is
divided is Five Hundred Thousand
(500,000) of the par value of One Dollar
per share. That the highest amount of
indebtedness, direct or contingent, to
which this corporation shall subject itself is Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000).
Seventh. That the amount of capital
stock which has been actually subscribed is Seven Hundred Dollars ($700)
and the following are the names of the
persons by whom the same has been
subscribed, to-wit:
Names of Subscribers. No. Shares. Amt.
A. C. Easton 100 $100.00
E. H. Groenendyke 100 100.00
F. A. Nance 100 100.00
J. P. Stocksdale 100 100.00
C. S. Mann 100 100.00
T. J. Magner 100 100.00
Geo. Easton 100 100.00
Eighth. That the private property of
the stockholders of said corporation is
to be exempt from any and all liability
for corporate debts of said corporation
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands and seals, this
7th day of January, A. D., 1902.
A. C. EASTON. (Seal.)
E. H. GROENENDYKE. (Seal.)
F. A. NANCE. (Seal.)
J. P. STOCKSDALE. (Seal.)
C. S. MANN. (Seal.)
T. J. MAGNER. (Seal.)
GEO. EASTON. (Seal.)
State of California, County of Los Angeles, ss.
On this 7th day of January, in the
year of our Lord one thousand nine
hundred and two, before me, Caroline
Welte, a Notary Public in and for said
County of Los Angeles, State of California, residing therein, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared A. C. Easton, E. H. Groenendyke, F. A. Nance, J. P. Stocksdale, C. S. Mann, T. J. Magner, and Geo. Easton, personally known to me to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the foregoing instrument and they acknowledged to me that they executed the same.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have
hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal the day and year in this
certificate first above written.
(Seal.) CAROLINE WELTE,
Notary Public in and for Los Angeles County, State of
California.
First publication January 12.

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF THE
"DIXIE IRRIGATION COMPANY."
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS: That we, whose hands
are hereunto affixed, do hereby associate ourselves together for the purpose
of forming a corporation under the
laws of the Territory of Arizona, and
to that end make the following statement. First:
The names of the incorporators are:
Simon C. Witmer, Clell Q. Thorpe,
Herbert M. Vanzwell, and the name of
the corporation shall be the Dixie Irrigation Company. The principal place
in which the business of said corporation within the Territory of Arizona is
to be transacted is Phoenix, Maricopa
County, Arizona, and the principal
place of business of said corporation
outside of the Territory of Arizona
shall be the city of Chicago, in the
State of Illinois, or such other place as
the Board of Directors may by resolution direct.
Second:
The general nature of the business
proposed to be transacted by this corporation is as follows, to-wit:
To purchase, lease, bond, locate or
otherwise acquire, own, exchange, sell
or otherwise dispose of, pledge, mortgage, hypothecate and deal in water
and water rights, irrigation properties
of all natures whatsoever, and to engage in all business incident thereto,
miner, mining claims, oil lands, mineral
lands, oil, gas, asphaltum, petroleum
and to work, mine, explore and develop
the same: to do a general real estate
and mercantile business; to own, handle and control letters patent and inventions: to borrow money and execute
mortgages or deeds of trust to secure
the same, and in general to do all
things necessary to the proper conduct
of the business of this corporation in
the territory and elsewhere; not inconsistent with the laws of the United
States and the Territory of Arizona.
Third:
The authorized amount of capital
stock of this corporation shall be one
million dollars ($1,000,000) divided into
one hundred thousand shares of the
par value of ten dollars ($10) each. At
such times as the board of directors
may by resolution direct, said capital
stock shall be paid into the corporation either in cash or by the transfer to
of real or personal or mixed property for the uses and purposes of said
corporation. In payment for which
shares of the capital stock of said corporation may be issued, and the capital
stock so issued shall thereupon and
thereby become and be fully paid up
and non-assessable.
Fourth:
The time of the commencement of
this corporation shall be the date of the
filing of these articles of incorporation
in the office of the Secretary of Arizona, and the termination thereof shall
be twenty-five years thereafter.
Fifth:
The affairs of this corporation shall
be conducted by a board of three directors who shall be elected annually
by the stockholders of the corporation.
Sixth:
The highest amount of indebtedness
or liability, direct or contingent to
which this corporation is at any time
subject shall be six hundred thousand
dollars ($600,000).
Seventh:
The private property of the stock
holders of this corporation shall be exempt from corporate debts of any kind
whatsoever.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF we have
hereunto set our hands and seals this
1st day of December, 1901.
SIMON C. WITMER. (Seal)
CLELL Q. THORPE. (Seal)
HERBERT M. VANZWELL. (Seal)
State of Illinois, County of Cook, ss.
On this 31st day of December, in the
year 1901, before me, Francis A. Bear,
notary public in and for the State
and County aforesaid, residing therein,
duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared Simon C. Witmer, Clell
Q. Thorpe and Herbert M. Vanzwell,
known to me to be the persons whose
names are subscribed to and who executed the annexed instrument, and
they acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes and
considerations herein expressed.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have
hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal at my office in the said
State and County,
the day and year
last above written.
(Notary Seal.)
FRANCIS A. BEAR.
Notary Public.
My commission expires October 17th,
1904.
Territory of Arizona, County of Maricopa, ss.
I. B. F. McFall, County Recorder in
and for the County and Territory
aforesaid, hereby certify that I have
compared the foregoing copy with the
original articles of incorporation of the
Dixie Irrigation Company, filed and recorded in my office on the 7th day of
January, 1902, in Book No. 6 of Incorporations at Page , and that the
same is a full, true and correct copy of
such original and of the whole thereof.
WITNESS my hand and seal of office
this 7th day of January, 1902.
(Seal.) B. F. McFALL,
County Recorder.
By A. S. ARTHUR. Deputy.
Filed and recorded in the office of the
Secretary of the Territory of Arizona
this 6th day of January, A. D., 1902, at
2 p. m. ISAAC T. STODDARD.
Secretary of Arizona.
First publication January 12.

All
advertisements running for less time
than one month must be paid in advance.

FOR RENT
FOR RENT in the Anderson block,
one store room, all the second floor
and basement of the building. Situated at the northwest corner of
Washington and First streets. For full
information apply to L. E. Hewins,
No. 42 East Adams street, Phoenix.
FOR RENT Eighty-acre place, mostly
in alfalfa; well fenced. Attractive
small house with good shade. Two
miles from Glendale. Right party can
secure place at a very reasonable
figure. Dwight B. Heard, corner Center and Adams streets.
FOR RENT Furnished house of three
rooms, neat and clean: close in. Apply to E. E. Prowell, 230 S. First Ave.
FOR RENT A 15-acre ranch, 4-room
brick house, ½ mile north of Glendale. Enquire Walter Lund, Glendale.
FOR RENT Fine two-story brick
house, seven rooms; all conveniences;
nice yard; in best residence part of
the city. Will rent reasonable to responsible party; no invalids. Address
this office.
ROOMS FOR RENT
CAPITAL HOTEL Newly furnished
rooms, also furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
TWO neat furnished rooms for rent, $1
per week. Inquire of Wm. Limbrock,
214 E. Washington St.
FOR RENT Elegantly furnished
rooms. The Arcade, 32 S. Center St.
Free baths in connection. Furniture
new. No sick people taken.
HOTEL IRVING. 630 West Washington street. Newly furnished rooms;
reasonable. Telephone 2775.
NICE sunny rooms for housekeeping.
500 N. Third Ave.
FOR RENT Two nice sunny, furnished housekeeping rooms, 332 N.
Fifth St.
THE LELAND Adams street, opposite Hotel Adams. Invalids given
special attention. Housekeeping
privileges.
PRIVATE BOARDING
BOARD First class. Grant's ranch,
first house east of Indian school, five
minutes walk to street car. Shingle
roof canvas cottages. Also large room
for family.
COUNTRY BOARD with
services of
nurse. Cox, this office.
BOARDERS WANTED in nice country home. Inquire Fruit Stand, Post
office building.
ANOTHER new tent waiting for an occupant at Lee's ranch. Good home
cooking. Free ride to investigate. In
quire at J. V. Dorris grocery.
COUNTRY BOARD Persons desiring
first-class rooms and board can find
same at Rumney's ranch on Grand
avenue, 1½ miles from city. Mail delivered every morning. Free transportation to and from city daily.
Telephone 332.
FOR RENT Desirable rooms with
good board in private family. 332 N.
Fifth St.
SITUATIONS WANTED
SITUATION WANTED Housekeeper
or any position of trust, by English
woman with child: thoroughly competent: understands poultry raising
and dairy; good references. A. B. this
office.
WANTED A position as bookkeeper
for mining company; furnish my own
typewriter. Best of references. Box
907, Phoenix, Ariz.
WANTED Situation by first-class
Japanese cook and waiter. Call at
Bamboo store, 404 East Washington.
A STRONG BOY about 15 wishes to
learn a trade. Address M., this office.
HELP WANTED
WANTED Girl for general housework,
family of 3. Apply 562 N. First Ave.
WANTED Girl or woman for house
work in a small family. Call at 244
East Van Buren St.
ANY person who will distribute circulars for $3 daily should address Standard Co., 4 Wells, Chicago. Steady position. No canvassing.
WANTED A first-class cook: kitchen
and dining room work not expected
to wait on table. Communicate with
Mrs. Frank Murphy, Prescott, Ariz.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE One house tent, nearly
new. Also one jump seat surrey in
good order. J. C. Jackson, ½ mile
south of Phoenix park.
AUCTION Wednesday, Jan. 15, at 1:30
p. m., corner First Ave. and Washington St. Household goods, and a nice
lot, too. Dressers, iron beds, carpets,
chairs, rockers, etc. Hammond,
Auctioneer.
FOR SALE Holstein milch cow, also
calf. Golden Wing Ranch, McDowell
road, telephone 3731.
FOR SALE Well-matched span of fine
driving horses. Inquire of J. C. Watson, Buckeye Canal office.
GREAT DANE PUPS for sale. Inquire
of Walter Lund, Glendale.
FOR SALE A handsome gray saddle
pony. 312. Inquire at Dublin Corral.
East Jefferson, near Center St.
FOR SALE Horse, good driver and
saddler, price $75. Apply J. C. Watson, Buckeye Canal office.

REAL ESTATE
FOR RENT Furnished houses and
rooms.
FOR RENT Vacant houses.
FOR SALE Orange lands.
FOR SALE Ten-acre ranches and upwards. FOR SALE Vacant lots in most desirable parts of the city.
FOR SALE Homes on easy terms.
MONEY to loan at low rates of interest. Insurance placed in reliable
companies. Conveyancing done accurately. Anything and everything
in the real estate line.
J. ERNEST WALKER,
No. 16 South Second Avenue. Office
phone 601. Residence phone 303.
FOR SALE A fine 6-room frame house
located on Van Buren street, close in.
Lot 50x137: price $1,700; a bargain.
Owner must leave town.
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED I
have customers every day for nicely
furnished houses. List what you have
for rent with me.
FOR SALE Two lots on North First
Ave., close in, $1,150.
FOR RENT An ideal home, 8 rooms,
brick, large barn, lawn, flowers, shade
and ornamental trees. Very low rent
by the year.
E. E. PASCOE.
Phone 1496. 110 North Center St.
FOR SALE One of the best five-room
cottages on First avenue: modern
and new: a snap: good reasons for
selling. Box 16, this office.
FOR SALE OR RENT The Dorris
lodging house after February 1st.
Apply to C. D. Dorris.
FOR SALE The Kilroy's New Palestine Cottage: one of the coziest cottage homes in Phoenix: lovely large
grounds, shade trees, alfalfa, roses,
gravel walks, etc. a truly typical
home. Apply on the premises, 911 S.
First Ave.
FOR SALE A good piano.
415 North Sixth avenue.
Enquire.
FOR SALE First-class saloon property
in one of Yavapai county's best
mining camps. Reason for sale:
death of owner. For particulars address Box "J," Prescott, Ariz.
BICYCLE TIRES, best and cheapest,
9 S. First Ave.
FOR SALE Lot of fine game chickens. Call on or address No. 45 West
Washington St., Doll's saloon.
FOR SALE Poultry farm fully equipped. This place has yielded returns
at the rate of 8 per cent per month
on investment for the last seven
months. Box 396, Phoenix, Arizona.
BUSINESS CHANCES
WANTED A partner in a good paying
business or will sell entire. Address
A. V., postoffice box 933.
A VALUABLE business opportunity for man with $2,000 or $3,000
to invest. Established wine and
liquor business in first-class location.
Good jug trade. Will sell entire. Good
reasons for selling. None but responsible parties meaning business
need apply. Address Opportunity,
Republican office.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST 10th inst., 3-year-old half Jersey
cow, brindle, with little white in
throat. Left horn broken off. Will pay
for any information leading to recovery of the cow. Address R. Lee,
box 1293, Phoenix.
LOST A pair of glasses. Finder please
leave at Buckeye Canal office.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS
Experienced card reader, tells past, present
and future: Ladies, 25 cents; gentlemen,
50 cents. 231 Buchanan street, corner
of Third street.
WANTED One or two ladies to cook
for two in exchange for board and
small wages. F. F., Republican office.
WANTED A family driving horse:
must be gentle, a good traveler and
stylish. State age, price and where
can be seen. Address "A.," Republican office.
WANTED A cheap burro for water
pump. Address Box 203, city.
WANTED To buy small, paying business. State full particulars. Address
E. J. M., this office.
WANTED Gentle buggy horse, suitable for lady, for its feed. 227 E. Polk.
WANTED Clean cotton rags at
Republican office.
CLOTHING or delicacies for the poor
and sick can be left at the rooms of
the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, corner of Monroe and Central
Ave. They will be carefully distributed. Those in need please call.
WANTED TO RENT Between twenty
and forty acres of alfalfa with house,
under the old canals. Address Box
15, this office.
WANTED To buy strawberry plants.
Address E. E. Leech, Irwindale, Los
Angeles county, Cal.
AUCTIONEER Hammond now ready
for all sale engagements at the same
place, 15 South First Ave.
PROFESSIONAL
ASSAYER AND METALLURGIST.
J. Q. A. KING. Assayer and Metallurgist,
All kinds of laboratory tests for best
reduction method. Office and laboratory, 18 N. 2nd Ave., Phoenix, Arizona.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
J. W. CRENSHAW Attorney-at-Law,
Phoenix, Ariz. Office 210-211 Fleming
Building.
VETERINARY SURGEON.
F. O. RICHMOND, M. D. C. Phoenix,
Arizona. Veterinary Surgeon and Dentist: diseases of all domestic animals
scientifically treated. Office, 35 North
Center street. Residence 537 West Van
Buren street. "Phone 1001. No charge
for consultation. Agent for the Horse
Review.
DR. HOWARD RAMSAY. Veterinary
Surgeon and Dentist. Graduate Ontario
Veterinary College. Office, corner First
avenue and Monroe street. Ambrose
Corral, Phoenix, Arizona. Telephone
3313.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
E. E. PASCOE. Notary Public. Conveyancing a speciality. Acknowledgments taken. 110 North Center street,
opposite Hotel Adams.
EXPERT ACCOUNTANTS
J. HENRY WOOD, Expert Accountant,
Tel. 3731. Phoenix, Ariz. Books of account audited and systematized; mining
and other investments investigated; also
acts as incorporator and agent for Arizona corporations. Formerly Savings
Bank Auditor, Buffalo, N. Y., Treasurer
and Manager Cobre Grande Copper Co.,
Golden Wave Mining Co., etc., etc.
OSTEOPATH.
Mrs. Anna E. Seitz, D. O., Room 4,
Monihon Building, cor. Washington and
N. 1st Ave. Graduate of the Columbian
School of Osteopathy, Kirksville, Mo.
MUSIC.
PROF. MICHAEL FOUNTAIN has
arrived from the Boston Conservatory of Music. He has studied
under the celebrated and great Eugene Gruenberg, the greatest teacher
in America, if not in the world.
Prof. Fountain's studio is over the
Home Savings Bank on North Center
street, Nicholson building, room
No. 7. Prepared to give lessons in
all instruments. Specialty mandolin
and violin. Special prices to children.
PRIVATE HOME FOR LADIES IN
confinement. Best of physician in attendance. Homes found for children.
727 Bellevue, Los Angeles, Cal.
MISS TROWBRIDGE, TEACHER OF
water-color and oil painting. Studio
401 Fleming Block. Class hours, 10
to 12 and 2 to 4. No classes Tuesday
or Friday. Pictures on sale. Visitors
always welcome.
SEE C. M. HIGGINS FOR WELL
digging and pump repairing. 117
South Seventh avenue.
When you want a...
Strictly
High Grade
Vehicle
Buy one made by the
"Columbus
Buggy Co.
and you will be satisfied.
We carry a full line of medium
grade also.
Harness to suit.
Lawrence & Clarke
Vehicle Co.
AMBROSE CORRAL,
J. W. Ambrose, Prop.,
Cor. First Avenue and Monroe St.
Does a
GENERAL LIVERY AND CORRAL
Business.
THE HOFFMAN
The bowline Alley is cool, the Beer is
from cold storage and is
5 ANHEUSER-BUSCH. H
The Kaiser
HIRSCHPELD & PERKINS
Proprietors
Imported and Domestic Wines,
Liquors and Pipes
Phoenix, Arizona
CABINET
CIGAR
STORE
AND
LIQUOR
HOUSES
14-16 W. Washington
Street
F. W. THODE. Proprietor