Wants of the People.
WANTED—A saddle horse for its keep. Best of care. Apply at The Citizen office.
WANTED—Two or three famished housekeeping rooms, with shady yard. No objection to the suburbs. Address Ex., care of Citizen.
WANTED—Good, cool adobe houses, rentally located, furnished or unfurnished. Apply, 141 North Main St. Tel. 525.
WANTED—Advertisers to remember that the Citizen is gaining in circulation and the columns of this paper afford the best medium for profitable advertising.
WANTED—Fifty track laborers for construction work; $1.76 to $2.00 per day. Call on L. H. Landis, Acting General Superintendent, Santa Fe, Prescott & Phoenix Ry., Phoenix, Arizona.
Brief Local Notes.
BORAGE WAREHOUSE—All furniture, etc., stored with absolute safety. Pioneer Transfer Co., 17 N. Stone Ave.
HINKOLE HERMIT AGEWHISKEY and Havana Cigars. Call at McNeil & O’Keefe’s, corner of Congress and Church Sts.
READ Judge Ferguson’s advertisement under the head of “A Rare Opportunity” and you may find something that will put you on the road to good fortune.
Table Claret, Zinfandel and Sauternes of the best grades have just been received by E. Abadie from the renowned Santa Clara valley, Cal. Any of these brands belong to the 1885 crop. A bottle at your meal will constitute the best of tonics and aperients.
REFEREAT ONCE—The Illinois Central Railroad will put in a new fast schedule on their Omaha and Chicago line, whereby train No. 2 will be cut down one hour. It will leave Omaha at 7:46 p.m. daily via Fort Dodge, Waterloo, Dubuque, Freeport and Rockford, arriving in Chicago at 8:30 a.m. next day. Train No. 4 will be made a daylight train leaving Omaha at 7 a.m. via the same route as above, reaching Chicago at 9:46 p.m. same day. These two trains also carry through equipment between Omaha and St. Paul via Fort Dodge and Albert Lea, reaching Minneapolis at 7:28 a.m. and 11:16 p.m. respectively. The equipment of these trains includes the latest pattern wide vestibule Pullman sleeping car, buffet library smoking car, free reclining chair car and dining car.
Fought Per His Life
"My father and a brother both died of Consumption," writes J. T. Weatherwax, of Wyandotte, Mich., "and I was saved from the same frightful fate only by Dr. King’s New Discovery. An attack of Pneumonia left an obstinate cough and very severe lung trouble, which an excellent doctor could not help but a few months’ use of this wonderful medicine made me as well as ever and I gained much in weight." Infallible for Coughs, Colds and all Throat and Lung trouble. Guaranteed bottle 60c and $1 at L. Zeckendorf & Co., Geo. Martin, retail. Trial bottles free.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. MARK A. ROGERS
41 North Stone Ave.
Office Hours 1 to 4 and 7 to 8 p.m.
Telephone No. 11.
N. H. Matas,
PHYSICIAN-SURGEON.
Office Hours 11 to 12 a.m.; 1 to 4 and 6 to 7 p.m.
Pennington St., Opposite Postoffice.
A. C. THORN, A. M., M. D.,
Physician and Surgeon.
Rooms 5 and 6, Century Block, Over Martin’s Drug Store.
A. J. GOULD, M.D.
Office and Residence 308 Pennington St.
HOURS:
10 to 12 a.m.; 2 to 4, 7 to 8 p.m.
DENTISTS.
HUGH C. GORE, D. D. S.
DENTIST.
71 South Stone Avenue, Opposite Episcopal Church.
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
ATTORNEYS.
T. F. Ryan,
ATTORNEY & COUNSELLOR AT LAW.
P. O. Box 17, Church St., Tucson, Ariz.
W. J. Osborn,
ATTORNEY, NOTARY PUBLIC AND CONVEYANCER.
Hall of Pioneer Historical Society.
Rooms 6 and 8 Pearson Block.
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
W. J. Kirkpatrick,
ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
No. 140 West Pennington St.
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
MINING ENGINEERS.
CHAS. VOLTZLEBEN,
U. S. Deputy Surveyor.
MINING WORK A SPECIALTY.
Cuts $1.75 per day including the use of compasses. Mining claims in groups in any part of this Territory, surveyed and platted (camp or tent) including all expenses, each $1.75. Maps of all kinds at lowest rates; mine prints free. Mining property examined and reported upon. First class work guaranteed. Mines bought and sold.
ARCHITECTS.
H. C. Throop,
ARCHITECT.
Office—No. 30 W. Congress St., Up Stairs.
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
Forbes & Nevins
ARCHITECTS.
Rooms 1 and 2 Century Building, Corner Congress and Church Sts., Tucson, A. T.
SECRET SOCIETIES.
PIMA LODGE NO. 3, I. O. O. F.—Meets every Friday night at 7:30 o’clock at A. O. U. W. hall. Visiting brothers cordially invited. N. Mitrovich, Noble Grand. John A. Flood, Secretary.
PIMA TRIBE NO. 10, IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.—Meets every Thursday night at 8 o’clock, A. O. U. W. hall. George Howard, Sachem. N. E. Hawke, Chief of Records. Felix Levy, Collector of Wampum.
ARIZONA LODGE NO. 1, A. O. U. W.—Meets in A. O. U. W. hall every Wednesday evening at 7 p.m. Visiting brothers are fraternally invited. S. Henniger, M. W. Thomas Conklin, Recorder.
ARIZONA COMMANDERY NO. 1, KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.—Stated conclave first Friday of each month, at 7:30 p.m. Sojourning Sir Knights courteously welcomed. Roscoe Dale, E. C. G. J. Roskruge, Secretary.
TUCSON CHAPTER NO. 3, Royal Arch Masons, meets in Masonic Hall on the last Friday evening of each month. Sojourning companions in good standing are fraternally invited. Geo. Shand, H. P. G. J. Roskruge, Secretary.
TUCSON LODGE NO. 385, B. P. O. ELKS.—Will hold regular meetings on the first and third Monday evenings of each month, at 7:30 o’clock. Visiting Elks are cordially invited to attend. A. C. Bernard, E. R. W. P. B. Field, Secretary.
SAN XAVIER CAMP NO. 8, WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.—Meet every first and third Mondays at 8 o’clock p.m., in the new A. O. U. W. hall. Visiting members invited. Henry Melluish, Consul Commander. L. Neustetter, Clerk.
TUCSON LODGE NO. 4, A. F. & A. M.—Stated communications on the second Friday of each month, at 7:30 o’clock in the evening, at Masonic hall. Notice of special meetings will be given by hoisting a blue flag. Visiting brothers are cordially invited. Geo. E. Kohler, Master. G. J. Roskruge, Secretary.
Albert T. Colton,
U. S. Deputy Mineral Surveyor.
Mapping, Conveying and Abstracting, Land and Mine Surveying.
FLORENCE, ARIZ.
Boiled Steel and Metallic Cukete.
Emblem of the Specially.
TUCSON UNDERTAKING PARLORS
K. O. Parker, Manager.
Lady Embalmer for Ladies and Children.
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
R. T. Millar,
PURPLE ROSE DIRECTOR.
Tucson, Arizona.
A First Class Lady Embalmer for ladies and children.
118 B. Church Street, Tucson, Arizona.
E. L. Wetmore,
Assayer & Metallurgical Bullion Smelter and Finisher.
Office and laboratory, No. 154 Pennington St., Tucson, Arizona.
From
The “I. C.” Man
Excursions—
(Personally Conducted.)
Run three times every week.
No. 342 Douglass Building, Los Angeles, California.
C. M. Ay Dock, Com’l Agent.
Write for particulars and rates to all points East via New Orleans or via Omaha or via St. Louis or ask any Southern Pacific agent about the Illinois Central Railroad.
Or apply to any agent of the Southern Pacific Company.
C. M. Burkhalter, Agent P. P. Co., Tucson, Arizona.
Baldwin Restaurant
This popular location is again open to the public under a new management. Experienced cook and first class waiters.
Best Meal the city offers for
TRY A MEAL AT THE
BALDWIN RESTAURANT
Hale & Whitman, Props.
67 Congress St., Tucson, Ariz.
Copyrights Ac.
Scientific Hymnican.
Subscribe to the Daily Citizen
66 cents per month.
ARIZONA DAILY CITIZEN: TUESDAY EVENING, MAY 21, 1901.
Articles of Incorporation of the Los Angeles and Beaumont Oil Company.
The undersigned, H. L. Squires, N. S. Meigs, N. J. Emerson, C. W. Baldridge and F. G. Baldridge, hereby associate ourselves together and adopt the following Articles of Incorporation, for the purposes of forming a corporation under the laws of the Territory of Arizona.
ARTICLE I.
The name of this corporation shall be the Los Angeles and Beaumont Oil Company, and the principal place for transacting its business shall be at Tucson, Pima County, Territory of Arizona, but proposes to carry on business in the States of California, and Texas and will have an office at Los Angeles, in the State of California.
ARTICLE II.
That for the purpose for which this corporation is formed, are: drill for, and develop oil, asphaltum; and other minerals; to transport and refine oil or otherwise prepare the same for market; to acquire, purchase, hold, improve, work, and operate, sell and convey oil wells, oil machinery, oil and mineral lands and to erect all necessary buildings, and machinery necessary for said purposes to procure, locate and purchase water and water rights; to locate under the laws of California, Arizona, and the United States, placer and lode mining claims; to construct ditches, flumes, or pipe lines, to issue, sell and convey stocks, bonds, mortgages; to purchase, acquire, sell and convey real and personal property; to farm and to cultivate any lands acquired by the corporation, and generally to do all necessary to carry on said business.
ARTICLE III.
The amount of the capital stock authorized to be issued is one Million (1,000,000) shares of the par value of One Dollar each and when issued shall be forever non-assessable.
ARTICLE IV.
The time of the commencement of this corporation shall be the date these articles are filed with the County Recorder of the said County of Pima. This corporation shall exist for twenty-five years from its commencement.
ARTICLE V.
The affairs of this corporation shall be conducted by a Board of Directors composed of five or more stockholders, to be first elected on the 1st day of July, 1901 and until each annual election thereafter.
The following are the names of the Directors who are to serve until the first annual meeting and until their successors are elected, to-wit, H. L. Squires, N. S. Meigs, N. J. Emerson, C. W. Baldridge and F. G. Baldridge.
ARTICLE VI.
The highest amount of indebtedness to which the corporation shall be subject shall be Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000).
ARTICLE VII.
The private property of the stockholders of this corporation shall be exempt from liability for the corporation debts.
ARTICLE VIII.
These articles of Incorporation may be amended by a two-thirds vote of the stockholders of this corporation at any regular meeting of the stockholders or any special meeting called for that purpose, and the amendment shall be filed with the County Recorder of said County of Pima, and printed as required by law.
ARTICLE IX.
That the Directors of this corporation may adopt by-laws for this corporation at their first meeting. Elections of Directors and stockholders meetings [annual] shall be held yearly on the first Monday in July of each year.
In witness whereof we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 14th day of May, 1901, in duplicate.
N. J. Emerson, Seal
C. W. Baldridge, Seal
H. L. Squires, Seal
N. S. Meigs, Seal
F. G. Baldridge, Seal
State of California,
County of Los Angeles,
Before me, Ross T. Hickcox, Notary Public in and for the County of Los Angeles, and State of California, personally appeared H. L. Squires, N. S. Meigs, N. J. Emerson, C. W. Baldridge and F. G. Baldridge, known to me to be the persons who executed the within instrument and who are mentioned in the same and they and each of them acknowledged to me that they and each of them executed the said Articles of Incorporation of The Los Angeles and Beaumont Oil Company, for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of office this 14th day of May, A. D. 1901.
Seal Ross T. Hickcox
Notary Public in and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California.
My commission expires February 28th, 1904.
10 cent Internal Revenue Stamp properly cancelled.
State of California,
County of Los Angeles,
I. C. W. Bell, County Clerk of the County of Los Angeles, and ex-officio Clerk of the Superior Court of the State of California, in and for said County, the same being a Court of Record, do hereby CERTIFY that Ross T. Hickcox whose name is subscribed to the Certificate of the proof or acknowledgment of the annexed instrument, and thereon written, was, at the time of taking such proof and acknowledgment, a Notary Public in and for said County duly commissioned and sworn, and authorized by the laws of said State to take the acknowledgments and proof of deeds or conveyances for land, tenements or hereditaments in said State of California. And further, that I am well acquainted with the handwriting of such notary public, and verily believe that the signature to said certificate of proof or acknowledgment is genuine; and that the annexed instrument is executed, acknowledged and certified in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the seal of said Superior Court, the 15th day of May, 1901.
I. C. W. Bell, Clerk.
H. R. stamp properly cancelled.
First pub. May 18. Last May 24.
A Good Thing.
German Syrup is the special prescription of Dr. A. Boechee, a celebrated German physician, and is acknowledged to be one of the most fortunate discoveries in medicine. It quickly cures coughs, colds and all lung troubles of the severest nature, removing, as it does, the cause of the affection and leaving the parts in a strong and healthy condition. It is not an experimental medicine, but has stood the test of years, giving satisfaction in every case, which its rapidly increasing sale every season confirms. Two million bottles sold annually. Boschee’s German Syrup was introduced in the United States in 1868, and is now sold in every town and village in the civilized world. Three doses will relieve any ordinary cough. Price 76 cents.
Get Green’s Prize Almanac.
TREASURES OF HEALTH
The Special Climatic Advantages of Tucson, Arizona.
Location of Tucson.—Immediately on the line of the Southern Pacific R. R. in the Southern part of the Territory of Arizona, and on the edge of the Santa Cruz Valley, lies the City of Tucson. That it was first settled several centuries ago has little to do with what we have to say here, but yet its story full of adventure and romance lends an indescribable charm to the old town.
Evidences of Thrift.—Its antiquities are, however, fast disappearing before the march of progress. The adobe walls that formed the battlements of the old Mexican Pueblo have crumbled away and the mission ruins are falling to pieces. Prominent public buildings, churches, stores and handsome modern residences have been erected with beautiful gardens, flowers and shrubbery surrounding many of the latter. Old streets have been graded, new ones laid out, and other improvements made which give a thrifty appearance to the city.
Foreign Element.—Of its population, however, consisting of about ten thousand people, a large Mexican element remains, and its presence gives a foreign air to the community as also do the adobe buildings in which they mainly dwell.
Topography.—The location of the city in a vast amphitheater as it were, surrounded by beautiful mountains, and resting under the canopy of the loveliest of blue skies, is beautiful. The splendid roads in the vicinity make driving and bicycling an especial pleasure. In every direction charming mountain views greet the eye, and at the sunset hour gorgeous and resplendent colors cover the western sky, the departing of the sun casting shadows upon the tops of the mountains which fairly enchant one.
Public Library.—Tucson has a well-selected library.
Hotel Accommodations.—The hotel accommodations are ample, and for those preferring them there are cottages and rooms for rent at reasonable rates.
Tucson as a Health Resort.—It is however of Tucson as a health resort of which we wish to speak especially here, and first of all let us say that it is situated almost in the center of the climatic belt recommended by the United States Medical Commission, as the most favorable region in the United States for those afflicted with pulmonary ailments.
Altitude Above the Sea.—The altitude of Tucson is about 2,400 feet above the sea, and this by the way seems a medium altitude particularly suited to those suffering from such diseases.
The Rainy Season.—July, August and September constitute the so-called “rainy season,” but the rains during these months, when there are any, while they are often violent are nothing more than showers. It soon clears off and the sun comes out as bright as ever. In July of this year there was scarcely any rain. In no country are there so many days of sunshine as in Arizona.
Exceedingly Small Rainfall.—At Tucson the rainfall for the whole year is only about eleven inches. Some years it is not even as much as that. During the nine months, October to June inclusive, 1894-5 there were but twenty-five cloudy days and nine of those were in one month.
Temperature.—During the months of June, July and August the average temperature is about 90 degrees, but there is so little humidity in the atmosphere that no uncomfortable temperature is experienced. There being but little rain in the neighborhood of Tucson there is no humidity produced in that air as is the case in the neighborhood of Phoenix, where artificial irrigation has reached a great stage. The fall, winter and spring months can be compared with the Italian clime. The fruit blooms during the entire winter months.
Wonderful Dryness of Climate.—There is nothing more remarkable about the climate of Tucson than its dryness. It is phenomenal. There is no such thing as what is called sultry weather as in the east. A recent visitor to Tucson jokingly remarked that “not even the rains seemed damp.” It is a fact that the effect of a heavy shower is observable for but a few hours. In this dry climate sunstrokes are unknown. The dry air induces exceedingly rapid evaporation of the abundant perspiration. As a matter of course the supply of fluid must be maintained, hence one drinks a great deal of water here.
Good Water at Tucson.—Everyone is aware of the importance of good water, and this Tucson certainly has. Moreover, there are two ice factories which supply any quantity of beautiful ice.
Effect of Dry Climate on Temperature.—Another effect of the extremely dry climate is that the sensible temperature is far less than that recorded by the thermometer would indicate. Some claim that there is a difference of as much as fifteen degrees between the sensible temperature and that recorded by the thermometer.
Climate the Only Cure for Pulmonary Disease.—It is admitted that no medical treatment has yet been discovered that will cure pulmonary consumption. The only cure is that of climate, and in Tucson the warm dry atmosphere seems to be especially efficacious. As to the special advantage which its climate offers for the relief and restoration of those suffering from pulmonary complaints, not what different prominent physicians of the city say:
Dr. H. W. Fenner, of Tucson, Surgeon of the Southern Pacific R. R., says:—
Tucson is a city of 10,000 inhabitants on the main line of the Southern Pacific Railroad, altitude 2,400 feet above the sea level. Tucson is one of the oldest settlements made by the Spanish conquerors. It is now the commercial and railroad center of Southern Arizona. The climate is exceedingly dry and bracing, the humidity being exceedingly low; the yearly minimum and maximum being 20° and 56° respectively. The rainfall is small and but little irrigation is carried on. The water supply is excellent. The summers are long, the thermometer ranges high, but the low degree of humidity makes the clear warmth tolerable and the most healthful part of the year. Sunstrokes and heat prostrations are unknown. The climate of Tucson has been found by experience to be particularly beneficial to most cases of pulmonary phthisis, especially those of the earlier or pre-tubercular periods.
Dr. Mark A. Rogers, of Tucson, says:—
“My experience has impressed upon me the necessity for out-door life in the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis. In order that the patient may live continuously in the open air for a period of several months, or, for that matter, for a year, or several years, a climate is required which is continuously warm and dry. Such a climate the United States does not possess, but the nearest approach to it is Arizona.
“Physicians rarely send their patients to the arid regions of Arizona, and this I consider a great mistake. The patients should be sent to the arid regions so soon as there is evidence of infection from the tubercle bacillus, and should be made to remain there until they are well, or until it is apparent that the case is hopeless.
“Many physicians in the east order patients to California for the winter, apparently with a view of sending them to a dry climate. The relative humidity in southern California is as great, and in some instances greater, than that of the Atlantic coast, and many of the best physicians in California regularly send their tubercular and asthmatic patients to Tucson. California is a beautiful country, but the fogs which come in from the sea, and the emanations from the vast irrigated regions, make it far inferior to the inland desert regions for phthisical patients. I think it may be assumed as a general rule that wherever there is irrigation there is a high degree of relative humidity, and patients from pulmonary phthisis should never be sent to an irrigated district. Indeed, some of the California physicians have declared that ‘irrigation and malaria go together.’
Change of Time.
To ALL CONCERNED:
Commencing Thursday, April 25th, train No. 1 will leave Bisbee at 7 a.m., Fairbank at 8:13 a.m., arriving at Benson at 8:50 a.m. No. 2 will leave Benson at 11 a.m., Fairbank at 11:37 a.m., arriving at Bisbee at 1 p.m.
Train No. 3 will leave Bisbee at 1:30 p.m. for Douglas, arriving at Douglas at 2:30 p.m. The return train, No. 4, will leave Douglas at 3 p.m., arriving at Bisbee at 4 p.m.
Time, Pacific standard.
These trains will carry passengers, mail and express only.
H. C. Moran, Superintendent.
V. R. Stiles, Gen. Frt. & Pass. Agt.
It Saved His Leg.
P. A. Danforth, of LaGrange, Ga., suffered for six months with a frightful running sore on his leg; but writes that Bickley’s Arnica Salve wholly cured it in five days. For ulcers, wounds, piles, it’s the best salve in the world. Cure guaranteed. Only 25 cents. Sold by L. Zeckendorf & Co., wholesale and Geo. Martin, retail.
No External Symptoms.
The blood may be in bed of oases, yet with no external signs, but an eruption or sores to indicate it. The symptoms in such cases being a variable appetite, poor digestion, and nervousness, loss of action and a general run-down condition of the system—clearly showing the blood has lost its nutritive qualities, has become thin and watery. It is in just such cases that S. S. S. has done some of its quickest and most effective work by building up the blood and supplying the elements lacking to make it strong and vigorous.
"My wife used several bottles of S. S. S. as a blood purifier and to tone up a weak and tired emaciated system, with very marked effect by way of improvement.
"We regard it a great tonic and hitto the greatest of all tonics, and you will find the appetite improve at once, strength return and are very soon in the best of health. It passes through all parts of the system.
S. S. S. is the only perfectly safe blood purifier known. It restores no artificial elements whatever. Send for our free book on blood and skin diseases and write our physicians for any information or advice.
Wanted. No charge for medical advice.
The Swift-Sure Cure Co., St. Louis, Mo.
For Nasal Catarrh quickly yield to treatment by Ely’s Cream Balm, which is agreeably aromatic. It is received through the nostrils, causing and healing the whole surface over which it diffuses itself. Druggists sell the 50c size; trial size by mail, 10 cents. Test it and you are sure to continue the treatment.
Announcement.
To accommodate those who are partial to the use of atomizers in applying liquids into the nasal passages for catarrhal trouble, the proprietors prepare Cream Balm in liquid form, which will be known as Ely’s Liquid Cream Balm. Price including the spraying tabs is 75 cents. Druggists or by mail. The liquid form embodies the medicinal properties of the solid preparation.
Don’t Rub It In.
If Heels, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Bronchitis, Headaches, Bruises, Neuralgia, Scotch Remedy.
Gentlemen: I never hesitate to acknowledge the worth of a good thing, therefore I do not hesitate to acknowledge that I have given your remedy a thorough test, and have found it to be all you claim.
J. H. PUTNAM, M. D., Huntsville, Ala.
SCOTCH REMEDY COMPANY
Veteran Army & Navy.
J. B. BREATHITT. J. R. MANNING.
BREATHITT & MANNING
General Commission Brokers
OFFICES 112 SOUTH STONE AVENUE.
INSURANCE AGENTS
DEALERS IN
LIVESTOCK, CATTLE, REAL ESTATE, RANCHES, MINES, CITY LOTS
Will Negotiate Loans, Act as Agents and Do a General Brokerage Business.
PROPERTY SOLD ON TIME.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY!
To buy or exchange for Tucson Property.
An Orange, Lemon Orchard and Citrus Grove containing fruits of rare qualities near Los Angeles, California, with a 7-room residence, etc., will bear investigation. If necessary will accept part real estate and mortgage on place for balance.
Also for Sale
3,500 HEAD OF CATTLE, IN LOTS AS FOLLOWS:
600 HEAD OF STOCK CATTLE, HALF GRADE, mostly cows from 3 to 7 years old with 100 or more calves and steers.
1,500 STEERS 3 YEARS OLD AND UPWARDS FAIR GRADE.
1,400 STEERS, ONE, TWO AND THREE YEARS OLD, FAIR GRADE.
REAL ESTATE
Lots in various parts of Tucson.
Lots near the University and Indian School.
Farms and Ranches near the city.
MINING PROPERTY
Gold, Silver and Copper mining groups.
WANTED
Improved and unimproved lots for sale.
Lots with modern residences.
Lots for business purposes.
Rents Collected—Rooms and Buildings leased.
Enquire of R. D. Ferguson.
Old Orndorff, opposite P. O. Room 1, head of stairs.
THE DAILY CITIZEN:
Tucson, Arizona.
Democratic and Independent in politics, devoted to the interests of Pima County and the Territory of Arizona. We also do rapid Commercial Printing and want your orders. Permit us to serve you.
Phone No. 171.
Southern Pacific Co.
Sunset Route
This is the most popular route. Runs a daily train from all points North, East, West, causing close connections at New Orleans for St. Louis, Cincinnati, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, and all principal points.
Elegant Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars on all trains through Chicago.
Passengers taking this route will have only one change of cars at New Orleans in daylight, for all points East and South. No long lay-overs at El Paso and Tucson, saving over FOUR TO TEN HOURS IN THE
See that your ticket reads via the New Orleans. For further information, tickets and reservations, call on or address,
C. M. Burkhalter, T. B. Hunt,
Agent, Tucson, Arizona. El Paso, Texas. W. M. P. Booknell, Traveling Passenger Agent.