THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 3, 1920

PAGE SEVEN

RESULTS
MUST BE ATTRACTIVE
TO AVERT DISASTER"

Benefit May for making railroad invest
ments attractive by allowing them ade-
quate returns upon the productive capacity of
the country was urged by S. M. Fel-
ton, president of the Chicago Great
Western, testifying before the Inter-
state Commerce Commission, in behalf
of the application for an increase in
rates of 28 per cent needed to
give them 6 per cent net operating income of
the railroads. Mr. Felton said in part:
“Unless the welfare of the
agricultural, manufacturing, mining
and industrial industries shall be sub-
stantially increased from year to year
the base of production must be
increased. In a country having the
size and topographical character-
istics of the United States the
needed increase in production is al-
most wholly dependent upon a cor-
responding increase of railroad trans-
portation. The farmer cannot con-
tinue to increase his crops; the coal-
miner cannot long increase his
output; the manufacturer
cannot increase his output, unless they
have constantly increasing railroad
facilities. In recent years the increase in the
capacity of the railroads normally kept
pace with the increase in the coun-
try’s productive capacity. There were
some striking periods of growth of the railways
representative of the growth of the productive
resources of the country and this
has been not particularly true
in the territory west of the Mississippi

river. This condition, however, no
longer exists.
“Data showing the growth and
amount of railroad traffic handled re-
flect the fact that there has been an
enormous increase in the productive
capacity of the country within recent
years. But they do not tell the whole
story, because I think it may be safe-
ly said that at no time within the last
three years have the railways been
able satisfactorily to handle all the
traffic which the industries of the
country have offered them when the
industries have been working any-
where near to their capacity. The
result has been that in all periods of
large production there have been com-
plaints from the large producing in-
dustries, and many of these complaints
have been only too well founded.
“It is impossible to obtain reliable
statistics as to the present productive
capacity of most of our large indus-
tries but in almost all cases where such
information is obtainable it shows that
large increases have taken place since
pre-war days and that such increases
are still continuing. On the other hand,
very little has been done to increase
the capacity of the railways. The num-
ber of miles of railway abandoned dur-
ing the last three years has been
greater than the number built. The
number of locomotives and freight cars
ordered during the more than two
years of government control would
barely suffice to replace the number
ordinarily retired in a year. The Inter-
state Commerce Commission statistics
show that there was an actual decline
of 206 in the number of locomotives
in service in 1918 and an increase in
the number of freight cars of only
1,425; and when the statistics for 1919
are available they doubtless will show
that in that year there was a further
decline in the number of both locomo-
tives and freight cars.
“During government control not a
single passenger car was ordered.

When the railways were returned to

private operation the car and locomo-

tive builders were practically out of

orders for equipment for domestic use

and while considerable orders have
been placed since then most railway

companies have been obliged by gen-
eral financial conditions and uncer-

tainty as to the future to defer the
placing of orders for equipment which
they know is vitally needed. The re-

sult is that the already great disparity

between the productive capacity of the

country and its railroad capacity is

continuing to increase. “There is but

one way to remedy this condition and
prevent the disastrous results to which
an aggravation of even a continuance
of it would lead. This is to make large

investments in railroads attractive. In
view of the increased return on capi-
tal in other lines of industry, increased
interest rates, increased costs of all
elements entering into railroad con-
struction, it is earnestly urged that a
return of six per cent is no greater
than the necessities of the case de-
mand and is in fact less than might
be appropriately allowed but for the
limitations of the statute.
“The construction of a large amount
of new mileage is needed in the west-
ern territory. It is hardly necessary
to emphasize that this new mileage
will not be built unless there is a fair

prospect of a reasonable return be-
ing earned upon the additional invest-
ment and that the prospect of a fair
return being earned upon such invest-
ment will depend upon the relationship
between the general level of operating
expenses and of rates.
Regarding the prospects of in-
creased efficiency and increased traf-
fic, Mr. Felton said: “Taking the plant
as it stands today, and labor operating
conditions as they now exist, if traffic
remains normal it is my opinion that
no substantial reductions in operating
expenses can be looked for in the im-
mediate future, and it is to the im-
mediate future that this case relates.
“When the credit of the roads is re-
stored and they are able to secure the
necessary funds the program adopted
before the war by many of the lines
of substituting heavy power for light,
of reducing grades, of substituting new,
modern appliances for old, will be re-
sumed, and in course of time results
will be secured. But nothing substan-
tial can be accomplished in the im-
mediate future. Whether the volume
of business will increase or decrease
is purely a matter of speculation. The
commission cannot, with safety, regu-
late its adjustment in this case by as-

sumptions either as to increased busi-
ness or decreased cost.”

ANITA STEWART STAR
IN EXCITING SCREEN

DRAMA AT COLUMBIA
How a city youth who wouldn’t take
a dare until an entire community in
condemnation of a defenseless girl for
whom the fates had provided nothing
better than a memory of a distressing
early life serves as the basis for the
exciting human story that is told in

“The Fighting Shepherdess,” starring
Anita Stewart and which will begin a
three-day engagement at the Columbia
theater, commencing today.
As Kate Prentice, daughter of the
proprietress of a roadhouse about
whom the sheep-herding community of
western California knew very little,
Miss Stewart is called upon to display
a characterization which in vigorous-
ness has not been equaled in her screen
career to date. Picture a girl in whom
Nature has reposed the elements of re-
finement, struggling against the ad-
vances of uncouth men who frequented
the tavern of which her mother was
the proprietor.
A most novel plot has been provided
for this picture. Kate is taken away
from the tavern as a result of a kind-
liness on the part of a recluse sheep-
herder, who saves her from the ap-
proaches of a notorious character. It
is through this opportunity that Kate
is enabled to meet Hughie Disston, an
easterner who befriends her.
Suspected as the murderess of the
man who enabled her to leave the un-
wholesome atmosphere of the tavern,
battling against outlaw cattlemen who
are determined to make her leave the
district, finally as the wealthy owner of
a big sheep ranch and the person to
whom the community is thankful for

alleviating their difficulties, Miss
Stewart has a role of splendid possi-
bilities that give ample opportunity for
the display of her histrionic ability.
A cast of eleven principals supports
Miss Stewart in this production. Among
those who appear in the picture are:
Wallace MacDonald, Noah Beery, Wal-
ter Long, Eugenie Besserer, John Hall,
Gibson Gowland, Calbert Carter, Billy
DeVall, Maude Wayne, Ben Lewis and
Will Jeffries.

C. E. BEACH RETIRES
FROM UNION OIL CO.

H. F. Warren, for nearly five years
northern Arizona representative of the
Union Oil company, has succeeded
Clarence E. Beach as Arizona sales
manager of the company, with head-
quarters in this city. Mr. Warren al-
ready has assumed his new duties.
Mr. Beach tendered his resignation
to the Union Oil company several
weeks ago, after a service of 10 years.
Seven years of this period he spent
in Phoenix as Arizona sales manager
for the company. Prior to that he
served as sales representative in the
northern counties of the state. Mr.
Beach has entered the automobile
business in this city, handling the pop-
ular Westcott and Columbia cars.
Mr. Warren, the new sales manager,
has been directly associated with the
Union Oil company for the past nine
years. During the past five years he
has served as northern Arizona repre-
sentative under Mr. Beach and prior to
that time made his headquarters at
Los Angeles.
Announcement was made yesterday
that the Union Oil company is doing
its bit to aid Arizona and Arizona in-
stitutions. Donations of $50 by the
company to the Arizona Americaniza-
tion committee, a like amount to the
Home for Friendless Children at Tuc-
son, and $25 to the Prescott Frontier
Days celebration, were announced yes-
terday afternoon.

It Is Not Too Late To Get
A Free Almanac For 1920
The ARIZONA REPUBLICAN has good news
for its readers in the announcement that an addition-
al supply of free Health Almanacs for 1920 has
been secured.
Owing to the shortage of paper, and the great
demand, the regular number issued by the Govern-
ment was quickly exhausted, but the Red Cross came
to the rescue by financing a large extra edition which
is now ready for free distribution.
This little book contains all the usual informa-
tion given in the old-fashioned almanacs, and goes
farther by telling you how to take care of your health
month by month.
Its accuracy is guaranteed by the doctors of the
United States Public Health Service. It is a message
from them to you.
YOU NEED IT! Send for it today.
(Fill out the coupon. Write legibly)

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN INFORMATION BUREAU
Frederic J. Haskin, Director, Washington, D. C.
I enclose herewith two-cent stamp for return postage for a free
copy of the Health Almanac.
Name .........................................

Street Address ................................

City ...........................................

State ..........................................

L. M. BYRD, Mgr.

BYRD TAILORING CO.

The tremendous strides we have already made during our record-breaking tailoring sale, fully justify our oft repeated assertion that the public is
always ready and quick to take advantage of any legitimate sale, where the reputation for integrity and reliability of the merchant in question is established,
known and conceded. The feasibility of competition in this particular line of business is feasible only under certain conditions, otherwise competition is
absolutely out of the question, the public in general is without a doubt already familiar with the conditions which enable us to produce these wonderful legiti-
mate tailoring values, which leaves the field entirely to ourselves for the time being as we are the only tailoring company in the State of Arizona, to our knowl-
edge producing an actual $60 and $65 suit at this time for $50. Our business is based on the smallest possible margin. This is an undisputable statement
which can be instantly verified. Those are the conditions, gentlemen, that make these remarkable tailoring values entirely feasible, with all due respect for the integrity, reliability and
unquestioned conscientious business methods of our reputable fellow tailoring and clothing merchants, we maintain it is utterly out of the question for them to duplicate remarkable values of
this kind when the fact that we are practically forfeiting our margin entirely is taken into consideration, which compels them to admit, though rather ruefully and reluctantly,
that under the present circumstances the producing of remarkable tailoring values of this kind is entirely feasible. Remember, men, our personal guarantee of SATISFACTION OR YOUR

MONEY BACK IS BEHIND EVERY SUIT ORDERED, our slogan is IT MUST FIT.

This entire and splendid stock of foreign and American woolens will be placed on sale in one last record-
breaking tailoring sale of the year. Hundreds of different styles to select from—the largest stock of woolens
throughout the State of Arizona will be sacrificed at a price that will be absolutely startling. Every suit or-
dered during this tremendous value-giving tailoring sale will be made up as a strictly sample suit for adver-
tising purposes, which means that we absolutely guarantee that we will make to your own individual measure
during sale only one of the most handsomely designed and strictly HIGH CLASS, HAND CUSTOM TAI-
LORED SUITS made to your own individual measure
for $50 that we absolutely guarantee will be the
exact equivalent in STYLE, QUALITY AND WORKMANSHIP to an actual $65 suit, bought anywhere
throughout the entire country. The same identical high-grade workmanship, linings and trimmings will be
placed in your garments as though the original selling price of $65 had been paid, as under no circumstances
will there be the slightest deviation from our usual high-grade standard of tailoring that has made us the lead-
ing tailoring institution in the city of Phoenix. Every garment will be made in our own shop, and tailored by ex-
pert tailors of the highest standing. The fitting of garments will be absolutely guaranteed throughout.

To more forcibly emphasize our contention, in order to allay
any apprehension on the part of those who are rather apt to feel
so inclined relative to the genuineness of this sale and the sin-
cerity of our intentions here is our ironclad guarantee—come
down and make your selection, we’ll measure you for the suit you
may happen to take a fancy to and select, and upon its comple-
tion, if in your mind you haven’t received an actual $60 and $65
suit for $50 or if you are dissatisfied in any way, don’t be the least
bit backward in demanding a refund of your money and it will
be granted you immediately and without any questioning, or we’ll
gladly remeasure you for an entire new suit whichever is prefer-
able and agreeable to you. We are fully capable of standing the
loss; your friendship and future consideration is far more valuable
to us than the mere selling of one suit of clothes, it’s our own

proposition and places you under no obligations. Furthermore,
previous to your responding to our advertised sale, you’re at liber-
ty to get to your own pattern tailor or clothier, then examine
the grade of woolens they offer you carefully and thoroughly, and
note the price in particular, then pay us a call, examine the high-
grade fabrics we are offering during this special event only. You
already know our price, then let your own sound judgment be the
deciding factor; also, if it’s possible for you to get a sample of any
$60 and $65 suit, bring same to us and we stand ready to duplicate
the same pattern in style, quality and workmanship during sale.
THIS OFFER STANDS GOOD DURING SALE ONLY, and will
be immediately withdrawn upon the termination of this sale.

THIS SALE IS FOR THREE DAYS ONLY
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SALE POSITIVELY CLOSES SATURDAY NIGHT
SALE STARTS TODAY, THURSDAY
SALE POSITIVELY CLOSES THIS SATURDAY EVE.

BALKE BLDG.
42 W. ADAMS ST.
PHOENIX’ LEADING TAILOR

SPECIAL NOTICE
GENTLEMEN—We are candid in respectfully so-
liciting the consideration, which is only natural, of
those which any commercial institution would deem
it a pleasure in transacting business with, conscien-
tiously believing that through you and the remark-
able and absolutely legitimate tailoring values we
are producing during this last and final sale of the
year, we will eventually secure the patronage of
those who deem it a pleasure in being termed as one
of your friends whom you will in honor bound natur-
ally recommend to us in the event of our pleasing
you. We deem it a pleasure in extending the read-
ers of the Republican, who comprise the most intel-
lectual element in the State of Arizona, a cordial
invitation to visit our handsomely equipped tailoring
establishment, which is open for inspection and the
edification of the public, where we will consider it
a pleasure to show you over our entire line, imma-
terial of whether you place an order or not; this invi-
tation is gladly extended solely for the purpose and
pleasure of making your acquaintance which we con-
sider both a pleasure and an honor conferred, as we
fully appreciate the fact, as all men imbued with
typical natural American intelligence will readily
admit, that friends are what usually count in all social
and commercial affairs, and possibly at some future
date when you are ready for your next suit and being
cognizant of the splendid high grade material and
class of workmanship produced in this institution,
we sincerely hope that you will bear us in mind and
deem us worthy your consideration; and if the same
gentlemanly courtesy and fair treatment that we
have shown and accorded to thousands in the past,
combined with honorable business methods which
our host of friends stand ready to vouch for, counts
for anything, then our commercial career and future
success in the city of Phoenix is doubly assured.
Once again, we extend a hearty welcome to those of
the public whom we have not as yet had the pleasure of doing business
with, but with whom we hope to at some future date, to visit our
establishment where you will be made to feel at home. Regardless,
as we are far from being crazed over the acquiring and accumulating of
more than the necessary root of all evil, we are catering to men of in-
telligence only—the class of men who can be reasoned with, who are
fair and broad-minded enough and not ashamed to concede the telling
points of an argument where the proof is absolutely convincing—that’s
the class of men that we consider well worth getting acquainted with.
A personal interview with the intelligent readers of The Repub-
lican relative to the feasibility of these splendid tailoring values will
be gladly extended regardless of any commercial transaction whatso-
ever, wishing our friends and readers of The Republican health, hap-
piness, and future prosperity.
Respectfully,
BYRD TAILORING CO.