THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN. FRIDAY MORNING, AUGUST 27, 1920
PAGE SEVEN

THE BOOK OF ANN
What One Class Builds, the Other Class Tears Down
The Lorimer grounds were astonishingly well suited for the rally. The crowd was admitted at the front entrance; it spread over the park and around the lake, it invaded the sacred blue garden, spooned under the pergola, and the early arrivals took the choice places on the brink of the green swan-shaped bowl, from which to get a perfect view of the ballet.

Back of the meadow, in a corner of the park stood Ann's house and mine. They made the most convenient dressing rooms for all who were to appear in the pageant. The boy scouts, who were helping us, used my house, and the girls strung their dainty garments from end to end of Ann's second floor. After we were costumed, and filleted and rouged and powdered, each of us was carefully inspected by the director of the dance. Even the rose wreaths on our cropped heads had to be tilted at an exact angle, and we girls were vastly relieved when at last the director was ready to view us "en masse." And then, to our vast astonishment, he called through his megaphone:

"Off your rings, young ladies!"

There were several engagement rings in the lot, rings of this year's harvest, and, of course, the proud possessors were exceedingly loath to lose a chance to display them.

But the director was obdurate.

"My mistake, I admit," he said. "Ought to have warned you to leave the things at home. Ought not to have taken it for granted that you'd do so. Sorry. But off they'll have to come, girls!"

Don't argue the point at the last minute, whispered Virginia to her sister of the superb new solitaire.

Virginia settled the trouble, for what the Burns girls do all the others do will. Jingly, and so, in about two minutes Ann had collected gems worth a small fortune in her gold mesh bag.

With superb carelessness, splendid pearls were dumped in the bag to rub against hard sapphires and diamonds, and a lot of priceless birthday gems, such as emeralds and rubies. The value of all the rings ran up into tens of thousands of dollars. I thought, as I observed how carelessly Ann was handling them.

There are two classes of persons in this world, I thought as Ann shook the bag of rings above her head and ran upstairs with it. One class is constructive, the other destructive. There are no neutrals. If one does not build up, one tears down what others build. Ann is essentially destructive, not always intentionally, but often merely because she is so lazy. Instead of taking pains to hide those rings, instead of informing Morrison about them and certainly the detective had a right to know, since he was indirectly responsible for them, instead of doing anything sensible with them, Ann simply dropped her gold bag into the first handy place.

"Help yourselves when you want them, girls," she said as she took her place in the ballet. "They're in the top drawer of my dresser."

I started to say that I hoped no one but an owner would help himself to the treasure. Suspense concerning what might happen to them made me awfully uneasy. For Mr. Best would be the only uninvited and unwelcome guest on the grounds that night.

I wanted to get Bob on the phone, but it was too late for me to leave my place in the row of dancers. When I considered the amount of sentiment attached to some of those rings, I realized how terrible it would be to have to account for them to the girls. Money value had little to do with the love of their owners had for them. There were birthday, engagement and wedding rings in the lot. And Willy Van Eyck's sapphire was given to her by her brother who went west in France. She would never stop mourning if it were to disappear.

(To Be Continued)

BAYLESS BARGAINS

FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
Specials That Should Interest You.
LARD COMPOUNDS
Swift Jewell Shortening, 60¢
No. 4 Can 10¢
Swift Jewell Shortening 80¢
No. 8 Can 110¢
Swift Jewell Shortening, $1.65
45-lb Can 200¢
Criscos, 60¢
1 lb. can 10¢
Wisconsin Cream Cheese, 6¢
Per lb. 10¢
Velvet Hard Wheat Flour, 10¢ 48-lb. sacks 100¢
Velvet Hard Wheat Flour 10¢ 98-lb. sack 165¢
Every Sack Guaranteed
WHITE LAUNDRY SOAP
White Borax Kaptha 10¢
5 Bars 25¢
Swift's White Laundry Soap, 15¢
5 Bars 65¢
BAKERY AND PASTRY DEPARTMENT
They are growing bigger all the time. Bayless' Pure Milk Bread, the big 20-oz. loaf, has no competition. We are now baking Bayless' Pure Health Bread. If you will eat Bayless' Milk and Health Bread you won't need the doctor. For Saturday we will have delicious Eastern Blueberry Pies. Also a full line of French and other Pastry. Buy them at your grocer or at any of our Bread and Pastry Stores.
FRUIT AND VEGETABLE DEPARTMENT
Honey Dew, Honey Dew Ripe, 10¢
per lb 12¢
Sweet Casaba Melons, 15¢
per lb 10¢
Best eating Apples In Phoenix, 25¢ 40¢
Chili and Bell Peppers 1¢
Per lb 4¢
Fancy California Burbank, Spuds 10¢ 15¢
None better on the market, per hundred 107¢
California Sunkist Lemons 11¢
Just arrived, per dozen 11¢
Rosa of Peru Grapes, 15¢
2 lbs. for 20¢
California Free Stone Peaches, 15¢
Per lb 18¢
The largest and most complete grocery department store in Phoenix.
Cash and Carry. Service If You Want It.

BAYLESS GROCERY CO.

Phone 3545 First and Washington

ARREST OF THREE YOUNG MEN

CHEAP MEALS WONDER IS SOLVED IN BISBEE

For a sporadic reduction of the cost of living in Bisbee last April, three young men are in custody in San Diego. Deputy Sheriff William D. Bennett of Cochise county arrived in the city yesterday with an application for requisitions for the fugitives, who are Julius Jacques, John Quinn and Vincent Unfug. The papers in the case will be sent to Acting Governor Simms, who is now at Prescott.
Though so far in this narrative it appears that the young men are wanted for their part in a flank movement on H. C. I. they are charged with larceny by means of burglary. The complainant is H. T. Tovrea, manager of the firm of E. A. Tovrea & Co., of Bisbee, who claims to have solved a nine days' wonder in Bisbee about the middle of last April. Such meals as W. U. Patterson, a restaurant proprietor, set up to his patrons for four bits, it was believed could not be duplicated anywhere else in the United States. Those who sat at his lunch counter and his tables came to believe that all this talk about the high cost of living was all moonshine, a psychological rather than a material fact. They invited all their friends who were still complaining to go to Patterson's and watch the explosion of the myth.

Almost coincident with the tumbling of prices of meals and a corresponding rise in their quality was a discovery by Tovrea and company, made in the course of an inventory, that the stock was being depleted. For sometime no connection could be established between this discovery and the large portions and small checks at Patterson's.

The manager soon developed a suspicion and put Unfug, a youth of 18, on the carpet. He said that he and Quinn, Jacques and George Lunsford had been supplying Patterson with meat at prices which bore no relation whatever to Chicago and Kansas City figures, and still less to local prices of steers on the hoof. Unfug said that he and his associates had been surreptitiously entering the shop and removing meats, which they deposited at Patterson's back door in the night time, receiving therefor half the market price.

Naturally Tovrea and company felt sore about it. It was bad enough to lose the meat, but that was nothing to having their trade taken away by such marked underselling. Patterson admitted, according to the statement in the papers in the application for the requisition, that he had been transacting business with these meat dealers, but it had not occurred to him to question them regarding their source of supply. If he had seen anything in the whole affair to excite his wonderment it was at the nerve of the Tovrea company in charging such prices for meat when he was buying it for so much less. Here was a rich and powerful firm, with a vast organization and great buying power selling meat at twice as much as the syndicate of four young men who had no such organization, who had just embarked in the business, with an exceedingly limited capital, and naturally could not take advantage of bargains in cattle. Yet, it appeared to him, that they were satisfied with the profits they were earning.

ZANDER TO TELL IN REPORT HOW MINES SHOULD BE TAXED
Among themselves to be submitted to the National Tax Conference at Salt Lake, beginning September 6, will be a report by C. M. Zander, chairman of the state tax commission, on the subject of the taxation of mines. This report will be made to a special committee appointed at the last conference of the National Tax Association. The recommendations of this committee will be incorporated in a model tax system for state and local governments which is now in course of preparation by the association.

This draft has not been finally adopted by the committee, but the subject has been worked out to such an extent that the final draft will be substantially the same. The gist of Mr. Zander's report, embracing eleven typewritten pages, is found in his reply to the question, "If the mines should pay to state and local governments a tax commensurate with that paid by other real estate, how should the tax of mines be imposed and collected?" The answer is: In precisely the same manner that taxes are now imposed and collected on other real estate; that is, according to their value, for revenue only and under modernized administration.

Mr. Zander yesterday received a telegram from Professor Robert M. Hague of the chair of economics at Cornell University requesting a copy of his report.

The members of the special committee are: E. C. Allen, chairman of the Lake Superior Iron Ore Association, Cleveland, Ohio; C. N. Zander, Samuel T. Howe of the Kansas Tax commission; Celsus P. Link of the Colorado Tax commission; E. L. Bogart of the University of Illinois; J. Park Channing, geologist and mining engineer, New York, and Ralph Arnold, oil geologist, Los Angeles.

Business of importance will detain Mr. Zander so that he will be unable to be present at the opening of the conference, but he will arrive at Salt Lake on September 9, by which time the primary votes will have been counted unofficially. Mr. Howe, a member of the Arizona commission, will be in attendance at the conference and is slated to present a paper on the taxation of live stock on ranges.

Nealon of Phoenix for Supreme Court. Adv. 6s

Win With Winsor
Winsor Will Win

Steaming Del Monte Beans cooked tender with Tomato Sauce a feast fit for a king. And one of the most economical foods you can buy.

Corner of Second Street and Washington

Announces a Most Important Sale

A sale of the season's most desired, most popular and most stylish Shirts Shirts that are of extra special merit and values. All sizes.

Greatly Underpriced for this Season

DOZEN SUIT OF Regular $12.50 and $15.00 Values Shirts of extra heavy tub silk, fancy crepe de chines and plain colors and white, in all the popular shades Shirts from some of the best shirt makers in America all sizes specially priced (See Window Display Prices Talk)

Regular $3.00 Shirts Men's Golf Shirts of extra fine quality shirting percales, in assorted fancy stripes. All sizes. Extra special values at $1.50

$8.50 and $10.00 Fibre Shirts A special clean up extra well made shirts of special quality fibre silks shirts of regular $8.50 and $10.00 values at $7.95

Regular $2.50 Shirts Men's Negligee Shirts, a special purchase made of excellent quality percales All sizes. Extra special values at $1.50

$5.00 and $6.00 Madras Shirts The very best quality madras with satin stripes, in a beautiful assortment of colors and patterns. Our best $5.00 and $6.00 values at $3.95

Extra Special Palm Beach Suits Your choice of any "Palm Beach Suit" in the house—genuine "Palm Beach" suits with the label Suits selling regularly $10.00 and $12.00 selling at $7.00 and $8.50

Men's Pajamas Men's Pajamas of extra quality Pajama Cloths in fancy stripes specially good values at $3.50 Choice now...

Silk Fibre Sox Men's Silk Fibre Sox in all colors absolutely fast. Genuine dollar qualities at 69¢

Men's Cotton Sox Cotton Sox of special 25¢ value, all colors and sizes extra special at 15¢

Men's Union Suits Athletic cut suits of wear, comfort and freedom. Your choice of our regular $2.00 values at $1.25

Your choice of our regular $1.65 values at $1.00

Your choice of our regular $1.35 values at 85¢

Take our tip buy your underwear needs right now you will pay more later and find your sizes hard to get Buy now

and OLIVE OIL