THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 19, 1912.

PAGE THREE.
:-: Domestic Science :-:

By Emma Paddock Telford.
Many a store enters springtime
with some of the winter's dirt in it.
Spring-cleaning is as necessary
practically as necessary for a store as
for a house.

MENU FOR SUNDAY.
BREAKFAST.
Oranges
Liver and Bacon
Eggs, Hominy Whole Wheat Muffins
Coffee

DINNER,
Oxtail Soup with Croutons
Radishes
Roast Shoulder of Veal with
Forcemeat
Mashed Potatoes Asparagus
Black Currant Jelly
Beet Green Salad
Strawberry Mousse
Coffee

SUPPER.
Lobster Salad
Brown Bread and Lettuce Sandwiches
Olives Cheese Balls
Individual Strawberry Shortcake
with Cream
Tea

Using table runners for luncheon or
Sunday night tea. A most satisfac
tory one in use in an English cottage dining room whose wainscoting,
plate rail and built-in sideboard and
cupboard closet over the fireplace are of
chestnut, is made of Russian crash,
the ends of the scarves or runners,
which cross each other at right angles, being embroidered in rich shades
of brown and gold in conventional
design. When more than four are
seated at the table, doilies of hand
made American lace are placed between the runners, with small Persian brass plates to hold glasses or
cups. These little brass plates are
very inexpensive and harmonize well
with the color scheme of the room,
largely brown and gold.

Much cheaper, but extremely effective, runners are made from the figured blue and white Japanese toweling.

A Campaign of Grocery Prices.
Interesting figures showing the re
tail prices of groceries, meats and
provisions have just been published
by Dr. J. T. Hohlsworth, who has completed an economic survey of the
larger American cities at the instance of the municipality of Pittsburg.

The economic survey made its investigation of food prices in Pittsburg during the month of November, 1911. Retail prices were secured for
all sections of the city and for different types of stores in the several sections. At approximately the
same time men in six to ten schedules
of prices were obtained in co-operation of the other cities to be brought into
comparison with Pittsburg. In all
cities prices were obtained for representative stores of the various types, the high-class store, the department
store, the "chain" store and the "corner" grocery.

From the lists gathered in other
cities, the following table of comparative percentages has been prepared, which shows New York as the
head of the list as an expensive place
to live in and Chicago as the cheapest:
New York
Philadelphia
Rochester
Pittsburg
Cleveland
Cincinnati
Detroit
Baltimore
Buffalo
Chicago

In case of four guests, two of these
runners are crossed so that each
one at the table has an end under
the plate, glass and bread and butter
plate. With six guests, two strips
are used across the same and one
lengthwise.

This toweling can be bought at any
Japanese shop and is very inexpensive.

Fruit for the First Course.
Nearly all course breakfasts, luncheons or dinners now begin with fruit.
This may consist of any choice specimens of fruit served on individual
dishes, rather than massed together.
Grapefruit is always popular cut in
halves, the core and the dividing
membrane removed and the pulp cut
free from the skin, so as to be easily
lifted out with a spoon. Maraschino,
or in season, a fresh cherry, may be
placed in the cavity left by the core;
at other times a block of loaf sugar
is inserted. Large, fine navel oranges
are cut in halves and served in the
same way, the pulp being removed
with an orange spoon. At this season,
too, a thick slice of the orange may
be surrounded with fine hulled strawberries, a little mound of powdered sugar surmounting the
slice of orange. Strawberries, rasp
berries and blackberries are each and
all appropriate and delicious for the
first course, looking specially inviting when served on a fresh grape
leaf instead of a doily.

Red and white currants on the
stem are beautiful, while a thick
slice of canned Hawaiian pineapple,
its core removed and the center filled
with hulled berries, is attractive and
appetizing. Cherries on the stem
are particularly decorative and de
licious; while melons of whatsoever
sort are a joy to both eye and palate. A cocktail of fresh fruits, served
in glasses, or fruit cups, is always
appetizing. A particularly good combination at this season is grapefruit,
bananas, pineapple and strawberries,
with a dressing of sugar and lemon
juice.

Macedoine of Fruit.
This may be made with any combina
tion of fruit, fresh or canned, dried or preserved. At this season
of the year a mixture of fresh pineapple with oranges, prunes and any left
over fruit juices can be utilized. The
little evaporated German cherries
make a rich, fruity juice. Wash,
soak over night and stew gently until all goodness is extracted. Strain
and sweeten. Add a pineapple, peeled
and shredded; some nice prunes,
soaked over night, the pits removed
and the meat cut in small pieces; two
or three oranges peeled and cut in
bits, and any surplus left over from
canned or preserved fruits. Stew
gently, sweeten to taste and serve
with buttered wafers or brown bread
sandwiches. This will keep for some
time. If it shows signs of fermenting,
boil up again.

If desired, gelatine may be added
to this, allowing a level tablespoonful of granulated gelatine to each cup of
the macedoine. Soften the gelatine
in cold water, then dissolve over
steam, or add to the hot macedoine.
The bits of fruit may be left in or
strained out, as preferred. Pour into
small moulds or an earthen dish,
spreading the mixture about an inch
in thickness. When firm, cut in
cubes.

With Pineapples Plentiful and Cheap.
Pineapples should be preserved in
quite a heavy syrup, three-quarters
of a pound of sugar being used for
every pound of the fruit. Measure
after the pineapple has been peeled,
sliced, cut into cubes or shredded, as
you prefer to have it. The choice
Singapore pines that come canned in
heavy syrup are cut in circular shape.
This may be done, using an ordinary
apple corer. In peeling the pineapple, use
a silver knife, or else a small keen
edge French boning knife, which enables one to work rapidly. The acid
of the pine is so strong that it be
comes contaminated with the flavor
of the steel if one is too deliberate
in her movements. Dip the knife
frequently in cold water during the
cutting process. Put the prepared
pineapple in a stone jar and cover
with sugar in layers. When all the
pineapples are prepared, put a cover
on the jar and let it stand in the
cellar or any cold place until the
following morning. By that time the
juice will have completely dissolved
the sugar and a clear syrup will have
covered the fruit. Put the fruit and
syrup in the preserving kettle (never
use tin), bring slowly to the boiling
point, skim and simmer gently until
tender, but not mushy. Take up into
cans that have been rolled in hot
water and seal at once. A dessert
spoonful of brandy added to each
can just before sealing is deemed a
great improvement by many, while
it adds to the certainty of the fruit's
keeping well.

Canned Pineapple Without Cooking.
While I have never tried this myself, friends have recommended it
most highly, and I shall use it this
year.
Peel sweet sugar loaf pines, core
and shred. Take equal parts pineapple
and sugar, mix well in a stone jar and
let them stand over night. The next
morning put into sterilized cans, fill
to overflowing and seal. This is said
to give the pines a fresher and better taste than when cooked.

Pineapple Syrup.
This makes a delicious water ice,
and is better for flavoring than fresh
pineapple. Put three pounds of loaf
sugar in a granite kettle on the
fire. Heat the whites of two eggs
and add to them two cups clear water.
Pour over the sugar and set over the
fire to boil until clear. Remove and
cool. Pare and grate enough pineapple to make a quart of juice, and
strain into the syrup. Boil ten minutes, then bottle. Cover the corks
with melted wax.

Pineapple Omelet.
Beat three eggs thoroughly with a
tablespoonful of sugar, adding at the
last a pinch of salt and a teaspoonful
each of lemon and pineapple juice.
Have the omelet pan hot and well
greased, sides and bottom, with a
teaspoonful of melted butter or oil.
Turn in the beaten eggs and, as they
cook, break the omelet once in a
while with a silver fork. When still
quite moist, sprinkle on top half of
the omelet a cupful of chopped or
grated pineapple, canned or fresh;
fold over the other half, sprinkle with
sugar and serve at once.

COAST RESORTS EXPECT
BIG SUMMER CROWDS
Southern California Hotels Preparing
for Influx of Tourists.

Readers of The Republic are
likely to note with much interest the
various announcements given to the
resort columns since the first of May. California resorts and hotels look
forward to heavy traffic from the interior the same as they look for traffic from the east, north and Canada during the winter. Los
Angeles attracts thousands from the
hot belt each summer and until October. It is accessible to both mountains and the beach and is becoming more popular each year as an ideal summer resort.
Long Beach, Santa Catalina Island,
Santa Barbara, Coronado, Del Mar,
Redondo and various resorts in the
vicinity of Newport Bay and Balboa
are excellent places.

Santa Catalina Island is noted as
the greatest sea fishing resort in the
world. The submarine gardens
are famous as well as beautiful Avalon Bay, where one can enjoy swim
ming, yachting, boating and bathing
the year round. Island Villa and Tent
City are filled each season, and
there are many good hotels. Catalina
Island is noted the world over for its
wonderful climate. Porter's Catalina
Island band delights all who go.

Long Beach is one of the most
wonderful beaches on the coast and
shall probably become a large sea
port, and the chamber of commerce
through judicious advertising has
made it known throughout the world
for its wonderful climate the year
round. It can be reached by the Pacific Electric railway from Los Angeles in thirty minutes. It combines
both mountains and ocean, and is
the home of the famous Hotel Vir
ginia, one of the most attractive hotels in the world. This hotel overlooks the ocean and gives its guests
a most wonderful marine view. It
maintains private dressing rooms for
the surf bathers, tennis courts and
every outdoor amusement and sport.
Its guests have full privilege of the
famous Virginia Country club. The
Long Beach sanitarium is one of the
finest institutions of its kind in the
world, next to the famous Battle
Creek sanitarium of Battle Creek,
Mich. It is situated just far enough
from the ocean to receive the mild,
cool sea breeze. This famous summer and health resort gives the famous Battle Creek treatments. It
is an ideal summer resort, and re
ceives much of the traffic to Long
Beach.

Santa Barbara is noted for its delightful sea breezes and unequaled
climate. The famous Potter by the sea, situated on its spacious
grounds is one of the most magnificent resorts in the world. It maintains a bath house and various other attractions. Driving is enjoyed
throughout the season. There are
horseback riding, surf bathing, and
other recreations to be enjoyed.

Coronado Beach just across the bay
from San Diego is acknowledged as
one of the foremost resorts in the
west, and its beauty is almost indescribable. Yachting, boating,
swimming, fishing and surf bathing
are among the sports to be enjoyed.
The beautiful Hotel del Coronado is
like a jewel in a brilliant setting. This
delightful hotel is one of the best
known hotels in the world — its large
grounds, delightful veranda as well
as its excellent cuisine has always
made it famous. On the peninsula
of Coronado is situated the Tent
City. Its cool tents and palm cottages
are filled throughout the summer
months. The little tots take great
delight in the big swimming pool.
Competent instructors are always
in attendance to teach the little tots
the healthful sport of swimming.

Several resorts around Newport
Beach, namely Newport, East New
port, Balboa and Malibu Island are
very enjoyable for spending a sum
mer vacation. One can enjoy boat
ing, yachting and fishing in both
Newport Beach and the Pacific ocean. There is horseback riding,
autoing and various other recreations.

Del Mar, which is situated between
San Diego and Los Angeles, is very
popular. Stratford Inn overlooks the
Pacific ocean, and its grounds reach
almost to the breakers. This resort
is quite famous for surf fishing;
bathing, yachting, autoing, horseback riding and driving are few of
its delightful recreations. It has a
very fine summer climate. Tennis
and golf are also enjoyed. The
Stratford Inn maintains one of the
finest bath houses on the Pacific
coast with both hot and cold plunges.

Redondo Beach which has a fifteen
minute electric service to and from Los
Angeles is one of the oldest beaches in
the Southland. It is noted as a fishing
resort and has a deep harbor which
promises to make it a great seaport
and commercial city. There are many
good hotels, cottages and apartments
and a very delightful beach where surf
fishing and bathing is enjoyed
throughout the summer season. It has one of the largest bath houses in the
world, a great auditorium besides
countless amusements, theaters and
sports. Its ideal cool summer climate
is one of the strongest factors.

o
Four-year-old Bobby is the only
child in a mature family of bookish
tastes, and sometimes uses his gar
nered phrases with startling effect.
"Come, Hobby," his mother called
through the window one day, "your
toys are all over the porch, and I'm
coming out to sweep there in a minute." A lively scramble ensued,
ending just as mother and the broom
appeared ready for action.
"Well," observed Hobby with a sigh
of relief. "I got those things out of
the way just at the moment, didn't I?"

John, aged 3, was left in his
grandmother's care during
a brief absence of his mother.

"PRESCOTT THE PLACE TO LIVE"
ST. MICHAEL HOTEL

PRESCOTT, ARIZONA
The "Mile High City" the leading
hotel of northern Arizona. First-class
accommodations. Fine restaurant
connected with hotel. Terms Reasonable.

ED. SHUMATE, Proprietor

Do Your O
TUBE
REPAIR
BARR & MOORE, Coast Distributors.
Liberal commission to live agents.

HILLS HOTEL

BEVERLY
Is MID-WAY BETWEEN LOS ANGELES AND THE BEACH

Opened to the Public May 1st.
Mission Architecture.

The Ideal Summer Resort of California

Near the foothills, in a fashionable suburb, unexcelled for scenic beauty.
Adjoining the beautiful grounds of Hotel are the
famous Golf Links of the Los Angeles Country Club.
Electric cars leave Fourth and Hill Streets, Los
Angeles, every thirty minutes direct to Hotel.
Wilkshire Boulevard is a direct paved boulevard
connecting Los Angeles with the beaches a popular
drive with those who motor.
You can find perfect quiet or enjoy all summer gayeties. Horseback riding. Tennis. Weekly informal dances.
Music daily. Golf. Billiards. Pool.
Fireproof private garage maintained.
Lessee of Hotel Hollywood for past ten years, but
severed all connections and opened the new Beverly Hills
Hotel.
Under personal supervision of its owner, MARGARET
J. ANDERSON.
Write for terms to

Beverley Hills Hotel

Beverly Hills, Cal.