PAGE TEN

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, MONDAY MORNING, MAY 21, 1917

ISSUES
Urges That First Infantry
Be Recruited to Full War
Strength Voluntarily Rather
than Wait for Draft
With this possible alternative held up for all the state house, a campaign headed by Governor Campbell is to-day to raise by voluntary enlistment. The full quota of men necessary to bring the First Arizona regiment of infantry to full war strength, a task that must be accomplished within a very short time.
The regiment must be filled. Orders from the war department to that effect have been received at the state house.
It remains with Arizona to decide in what manner this shall be done, whether the state, the newest one in the union, shall set an example of patriotism that will be a model for older states to follow, by having ready a rank-and-file regiment of representative Arizona young men before the draft call comes, or to delay and be compelled to resort to conscription.
Governor Campbell thinks the former would be far the better plan and has appealed to the people of Arizona to make it a reality. The appeal of the governor which is issued from the state house today is to women as well as men, to people older as well as younger than the draft ages as all can aid in bringing forward ready for service the young men of the state.
Don't wait to be drafted, the governor urges, but "go, and go now." The appeal of the governor is as follows:
Executive office,
Phoenix, Arizona. May 21, 1917.
To All the Citizens of Arizona:
Today we face the necessity of raising our First Arizona Infantry Regiment to war strength either by voluntary enlistment or by the draft. Voluntary enlistment is a credit to the man who gives his services and Arizona cannot be more highly honored than by having her voting men voluntarily bring their organization to full strength.
From the older men, the mothers and sisters, facing as they do the necessity of loved ones absent in the service of their country, I ask aid and co-operation. To the hands of all the people of this state is Arizona's answer to the call of our country and president. Do not mean the draft, with no choice of service for the young men who go.
America has entered this war on the side of liberty and humanity. Honoring the memory of those who fought for these principles in the Revolution, who first established liberty and humanity as the basis of our government, it is fitting that the newest state to enter the union should be the first to raise its quota to defend those principles.
It is the duty of every man, woman, and child in Arizona to urge enlistment on those liable for service until the required number represents Arizona at the front. Then Arizona's record may be an example to the states. I ask the aid of every loyal citizen of Arizona in urging that men who are liable for service, volunteer now and take their place as members of our First Arizona Infantry. To the young men who are of the prescribed age I would say: "Go, and go now."
THOS. K. CAMPBELL.
Governor of Arizona

Fahy-Atterbury Sales Co.

FORD SALES

1036 SOUTH GRAND AVENUE
Los Angeles,

Gentlemen:
We have found Zerolene to be the one oil that has given us perfect lubrication. We have settled on the use of Zerolene Oil after extensive tests being made with the different makes of lubricating oils and it is for this reason that we recommend Zerolene for the lubrication of Ford cars.
Hoping this information will be of benefit to Ford owners, we are,

Very truly yours,

THE FORD-PAIGE APPEAL

AUTHORIZED AND SERVICE STATION

STANDARD OIL

Factory experts, and leading coast distributors for all makes of cars, testify that Zerolene, correctly refined from California asphalt-base crude, gives perfect lubrication with least carbon deposit.
Less wear and more power because Zerolene keeps its lubricating body at cylinder heat. Less carbon because, being made from asphalt base crude, it burns clean and goes out on exhaust.
Zerolene is the oil for your car whatever the make the oil for all types of automobile engines. For correct grade get our lubrication chart covering your car.
At dealers everywhere and Standard Service Stations
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(CALIFORNIA)

THEY FAIL THE ARMY BUT Their Good Intentions Make Officials as Proud of Them as of Those Who Pass the Physical Test
That he who presents himself for enlistment at the recruiting office of the First Arizona infantry and is rejected after a physical examination, is entitled to fully as much credit as the man who is accepted, and that the good faith and intentions of the former should be acknowledged is the opinion of Adjutant General Harris.
Every man, therefore, who has tried to enlist and failed on examination, has been sent a letter in which his patriotism is commended and which suggests that possibly there is some other way in which he can serve his country.
The letter is as follows:
National Guard, Arizona, First Infantry.
My Dear Sir: I see by the records of this office that you have been rejected by the medical military authorities as a volunteer for the First Arizona Infantry. Do not, however, allow this to discourage you in your desire to serve your country throughout the great war in which we are now engaged.
There will be many avenues of service opened to patriotic young men who like yourself are precluded from serving as soldiers in the common cause. Remember that it takes a large number of men and women actively engaged in definite tasks to keep one able-bodied soldier on the firing line, and you may yet find a task that will be of vast benefit to the country, and in her service, that will demand as wholehearted an effort, and just as consistent patriotism as that you have evidenced in answering your country's military call.
Allow me at this time in behalf of the military department of the state, to extend to you our most cordial thanks for the intention you expressed and your action in volunteering. The press of business has intervened so that I have not had opportunity to meet every one situated as you have been, but I thank you nevertheless and sincerely hope that your abilities may find usefulness and success in other necessary channels of our service for our common country.
With great respect, I am
The Adjutant General of Arizona.

PROJECT IS PREMATURE
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
LONDON. May 20. At a conference of the English Zionist Federation today, the president, Dr. Weizmann, said he considered the project of the American ... for establishing a Jewish republic in Palestine premature and declared it was impossible to build a Jewish state until a majority of the Jewish inhabitants had been secured. Dr. Weizmann believed that the British government was ready to support the project.

W. K. McWOOD MOTOR CO.,
Bus North Central Ave.,
Phoenix, Arizona

Gentlemen:
As you no doubt are aware, the stripped Paige which we entered in the last Douglas to Phoenix Road Race used Zerolene and Red Crown Gasoline exclusively. In taking first money in this race against sixteen contestants we cannot speak too highly of the splendid lubricating qualities of Zerolene for the Paige. We can truthfully state that our motor never grew alarmingly hot, or had any inclination to freeze. We are using Zerolene in all our Paiges and to say that we are pleased with it is expressing the matter lightly.

FOR MOTOR CARS

TO SELL LIBERTY BONDS
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
ST. PAUL. May 20. Appointment of committees in states, rural communities and cities to help in the sale of liberty bonds was advocated by William G. McAdoo, secretary of the treasury, in a conference with bankers, business men and farmers here today.

AMUSEMENTS

Today marks the opening of the Annette Kellerman pictorial triumph, "A Daughter of the Gods," which will be presented for a brief engagement at the Columbia theater. The "picture beautiful," as it is called, was the sensation of New York, Boston and Chicago. It is brought here with all the ingenious stage effects and beautiful musical accompaniment of the New York run.
"A Daughter of the Gods" tells a fantastic story on the order of "Arabian Nights," "Alice in Wonderland" and "The Blue Bird." Miss Kellerman's role is that of Anita, a supernatural visitor to an Oriental city, who encounters many marvelous adventures and has many hairbreadth escapes. No other woman in the world could have played the part, for Miss Kellerman, alone among her sex, has the all-around qualifications of athletic skill and physical perfection. Her feats as swimmer, diver, fencer, dancer, equestrienne, etc., are the admiration and the despair of all who see her.
The background of the picture is said to be as beautiful as the characterization. It was filmed in sunny, luxurious Jamaica, West Indies, at an expense of $1,000,000. No less than 20,000 natives of the island took part in the ensemble scenes, but the principal roles were all taken by American actors and the parts of the nymphs and the mermaids were played by American girl swimmers.
"And the Law Says" at the Hippodrome is a magnificent story splendidly done with a good cast and an unusual twist to the tale that lifts it from the commonplace. The judge, who is featured in the part of the stern interpreter of the law, has led a wild life in his youth, and the girl who suffered through his perfidy brings into the world a son whom this judge sentences to the electric chair, only to learn that the boy is his own flesh and blood. Then he moves heaven and earth to undo his work. The end of the picture is so startling as to even hint at its climax would be to rob it of the charm which the unusual finish supplies.
The Pathé Weekly News reel is unusually fine, for it has many scenes from the mobilization camps before the United States prohibited the use of pictures taken in the camps. The News reels from now on will be marked by the hand of the United States censor.
Tomorrow comes the tenth episode of "The Great Secret," and a fine Pathé picture, "Her Beloved Enemy," a sparkling story of love and adventure.

William Farnum at Lamara
"American Methods," a special super deluxe William Fox photodrama in which William Farnum plays the stellar role, will be shown at the Lamara theater today.
William Farnum as William Armstrong is an American of French descent, and is a successful business man.
He is left an estate consisting of an iron mine in France, and with his sister sets sail for the French village and takes charge of the business. In the French town lives a marquise, her daughter and son. Armstrong falls in love with the beautiful daughter of the marquise, but she tells him she is betrothed to her cousin. Later the cousin, learning the girl has lost her fortune, jilts her and marries another. She then accepts Armstrong but confesses that she does not love him.
Shortly after his marriage the cousin finds that he is still in love with Armstrong's wife. He inveigles her into a compromising position and is soundly thrashed for his conduct by the American. Stung by the beating the young Frenchman attempts to shoot Armstrong, and in the struggle he is fatally wounded.

"Greater New York" at Tempe
The magnificent film, "Greater New York," will be shown at the Goodwin opera house at Tempe tonight. The film was taken by special permission of the municipal authorities for special presentation throughout the world.
No greater, mightier spectacle was ever presented by biographical art than "Greater New York," showing such world wonders as its suspension bridges and skyscrapers, including the Woolworth, Singer and Metropolitan towers, its subways and elevated railways, every famous building, monument, street and drive Chinatown and the Bowery, tenement life, Broadway at day and night. Fifth avenue, showing its millionaires' residences, hotels, etc. Coney Island and its Midway and pleasure resorts, day and night scenes. Featuring the entire population of over 5,500,000 people. Wonderful night scenes beyond description.

William S. Hart at Majestic
A furious encounter with knives and six-shooters, during which William S. Hart fights savagely against two opponents, is one of the stirring scenes of "The Square Deal Man," the Triangle-Kay Bee play written by J. O. Hawks and produced under the supervision of Thomas H. Ince, which will be exhibited at the Majestic theater to-day. As Jack O' Diamonds, a gambler, Hart in this play escapes from two Mexicans, who had planned to kill him, and succeeds in returning to the Hacienda to rescue its mistress, a young girl whom he knows to be in danger of the Mexicans' attack. It is during this rescuing attempt that Hart clashes with the band of "Greasers."
A new leading woman is seen opposite Hart in this play. She is Mary MacLaren, a pretty ingenue. As Virginia Ransome she is said to have given a remarkably finished performance. Others in the cast are Joseph J. Dowling, Baby Mary Jane Irving, J. Frank Burke, Barrel Foss, Thomas Kurihara, Milton Ross and Charles O. Rush. Joe August photographed the production, with art direction by Robert Brunton.

Good Bill at Empress
When Baker, Sherman and Branigan step out upon the stage you see three good-looking, smiling young men who burst forth into harmony that will make an old lady 90 years old get up from her seat and do the grizzly bear. The stout member of the trio gives a clever impersonation of a country girl trying to do a classic dance, which creates millions of laughter. Don't miss the greatest acts of the season.
Starr and Starr in their comic songs and clever steps keep the audience in good humor throughout. The bill at the Empress this week and from now on will be something entirely new from anything shown here before. Come and enjoy an evening of good music, fun and laughter.

Big Day at Riverside
Swimming continued to hold sway at Riverside Park Sunday afternoon with dancing the most popular diversion during the evening hours. The attendance was even larger than on the opening day, but weather conditions were not the most favorable for large patronage.
The management has completed plans for dancing on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday evenings. This will be the schedule for the next several weeks at least. The café is proving its popularity and was well patronized Saturday and Sunday. The best of everything is to be had at this new park.

ARIZONA THEATRE
AL S. WESTON'S
Girl Review
Presents
"Cripple" Creek Tavern
A Western Burletta
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
Prices 10, 20, 30 Two Shows, 7:25-9

MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY
VAUDEVILLE

All Star

Starts Today, Direct from the Burbank Theater, Los Angeles
BAKER, SHERMAN AND BRANIGAN
That Famous Singing Trio
STARR & STARR
Bright Song and Brilliant Step
NEW PEOPLE ALL THE TIME
7:15 TWO SHOWS 9 p. m.
Empress Theatre

Columbia
Today, Tuesday &
TWO PERFORMANCES DAILY
Mat. 2:30 p. m.; Night 8:15 p. m.
Prices: 25, 50, 75c and $1.00
SPECIAL BARGAIN MATINEE, 25c and 50c

MEN'S SUITS

COLISEUM
TONIGHT
The American Extravaganza Co., in
A GAY
OLD WIDOW
10c-20c-30c
Arizona's Largest Theater
Pipe Organ

WM. FOX TODAY
WILLIAM FARNUM
The Screen's Most Noted Actor in
"American Methods"
From
George Ohnet's "The Ironmaster"
Also TOM MIX in
"A ROMAN COMEDY"

MAJESTIC THEATRE
TODAY AND TOMORROW
WILLIAM C. HART IN
"The Square
Deal Man"
A western play full to the brim of action and suspense; with the incomparable Hart portraying a character with whom you will be in sympathy from the first.
5c-10c-15c

PATHE NEWS