THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.

TUESDAY MORNING, JULY 18, 1893.

Mesa Department.

MESA CITY, ARIZONA, JULY 18, 1893.

MESA NOTES.

Mr. A. Lee came up from Phoenix this morning on business.  
There is a Mexican circus in town, and will give an exhibition tonight.  
It is reported on good authority that the Old Dominion mine at Globe has closed down.  
Some traveling Mexicans with a troupe of trick and dancing monkeys attracted quite a crowd this morning.  
Quite a crowd gathered at the city jail yesterday morning to witness the five cases before Justice Pomeroy.  
The parties concerned plead guilty to their respective charges and were each fined $7.50.  

Mr. C. Hakes came down from the mines night before last and drove down again yesterday morning. He  
is jubilant over his mining prospects in the Superstition mountains. He has faith in the Mammoth, that he and his friends sold to Hall a short time ago.  

An exciting runaway happened to Johnson of Mesa Sunday. He was driving a somewhat frisky team to a  
buggy, his wife and child being with him, when his team became frightened and sprang to one side of the road, breaking the buggy tongue and broke loose from the buggy throwing both parties out, but luckily not seriously injuring them.  

H. L. Johnson, Sons & Co., have just received a large and well selected stock of men's, boy's and ladies' shoes.  
Continue to avail yourselves of their low prices.  

Anderson & Brundage Bros., are the first on the grounds with a full line of groceries, men's wear and shoes etc., at the Superstition mining camp. Come and visit us and save money.  

Metals.

Alex Trippel, Mining Engineer and Metallurgist.

Alfred L. Trippel, Civil Engineer, Deputy County Surveyor, and U. S. Deputy Land Surveyor.

TRIPPEL & SON,  
Do all kinds of Architectural, Mining and Civil Engineering.  
Contracts taken for buildings and estimates furnished for all work. Hydraulic and canal work a Specialty.  
Office Pomeroy Block, MESA CITY.  

Go to Forster and Cubber’s and have your harness, etc., repaired.  

Have your washing and ironing done at Young Kee laundry.  

Go to Shew Ying restaurant for meals.  

Mr. D. L. Murray & Son, of Phoenix, came down from Goldfield City last week. He says there is no question in his mind as to the richness of the district and the extent of this gold belt is remarkable, as it covers so much ground. He thought that C. H. Haskins, Black Joe and Highland, was shaping up as well as did the Mammoth when first prospected. He said he had every faith in the camp and that a year from now one will find that these claims will show up among the richest in the United States.  

THE OWL RESTAURANT.  

MORSE & BIDWELL, Props.  
Will serve good meals at the Superstition Mining Camp at  
50 cents per Meal and $1.00 per Day.  

MESA ADVERTISEMENTS.

A GARDEN SPOT.

Central Restaurant  
E. I. LONG, Prop.  
First-class meals served from  
5 to 7 a.m., 12 to 1:30 p.m.,  
and from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m.  
Mesa City, - - - Ariz.  

ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.

Includes the great temperance drink Hires’ Root Beer.

A Pleasant Entertainment.  
The benefit entertainment given at Mesa Friday evening, July 14, at the opera hall, for the purpose of getting funds to procure the unfortunate young lady from Mississippi, Miss Eaton, an artificial limb, was a decided success. Quite a large audience listened to the splendid program that was rendered and from the applause bestowed they were amply repaid for turning out. The evening’s exercises opened with a violin and piano solo by Mr. George Emmit and Miss Warren, which was rendered in a pleasing manner.  

Prayer was offered by Mr. Geo. Fox, and was followed by a song suitably rendered by the Misses Passen, entitled "Always Take Mother’s Advice."  

Mrs. Eaton, an accomplished elocutionist, and the way she interpreted Mark Twain’s "European Guide," brought a succession of admiration and laughter from her audience.  

A song, "We Had Better Bide a Wee," was nicely rendered by Miss Fannie Peterson. A reading entitled "The Blacksmith’s Story," by Frank T. Pomeroy, followed by a song by Mrs. B. M. Simpson entitled "Home and Mother," was elicited well merited applause.  

After a comic speech by Guy Horne, Mrs. F. T. Pomeroy sang "We Will Meet There By-and-By," in her usual pleasing manner. A comic song by H. Massey, after which Mrs. Eaton by special request recited "The Little Hero" in a manner that added another star to her cluster as an elocutionist. The applause following this effort warranted an encore which the lateness of the hour no doubt prevented.  

A song by J. P. McBrayer entitled "Noah’s Ark" brought the house, after which Miss Mariam Wilson recited "McClane’s Revenge" in an appreciable manner. A song by George Wilson was followed by two violin and piano duets by Mr. George Emmit and Miss Warren which were rendered in a pleasing manner and closed the evening’s exercises.  

Two Better Than One.  
Teacher: We have been taught to love those who despitefully use us. When Johnny Muggs hit you, what did you do?  
Pupil: I hit him back; but that was so he’d have something to forgive. — Good News.  

Health for All, Pleasure for All, and Good Cheer to the Old Folks, to the Parents and to the Children.  

MESA PAINT SHOP.  
For all kinds of PAINTING AND DECORATING.  
First-Class Work and Reasonable Prices.  
L. W. JOHNSON, Prop.  

BRILLIANT C—  
is a handsome French Percheron horse, dark dapple, 15½ hands high, 6 years old and weight 1,560 lbs. Brilliant Jr. was sired by Brilliant, dam Charlotte. Brilliant is out of Chartres and he is of Louis Napoleon.  

Brilliant Jr. will make the season of 1893 as follows:  
Monday, Tuesday and Friday at my ranch, 3 miles south and 1 mile east of Tempe.  
Saturday at Schureman & Singletary’s livery stable, Tempe.  
Season will be from MARCH 15 UNTIL JULY 15.  
Terms $15.00 with the usual return privilege. Mares pastured during season at $1.00 per month. No barbed wire fence. No work done on Sunday.  

BARBER SHOP.  
M. M. DIXON, Prop.  
Shaving 25c. Haircutting 50c.  
Goldfield City, Ariz.  

M. L. DUFFEY, Owner.  

The Great Middle Route Across the American Continent in Connection with the Railways of the Santa Fe Route.  

The Consolidated is the largest of the great canals of the south side. The system now consists of 40 miles of main canal, 75 miles of main laterals and 150 miles of smaller laterals so distributed that 100,000 acres of land may be irrigated.  

Besides this great system the following canals with underlying territory must be considered: The Highland canal, 20 miles, 15,000 acres; the Mesa canal, 10 miles, 20,000 acres; the Utah, 10 miles, 20,000 acres; the Tempe, 15 miles, 30,000 acres.  

The entire region about Mesa derives its life from these systems which are also contributory in the highest degree to the agricultural prosperity of the country around Tempe.  

There is a rapidly spreading belief that that part of the valley in which these two flourishing towns are located is the garden spot of Arizona and developments justify the growing belief.  

It is not improper in this connection to describe briefly the grounds upon which this belief is based and the natural reasons why it is so.  

The country about Mesa will probably within the next ten years enjoy the widely circulated distinction of being the most productive fruit-growing region in the United States as it is now known to be the chief fruit belt of the valley.  

It differs sufficiently in altitude from the rest of the valley to insure semi-tropical fruits against danger from frost always imminent in the most favored regions of California.  

The altitude is 81.6 feet higher than Tempe and 172 feet above Phoenix, rendering it somewhat cooler than either place in summer and slightly warmer in winter. Vineyards dot the country in every direction and hundreds of broad acres are set to oranges, almonds, dates, etc.  

Mesa City, the center of this lovely region, is an ideal village of 1,200 people, situated 6.8 miles east of Tempe and about 17 miles from Phoenix.  

The business and commercial interests include one bank, seven general merchandise stores, one hardware store, two blacksmith shops, one lumber yard and two saloons. The buildings are of a good character and become more pretentious yearly. As might be expected in such a community there are excellent church and school facilities and the town is sufficiently metropolitan to support a small opera house.  

Communication is maintained with the neighboring cities of Tempe and Phoenix by means of two daily stages.  

Three miles east of Mesa City is the prosperous village of Lehi, among whose other industries is a creamery, the best in Arizona and known throughout the territory.  

The mesa proper extends to the river, four miles north of Mesa City; on the south it is almost limitless, a stretch of country which within ten years will be known as the Garden Spot of America.  

THE CAPITOL, PHOENIX, ARIZONA.  
28 & 30 Washington St.  
BEN BUTLER, Prop.  

J. W. DEWITT'S EXPRESS AND LINE  
Meets all trains and carries passengers and baggage to and from all parts of the city. Orders left at office receive prompt attention.  
Office with S. H. Drachman, Palace Cigar Store. Telephone No. 19.  

LAYTON’S STAGE LINE.  
CARRYING THE U.S. MAIL FROM  
BOWIE STATION, VIA SOLOMONVILLE, TO FORT THOMAS AND GLOBE.  
Connects with the Southern Pacific Railroad.  
Special teams on hand for the accommodation of drummers and families. The Best Equipped Stage Line in Arizona.  
C. LAYTON, Proprietor.  

EL PASO ROUTE.  
Texas and Pacific.  
The Great Popular Route Between THE EAST AND WEST.  
Short line to NEW ORLEANS, KANSAS CITY, CHICAGO, ST. LOUIS, NEW YORK and WASHINGTON. Favorite line to the north, east and southeast. Pullman Buffet Sleeping Cars and solid trains from El Paso to Dallas, Fort Worth, New Orleans, Memphis and St. Louis.  
FAST TIME AND SURE CONNECTIONS.  
See that your tickets read Texas and Pacific Railway. For maps, time tables, ticket rates and all required information, call on or address any of the ticket agents.  
B. F. DARBYSHIRE,  
Agent El Paso, Tex.  
GASTON MESLIER, Gen. Pass. and Ticket Agt., Dallas, Tex.  

Columbia Iron Works.  
Manufacturers of Mill, Mining, Pumping and Hoisting Machinery, Building Fronts and Architectural Iron Work, Etc.  
Llewellyn Bros.,  
San Fernando St., near Main, Los Angeles, Cal.  

Manufacturers of Mill, Mining, Pumping and Hoisting Machinery, Oil and Well Boring Rigs and Tools, Shafting, Pulleys, Gearing and Hangers, Ranges, Boilers, Ovens, Jacket Kettles, etc., Building Fronts and Architectural Iron Work, Plows, Scrapers, Land Rollers, Plow Extras, Boilers and Engines.  

Sole Agents for Atlas Engine Works, Boilers and Engines, Worthington’s Steam Pumps, Otis Bros’. Hydraulic and Steam Passenger and Freight Elevators.  

Your Custom Solicited.  
950-966 Buena Vista St., Los Angeles.