5
Highest of all in Leavening Power. Latest U. S. Gov't Report

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 23, 1896.

GOOD RELIABLE FIT & C1

Absolutely PURE

WEATHER REPORT.
U. S. Weather Bureau, Phoenix, Jan. 22, 1896.

3 A. M. 5 P. M.
29.922 29.985
50.0 66.0
30 31
67 27
.24 .17
7 3
SW W
clear clear

Barometer (red. to sea level) in
Thermometer, degrees
Dew-point, degrees
Relative humidity, per cent ..
Vapor pressure
Wind
Velocity, miles per hour
Direction
Sky
Weather during day, fair.
Rainfall for day, .0.
Wm. Burrows, Observer.

WORTH REMEMBERING.
HE READ NEWSPAPERS.
"Have you observed," said a merchant
to a customer, "the handsome advertisement I have on a fence between Phoenix
and Mesa?" "No," replied the customer,
"but if you will send the fence around to
my house I will try to read the announcement. I read the papers and I haven't
time to go around reading billboards."
And the merchant scratched his head.

Happenings of Streets
and Town.
Epitome of the City's Local
Intelligence.
The Doings of a Day In Phoenix and
Its Tributary
Region.
At the Lemon are registered L. Burgess of Tucson and Mrs. Simmons of
Prescott.
The full minutes of the board of control are now published in The Gazette,
the territorial official paper.
In Justice Johnstone's court yesterday Mrs. Shapp was found guilty of an
assault upon Mrs. Thomas. Sentence
will be pronounced. X- 1 ruJ mui mug.
The class of '97 of the Territorial
Normal school at Tempe has adopted
the following as the class yell: "'97!
'97! whoop 'rah, fee! J. C! J. C! Yes,
we be!"
Arizona had no exhibit at Atlanta
apart from the petrified wood of Navajo county. California went with a
good fruit display and captured sixty
gold medals.
Morris Goldwater, Prescott's pioneer
merchant, is in the city looking up a
location for a high class dry goods
store that he will open in this city
within a few weeks.
The immediate necessities of the destitute Mexican family, noted by The
Republican, have been relieved by an
appropriation of $6 a month from the
county indigent fund.
The funeral of Dr. O. B. Adams will
occur today at 10 o'clock, under the
auspices of the Masonic lodge. Visiting
Masons are requested to be present
at the lodge room at 9:30 o'clock.
Tucson Citizen: If as many Tucson
people attend the coming carnival at
Phoenix as Phoenix people were present at the bicycle carnival in Tucson,
the hotels will be crowded to the extent
of some eight or ten people.
Jennie Ash, a French demimondaine,
was yesterday fined by the recorder in
the sum of $10 for an assault upon a
neighbor. A couple of plain drunks
were also given the usual prescription
for intoxication.
Those contemplating the use of fuel
oil in Phoenix will be interested in the
news that the trust has been formed in
LITTLE
POINTS
SHOES.
Little boots of beauty
Made to fit the feet,
Bring us in the babies
We'll fit them out complete.
Little children sent to us
Little though they be.
Receive our prompt attention,
Try us and you'll see.
Work we do not mind at all,
We want you all to know;
We gain the good will of everybody
And this to you will show.
H. L. Chandler Shoe Co.
H. A. DIEHL, President.

Los Angeles whereby the price of
crude oil has been advanced from 30 to

50 cents a barrel.
Judge Ed Wells is in the city from
Prescott, both to attend the supreme
court and to attend to the proposed
alteration of the postoffice property of
which he is owner. A three-story
building is designed and will probably
at once be erected.
Tucson Citizen: Mrs. L. C. Hughes
left for the east yesterday morning to
be gone for the next several weeks.
She will, it is understood, visit Washington and other eastern cities. She
will also visit her son John who is at
school in the east.
At the corner of Adams and Center
streets the Phoenix Sewer company is
now installing a service for a half
block on Adams street east and west.
This is necessitated by the subdivision
of the city lots about that corner, the
alleys serving in all other parts of the
city for the placing of sewers.
The Japanese woman who skipped
for Colorado and her white associate,
Frank Coleman, were brought before
Justice Johnstone yesterday and
their examination set for today, the
charge being embezzlement. About
half the denizens of the "bad lands"
have been summoned as witnesses.
At the Commercial are registered:
J. M. Ryan, San Francisco; Geo. J.
Cole, St Louis; Felix Coblentz, San
Francisco; John Zehring, Denver; J.
H. De Line, Chicago; Mrs. Durant,
Chicago; M. Essinger, Cincinnati; N.
N. Craig, San Francisco; A. N. Johnson,
Benson, Minn.; O. H. Jackson,
Prescott; N. Coy, Kansas City.
The band of the Second battalion,
N. G. A., will this evening at the city
hall give the first of the public concerts arranged to continue indefinitely.
The programme for this evening is as
follows: March, Le Voluntaries; overture, Elisium; mazurka, Elvira; polka,
The Warbler; waltz, Carmen; schottische, Susiro, que te Envio; Mexican
dance.
The Payton company has caught the
town and last night the house again
was crowded to witness the third of the
plays presented. The company is far
superior to that of last season and
every member appears to be painstaking and capable in the roles assigned.
This evening still another new bill
will be presented and tomorrow night
will wind up the engagement.
From Tennessee yesterday the territorial executive office received a
cordial invitation signed by Governor
Peter Turney, asking representation
of Arizona at a great industrial inter
state and international exposition, in
celebration of the hundredth anniversary of the admission of Tennessee.
The exposition will open at Nashville
September 1, 1896, and will continue
100 days.
Tucson Citizen: S. C. Bagg, late editor and proprietor of the Tombstone
Prospector, is said to be anxious to
return to Arizona. About a year ago
he resigned as clerk of the district
court at Tombstone, sold out his paper
and moved his lares and penates to
California. The goddess of fortune,
however, smiled less kindly on him in
the golden state than she had done in
the land of sunshine and silver, hence
his anxiety to return.
Nogales Vidette: Mr. Steve M.
Aguirre received notice of his appointment as a member of the local board
of civil service examiners for the customs district of Arizona, vice Frank
Gillis, resigned. The present board
consists of Frank M. King, chairman;
F. J. Duffy, secretary; and S. M.
Aguirre, the newly appointed member.
Examinations are held semi-annually,
occurring on the first Tuesday in the
months of October and April. Persons
desiring to take the examination will,
upon application, be supplied with
blanks by the secretary.
Suit has been filed in the district
court by Frank H. Hereford of Pima
county against C. M. Bruce, secretary
of territory. The complaint alleges
that the articles of Incorporation of
foreign corporations are by law to be
"filed" with the territorial secretary,
but that Defendant Bruce, erroneously
applying the law in the case of domestic corporations, insisted upon
"filing and recording" the incorporation papers of a foreign corporation
presented by Mr. Hereford. Plaintiff therefore, was compelled to make
payment of the sum of $34.70, of which
he seeks restitution in the sum of
$27.20, together with all costs of action.

PERSONAL MENTION.
Jottings About Individuals and Their
Actions.
Lawrence Lovell has returned from
a visit to his parents in Tucson.
Miss Mamie Kennedy of Mesa spent
yesterday in Phoenix on a short visit
to friends.
Says the Tempe News: Abram S.
Humphries is in Honolulu. God save
the queen.
Mrs. May Campbell, sister of
Mrs. R. E. Holbrook, will arrive from Wyoming this morning for a visit during
the winter.
Miss Lizzie McNeil, who has for several weeks been visiting in Phoenix
with her sister, Mrs. Gua Williams, returns today to her home, Tempe:
John R. Loosely, an old Phoenician,
and once a city councilman, is in the
city on a business trip from San Francisco. Superintendent E. Randolph of the
Arizona division of the Southern Pacific, spent a few hours in Phoenix
yesterday, coming with a party of
friends from Tucson.
President W. J. Murphy of the Arizona Canal company is back from a
prolonged stay in Chicago where he
has done excellent work in the cause
of immigration for Arizona.
Tempe News: Mr. Wm. M. Henry,
deputy consul commander of sovereign
camp, Woodmen of the World, accompanied by his wife, is here. He
expects to organize a lodge of the order
at this place. Mr. Henry has been at
Phoenix, where he organized with over
150 members.
At McTiffany's you can get the finest hand-made sour mash, Bourbon
and Pennsylvania rye whiskies. No.
21, East Washington street.

LOS ANGELES INTERESTED.
Her Business Men Will Attend the
Carnival.
(Frank Hatch, director-general of the
Phoenix carnival, is now in Los Angeles, stirring up interest in the affair.
According to a letter from him received yesterday by George Hoadley,
his efforts are meeting with all success and that it is probable that a
solid excursion train will be run from
Los Angeles to attend the carnival, the
excursion to be somewhat on the order of the Half-Million club trip to
southern California from San Francisco. The carnival excursion would
largely be patronized by Los Angeles
business men who see in it a mode of
closer connecting the business relations of the Angel City and the Sun
Kissed territory.
At the initial meeting of the reorganization of the Merchants' association
of Los Angeles, following discussion
the annual fiesta, the following letter
from Director-General Hatch was read.
It was addressed to Max Meyberg, director-general
of the Fiesta de Los
Angeles: -
"My Dear Sir: As director-general
of the Midwinter Carnival association,
and representing the citizens of our
city, it is my especial pleasure to extend to you, and through you to the
members of the Merchants' association
of Los Angeles, a cordial invitation
to visit our city and take part in our
coming carnival, commencing February 19 and ending on the 22d. Our
association feels confident that a visit
from you will bring us closer together
commercially and socially. We believe in neighborly courtesy between
Arizona and California and especially
to Los Angeles. "It will be our aim to
show our city and the Salt River valley
to its best advantage, and we feel confident that through this celebration
future mutual advantages will result
to both our cities and the state of California and to our territory."
The letter was received in the most
hearty manner and a committee of
Messrs. Meyberg, Stuart and Sale was
inaugurated to inquire into prices and
accommodations of the railway company, and the secretary was notified
to write, thanking the citizens of Phoenix for their kindness, and stating that
in all probability a large number would
attend the carnival.

THE NORMAL SCHOOL.
Annual Report of Secretary F. J. Netherton. The annual report of F. J. Netherton, secretary of the board of education of the Territorial Normal school,
was handed to the governor yesterday.
It embraces a detailed statement of
over $15,000 expenditure during the
year. In this connection, Secretary
Netherton calls attention to the fact that the running expenses for 1895
were lower than for either of the two
previous years. Deducting $9,225.85
amount paid contractors on the new
building, and $150 paid on a '94 claim,
the actual running expenses of '95 aggregated $5,491.70, against $6,515 for
'94, and $6,457 for '93.
Work on the new building is reported as steadily progressing and the
opinion expressed that on completion
the structure would be a credit to the
territory.
Another teacher has been added
during the term, necessitated by increased attendance, the roll now embracing the names of 118 students.
Joseph H. Stein, the enterprising
proprietor of the Pony saloon, now
handles exclusively Pabst's Blue Ribbon beer, which is the best on the
market. You will also find at his place
the celebrated XX McBrayer whisky,
liquors of all kinds and the finest
cigars in the city.
Ayer's Hair Vigor is certainly a remarkable preparation and nothing like
it has ever been produced. No matter
how wiry and unmanageable the hair
may be, under the influence of this incomparable dressing it becomes soft,
silky and pliable to the comb and
brush.

LOCAL BREVITIES.
I have come to stay and if your
eyes have troubled you it will cost
you nothing for examination. Will
open about January 22 in Mahoney
building. W. E. DOTY,
Scientific Optician.
There are yet a few nice rooms at
the Gregory house. East Washington
street

BUY YOUR-
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry,

of that same old

VANTILBURG & DAVISON,
Leading Phoenix Jewelers.
No Better Watch Repairing is Done Anywhere in the United States.

Established in 1874-

GOLD DIVISION

General merchandise, wholesale and retail; also

LONE STAR COMMISSION CO.

National Stock Yards, Illinois.
Union Stock Yards, Chicago,
LIVE STOCK
CAPITAL: $400,000.
SALESMEN: K. A. Riddels, John S. Dorsey, S.
Meridian, Texas; A. Y. Reeder, Amarillo, Texas;
Buck, Vatt, A. O'Donata, Cucamonga, Calif. and
other points in the Southwest.
CORRESPONDENCE AND CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Market reports furnished free on application

The Ivy Green restaurant under the
popular management of Mrs. A. Williamson, continues to attract new patrons and retain those it already has.
For a fine fit go to S. Friedman, the
tailor, No. 441 West Washington St.
Dr. Stroud now treats consumption
by the Cyrus Edson method.
Phoenix steam laundry, corner Jackson and Center streets.
A nice, large, sunny room with fireplace, suitable for man and wife, or
two gentlemen. Inquire at 148, corner Second and Monroe streets.
Little, the stenographer.
strictly first-class.
All work
For Rent Commodious and centrally located residence, 439 East
Washington street.
Mrs. J. C. Shurtleff will do dress
making at her home, Jefferson street,
between Third and Fourth avenue.
R. L. Balke, portrait painter, oil,
pastel, water color, sepia, India ink
and crayon. Room 15, Fleming block.
The finest line of woolens in the
city is at Smith, The Tailor's. Prices
to suit the times.
Pleasant, sunny rooms to let at
reasonable prices at the Hayden building, Tempe. A. S. WHIPPLE,
Assignee.
The only steam clothes cleaner in
the territory is at Smith, The Tailor,
near P. O.
If you want fine artistic tailoring see
Smith. The Tailor.
Best cup of coffee at "Coffee Al's."
My lady looks into the mirror
And her face it glows with delight,
As she sees the vast improvement
Since she used Park's Tea each night
She is never tired or weary,
Her ills and her pains have fled;
Since she drank of Park's Tea each
evening,
A cup full on going to bed. Sold by
C. Eschman & Co.
TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC.
You can save twenty-four hours
when going to Kansas City, Chicago
or any point beyond, by using the S.
F., P. & P. and A., T. & S. F. railroads.
Only one change and that at a reasonable hour, 5:20 p. m. 'Splendid road
bed, first class equipment. Fred Harvey's unrivaled eating houses and dining cars. Interesting and attractive
scenery. You will never regret giving
us a trial. Other information cheerfully furnished by E. W. Gillott, ticket
clerk; Ira P. Smith, general agent.
A fine wrought iron range cheap, at
the Arizona Commission company, 242
West Washington.

While seeking to excel in the style
and finish of our shoes, we have
never lost sight of the most desirable
quality in any shoe: Durability.
We seek to combine all the good
qualities and are constantly overcoming the weak points in the shoes
we sell. Give us a share of your trade.
WILSON & WARD,
Cash Shoe Store, Fleming Block.

reliable firm,
hay and grain in carload lots or less quantities.

& Co.

ULLMAN & Co.

KANSAS CITY STOCK YARDS.
COMMISSION.
Rooms 321-333, Live Stock Exchange.
D. Felt, E. V. Garnett.
R. A. Riddels, Kansas City, Stock Yards.
LOTS OF TALK
About Park's Cough Syrup is what
we desire. Every one who tries this
remedy says that it has no equal in
the cure of all diseases of the throat
and lungs. We know it will cure any
cold and do it in the shortest possible
time. You don't know this, but you
will agree with us if you only try one
bottle of Park's Cough Syrup. Sold by
C. Eschman & Co.
The Adams street meat market, formerly the "O. K.," next door to the
storage, choice meats, nothing but the
best stock used. J. C. Reed, proprietor.

FOR SALE.
Fine lands with water in tracts from
ten acres up.
CLARK CHURCHILL.
37 and 39 South Center street.
Water rights
In the Grand canal for sale by
Clark Churchill,
37 and 39 South Center street,
Phoenix, Ariz.
TIRED WOMEN
Need to have the action of the kidneys stimulated and the system toned
up. Park's Sure Cure is the best remedy to accomplish this. Many a woman finds that she is tired out by work
which ought not to tire her at all.
She fears that her system is broken
down and she is a hopeless invalid
when a few doses of Park's Sure Cure
would make her look at life from a
different point of view. Don't delay.
Every bottle is guaranteed. Sold by
C. Eschman & Co.
Dandruff forms when the glands of
the skin are weakened, and if neglected, baldness is sure to follow.
Hall's Hair Renewer is the best preventive. Awarded
Highest Honors World's Fair,
OR;
MOST PERFECT MADE.
Pure Grape Cream of Tartar Powder. Free
of Ammonia. Alum or any other adulterant.
40 YEARS THE STANDARD.