4

AN ALL-ROUND FIREARM

The Luger Automatic Pistol
and Ideal Holster.
The Ideal holster makes a carbine out of the Luger pistol, and also makes
a first-class belt holster for the pistol. We have been out of Luger pistols
and Ideal holsters for a week, but have just received a shipment. Our stock
of Colt Automatics and regular models of Colt pistols is complete. Prices
right. All firearms guaranteed. Parts carried in stock here for replacement
if defective.
Our repair department is busy these days. By the way, you know we
carry a full line of parts for most all rifles, revolvers, and shotguns, and it
is much cheaper to buy factory-made parts (and in most instances you get
better parts) than to have the parts made to order. Only stock of parts in
the city.
PINNETT ROBINSON
THE GUN STORE
Guns, Bicycles, Cameras, Typewriters, Sporting Goods.
40 North Center Street. Phoenix.

Monday
Specials
25¢
1 lb Best Ranch Butter.
18¢
1 doz. Fresh Ranch Eggs.
A new lot of MacLaren's Imperial
Cheese in 15¢ and 25¢ jars. Finest
cheese on earth.
33¢
1 lb Good Gunpowder or English
Breakfast Tea.
20¢
1 3-lb package H.O. Buckwheat.
10¢
1 package Presto Flour.
15¢
1 package H.O. Pancake Flour.
All new and fresh.
Verily, verily, more and more,
It pays to trade at
McRee's
Cash Store
HATS
HATS
HATS
HATS
HATS
HATS
HATS
HATS
And a full line high-grade
Gents' Furnishing Goods
to close. Secure a bargain while it lasts.
PLANK
The Hatter
FLEMING BLOCK
Phoenix
Arizona
PHOENIX BAKERY
5¢
A loaf of our Bread will please
you and do you good. It's a
body builder. It satisfies that
hungry feeling which affects the
vigorous; It tones the appetite
and builds muscular tissues; it
is sweet and wholesome, the
best 6 cents worth you ever
bought.
Phoenix Bakery and Confectionery:
EDWARD EISEL, Prop.
7 West Washington Street
Established 1881 Phone 891

You Must Stop
for a warm room and
quiet night's rest...
The Williams House,
Maricopa, Arizona.

Amusements

Hoyt's plays are clever and the public revels in them. They are full of
keen wit, kindly satire on the fads of the day, sparkling with wit and altogether
possessing those qualities that are sure to put an audience in a happy
frame of mind. They are built to
amuse the people and they succeed emphatically. His "A Trip to Chinatown"
which comes to the Dorris Theatre tonight has been given an entirely new
musical setting. Into this play the late
Charles Hoyt put some of his best and funniest observations and it is claimed
by many to eclipse in brilliant merriment any of his other efforts. "A Trip
to Chinatown" will be presented with
entirely new scenery and stage effects while it is claimed that the company is
one of the best ever seen in the popular success and is headed by Wm. Kellar
Mack.
The company includes Harry Cashman, Jack Campbell, Frank Beamish,
Percy Walling, Wm. Sturgeon, John
Doyle, Sylvia Starr, Kitty Wells, Nellie Sennett Miller, Molly Saylor, Zenie
Blair and others.
Full of bright lines, clever satire,
funny situations, catchy music and
novel vaudeville features, it is the
bright star in the farce comedy firmament. Reserved seats at Goodman's. Regular prices $1.00, .75, .50, .25.

COUGHS UP A LIVE EEL.
New York, March 8. Niels Andersen,
17 years old, a Swedish immigrant who
arrived on the Campania, was taken
with a violent fit of coughing while
lined up with other immigrants for inspection by the surgeons of the marine
corps, and after an unusually violent
spasm coughed up a live eel six inches
long. The eel was alive and squirmed
about the vessel's deck to the amazement of Anderson's fellow passengers.
Shortly after, the Campania left the other side Andersen was stricken with
an illness that baffled the ship's surgeon. It is believed that he must have
swallowed the eel while drinking water
from a pool, and that it grew in his
stomach.

ELVEY
and
HILETT

HIGH-GRADE
We are agents for and carry a large line of samples of the newest cloths from two
leading tailoring establishments in the east. We can please the most fastidious taste, fit any form
for big money. Your inspection solicited. Satisfaction guaranteed.

THIS
MAY BE THE LAST WEEK

Proposition for Final Adjournment of
Legislature on Friday.
The Legislature will enter upon the
last full week of the session this morning. There is a growing possibility that
it will be the last week of any kind,
for some of the members of both houses
are advocating a sine die adjournment
next Friday. Most of the legislation
that it will be possible to enact at all
will have been enacted by that time,
and not one in five of the pending bills
could be passed through both houses if
the legislature should remain in session
for the next six months. The legislature
will expire by limitation one week
from next Thursday.
There is a prevailing opinion that
most of the necessary changes in the
statutes have already been made. Many
of the members are business men and
are growing anxious to get home to attend to their personal affairs.
But the members who are asking for
an early adjournment are so far in the
minority. They are hopeful, though, of
a spread of sentiment within the next
five days. If that should happen a
new record in Arizona legislatures
would be established.
Just what will happen this week is
as much of a mystery as it always has
been at the beginning of every legislative week. It is reasonably certain that
the house will take the Cowan bill out
of the hands of the enrolling committee
and pass it. It was predicted last
night that that event would occur today. A determined effort, it is understood, will be made to get some kind of action on the woman suffrage bill,
which Chairman Morehead of the committee having it in charge is trying so
strenuously to avoid.
It is expected that there will be a
sharp contest in the house over the
council bill to regulate the practice of
medicine. That contest, though, may
be confined to the committee. The
committee on Saturday gave the friends
and the opponents of the bill a five-
hour hearing. The opposition comes entirely from the Christian Scientists,
who are demanding a new definition of
the clause relating to the practice of
medicine, which is about all the difference between the bill and the present
law.
A good deal of interest is centering
about the O'Connor public printing bill,
the understanding being that the council will never consent to the passage of
it. There is also a great deal of
inquiry regarding the action of the governor on the eight-hour bill, which has
been in his hands since last Monday.
There are three days for him to hold it
yet, but the fact that he has signed all
the bills which he has so far signed
with promptness has filled the friends
of the bill with apprehension.

A HORSE INSURED FOR $112,000.
New York, March 8. M. W. Savage,
recent purchaser and present owner of
Dan Patch, the famous pacer, has
insured his valuable animal for $112,000.

TO VISIT PORTO RICO.
San Juan, P.R. March 8. Miss Alice
Roosevelt has written, in reply to an
invitation from Miss Elizabeth Hunt,
daughter of Governor Hunt, saying she
will pay Miss Hunt a visit here early
in March.

Prescriptions

Just received our Spring and Summer Stock of Men's High-Art Clothing, made by
Strouse & Bros. These goods are not the ordinary ready-made garments. They
are tailor-made to our order; the cloths, linings, trimmings and buttons were
selected by us with unusual care. The manufacturers of these garments make only
high-art, up-to-date and reliable clothing, the fit and excellence of which is fully
equal to that of tailor-measured suits, and they guarantee the fit, color and making
to be strictly first-class. By simply asking for it, you can get an iron-clad insurance
policy for your suit, it costs you nothing. The prices we ask for Strouse &
Bros.' clothing is about one-half of what you would pay the tailor, and the goods fit
as well, look as well and wear as well. Why pay more when you can get one of these
SUITS FOR $14, $16, $17.50, $18.50, AND THE BEST FOR $20.

New York

GUEST GOT BULLET.

Passed by Just as Intruder Had Been
Frightened Away by Shots.
Altoona, Pa. March 8. As a result of
the whitecap scare in Juniata, a suburb,
Joseph L. Guest was shot last
night.
According to his story, he had been
in Altoona and was returning home.
When passing the Nelson house about
10:30 o'clock, shots were fired, one of
the bullets striking him in the thigh.
The Nelsons say that, prior to the
shooting, a man peered through a rear
window, and on opening the door they
found him standing on the porch. They
asked him what he wanted, and he replied that he "was there for business"
and that he was accompanied by others. One of the inmates of the house rushed
to the porch with a revolver and the
intruder fled. The man on the porch
shot at the fleeing figure, which had
then gained the street.
All who saw the intruder say that
Guest is not the man.

THE OIL OUTLOOK IN PINAL.
Of the progress of operations in the
search for oil in Pinal county, the
Florence Blade publishes the following:
Alonzo Bailey, president of the Pinal
Paraffine Oil Company, came in from
Los Angeles Sunday, and left Monday
for the company's camp in Hackberry,
Wash. He informed the Blade that the
drill at the company's well had passed
through the conglomerate bed and entered
oil sand which gives indications
that a body of oil will be reached
soon. The well now gives out a strong
odor of oil and gas, and the drill comes
up wet with oil float. There is hardly
a doubt now that the Paraffine Oil
Company will strike oil in their prospect well, and that it will be the best
grade of paraffine oil. With this discovery of oil in the heart of the
greatest mineral belt on earth, followed by
the advent of the Phoenix and Eastern
railroad, Pinal county will soon become
the center of attraction for capitalists
seeking safe and profitable investments.

TYPEWRITER CONSOLIDATION.
Works at Harrisburg Are to be
Extended by a $5,000,000 Combine.
Harrisburg, Pa. March 8. It is said
that the Elliott & Hatch Block Type
writer Co. of New York, which has its
factory here, will combine with the
Fisher Book Typewriter Co. of Cleveland, the combined capital to be $5,
000,000. According to the report the Cleveland factors will be abandoned and
the works here will be greatly extended. According to the talk ex-Senator J.
Donald Cameron will be president, with
Hiram J. Hall of this city as manager.

BURGLARS FIRE BLOCK.
Canaan, Conn. March 8. A business
block, containing the post office, a jewelry store, and a savings bank, destroyed with all its contents by fire: a dwelling house partly burned, and at least
one safe looted, is the record of a visit
of burglars to this little village early
today. The loss by fire is estimated at
$10,000, while it is believed that cash
and stamps taken from the post office
will amount to $1000.

WHOLE TOWN POISONED.
Nobleville, Ind., March 8. In the
breaking up of the ice in White river
a water main connecting several water
wells was broken, letting the river water into the reservoirs of the city
plant and poisoning the water to such
an extent that 1,400 cases of sickness
from the effects of drinking the water
are reported.

DYNAMITE IN BOOT EXPLODED.
Mahanoy City, Pa. March 8. While
going toward the mouth of East Bear
Ridge mine drift, at Mahanoy Plane,
this afternoon, Anthony Powaski fell.
A stick of dynamite which he carried
in his boot exploded, badly mangling
both legs.

ART

UNDERWEAR

A new stock of Ladies' Muslin
Underwear just in. Also a full line of
Satin Skirts. We have all prices in
Ribbed Knit Underwear—new goods.

THE

The

9 AND 11 EAST WASHINGTON STREET
Telephone 2741 Phoenix, Arizona

TO
CONSUMPTIVES
Don't be driven off the earth because
you are sufferers, but start a town of
your own and make your own sanitary
regulations.
For Sale Cheap
100 acres in a compact body surrounded by a pine forest one mile distant from the court house at Prescott,
Arizona but outside the city limits.
An ideal spot for a health resort or
sanitarium. For price and terms apply to
KELLY & STEPHENS
Prescott, Ariz.

CLIMBING

PRICE IS RIGHT

5¢ Hygienic
WASH CLOTH

Sanitary

When in need of a Porcelain Bath-Tub, Stationary Wash Stand Or Up
to date Bath Room Fixtures, call and let us estimate the cost.

WILLIAM EVANS

The Sixth Avenue Hotel
Only Home-Like Hotel in Phoenix
Everything New, Neat and Clean
Elegantly Furnished Sunny Rooms

Single Meals 50 cents.

H. M. CHAPMAN, Prop.

Plumbing
Table board $7 a week.
Sam Korrick
Proprietor

The Big Store