2

Arizona Daily Citizen.
PUBLISHED EVERY EVENING EXCEPT SUNDAY BY THE
Gilzen Printing and Publishing Company,
MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS.
DAILY —One Year in advance $7.50
DAILY —Delivered by Carrier, per month $0.65
WEEKLY —One year in advance $2.00
WEEKLY —Six months in advance $1.00
Entered according to Act of Congress as Second class matter at the postoffice of
Tucson, Arizona.
NOTICE—This paper will not be responsible for any bills unless contracted
for and signed by the manager.
O’BRIEN MOORE, Editor and General Manager.
JOHN H. BEHAN, Business Manager.
WORK FOR THE CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION.
We are sorry to see that the Phoenix Republican has taken to
ranting in its editorial columns. The Republican is a very creditable
newspaper, and while under the editorial direction of Mr. C. C. Randolph took high rank as an intelligent controversialist and a logical
exponent of its party’s principles. But of late the Republican has
lowered its tone and raised its billingsgate. The name appearing at
the head of the Republican’s columns as the responsible editor is the
same as that of the superintendent of the little Indian school located
near Phoenix. But the head of the Indian school is a civil servant of
the government and surely he would not dare to berate, deride and
insult one of the most eminent citizens of the United States—a man
who was twice honored with the suffrages of six and a half millions of
people for the exalted office of chief magistrate of the republic.
It is true that the sophomoric angularity of the language used in
the editorial columns of the Republican would suggest the teacher of
an Indian school, or other primary institution of adolescent development; yet we cannot think that the non-partisan civil service commission at Washington would permit one of its puny proteges to publicly
insult one of the greatest of Americans.

Here is the language of the Republican, uttered in unusual type:
“Bryan knows all this, yet substitutes for truth the sin-conceived offspring of his mental prostitution, and calls upon his idolaters to worship the bastard imps of his disorganized brain. He sits like a cock
on a gatepost, crowing at fate; like a cur by the roadside, snapping
and snarling in venomous acrimony at the speeding wheels of the
chariot of progress.” Assuming that the writer of this is the same
person who presides as chief pedagogue at the aboriginal learning factory near Phoenix, the old saw is in order, that the dog can grin at the
king. Mr. Bryan and his teachings have made a profound impression
upon the great minds of the world. Next to the President of the
United States he is the most influential citizen of the United
States. He may or may not be President some day: if he is not made
President he will go to history in the same class as Clay and Blaine.
Yet here we have a tuppeny official, meager in “gray matter” and
rich in fat, lisping about “bastard imps,” and likening one of the
greatest moral and intellectual forces of the time to a “cur by the
roadside.”
We have no desire to question the taste of the Phoenix Republican
for giving lodging to such language in its chief columns, but we
have a right to demand of the United States civil service commission,
that the hirelings of the government be compelled to refrain from the
use of vulgarly abusive language when discussing the ideas of citizens
whose thoughts they are unable to fathom and whose public spirit
they are unable to comprehend.
A MOST DISGRACEFUL ORDER.
A dispatch from London states that the British war office has
promulgated an order that any officer or soldier who displays a white
flag or other token of surrender, in the presence of the enemy, will be
tried by a general court martial.

This cannot be anything less than a mortifying confession on the
part of the British government that British troops are too prone to
surrender, without making a proper fight. It is well known that there
are not more than 15,000 Boers now in arms in South Africa, and that
there are 220,000 trained British soldiers contending with them. It
is difficult to find out what is going on between the Boers and British,
for the reason that the British control the lines of communication
with the outside world and will not permit the transmission of news
except of their own manufacture. One day we are told that De Wet is
hemmed in, and will surely be caught; again we are informed that
De Wet is undoubtedly insane. Then it is given out that Botha is
negotiating for peace, that De La Rey has been trapped and that the whole
Boer cause is on the verge of collapse.
In spite, however, of the rigid British censorship of news, it is
plain that the gallant Boers are still active. We only hear of their
feats indirectly when Kitchener informs his government that the
Boers have released British prisoners. The Boers cannot afford to feed
British prisoners and have adopted the custom of turning them loose
after disarming them. What seems to be reasonably certain is that
De Wet and Botha are treating the British generals in much the same
way that Stonewall Jackson dealt with General Banks during our civil
war. The Boers get their ammunition, their arms, their food supplies
and their clothing from the British. The Boers do not pay for
these commodities—they just take them. If the Boers had places to
hold, and food sufficient to maintain prisoners, it is not improbable
that half the British army now in South Africa would be safely stowed
away in Boer keeping.
This, no doubt, is the reason why the British authorities felt constrained to issue the order that implies so much disgrace and shame
to the British army.
During the time that the gallant farmers of the South African
republics had to deal with only five Britons to one Boer, the British
were constantly on the run, throwing down their arms and raising the
white flag. Many Boer warriors believed the flag of Britain was
white, as it was the only British color they ever saw hoisted. Now
the British war office formally and officially puts the brand of cowardice on the British army by issuing an order that the hoisting of
the white flag in front of the enemy shall be followed by the trial of
the offender by a general court martial.
Shades of Wellington and Beresford and Cardigan! How the
mighty have fallen.

The attorney general of the United States, Philander Chase Knox, of
Pa., was for years the attorney of the Carnegie Steel company, and
was the confidential adviser of J. Pierpont Morgan, the head of the big
steel trust, the organizer of monopolists, and the promoter and
financier of the trust system in
It was but natural that the demand should make Knox a
cabinet officer on the demand of the too great magnates have con
trolled the government secretly; now it is to own them
publicly. The Republican party has been the party
of big business, and in 1890 for
almonaid. In 1896 the
Republican platform denounced trusts, in 1900
it endorsed them. In
the meantime the people have it in their
power to control, regulate or abolish
trusts whenever they want to exercise
their power.
If the gangs of railroad laborers near
the borders of Nevada and Utah who
are fighting for the respective contents
of the Oregon short line and Clark’s
road, were operating on their own
hook they would long ago have been de
nounced as anarchists and United States
troops sent to the scene to suppress
them. But being directed by millionaires in the interest of monopoly they
are not interfered with by the government nor are they denounced by the
capitalistic press.
Oh, for those days oil will begin to
flow in Arizona, and then watch the
crowds come.

ARIZONA DAILY CITIZEN! TUCSON, SATURDAY EVENING, APRIL 13, 1901

St. Vitus’s
Dance, or chorea, is one of the most
pitiable afflictions humanity is called on
to endure. That this disease can be
cured, however, is proven by the fact
that it has been cured by the use of
Dr. Pierce’s Favorite Prescription. The
tranquilizing effect
upon the nerves exercised by this remarkable medicine
is witnessed to by
thousands who have
found healing and
strength in its use.
It not only cures
womanly diseases,
but it promotes the
health of the whole
body. It is a nerve
feeding, strength
giving, sleep-inducing medicine. It
makes weak women
strong and sick
women well.
"Favorite Prescription" contains
no alcohol and is
entirely free from
opium, cocaine, and
all other narcotics.
It cannot disagree
with the weakest
or most delicate constitution.
"When our daughter Lizzie had St. Vitus's
dance, I happened to get one of your small
books and read it." writes Henry H. Miller, Esq.,
of 1016 North 7th St., Burlington, Iowa. "Among
other things I found that Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription cured patients suffering from that
trouble, so I went out and got a bottle. She was
very bad at that time and could hardly talk.
When I read about your medicine in that small
book, I said to myself, with the help of God and
that medicine we can cure our daughter. We
did so. Four bottles of ‘Favorite Prescription’
cured her, and I did not have to take her to the
doctor any more. She is well, thank God and
the Favorite Prescription for it.”
Dr. Pierce’s Pleasant Pellets cure biliousness.

LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
Know all Men by These Presents:
That at the annual meeting of stockholders
of the corporation known as “The Eureka
Crude Oil Company,” held at the city of Tucson, in the county of Pima, Territory of Arizona, on the 19th day of March, A.D. 1901, as
provided by law, the following amendments
to the Articles of Incorporation were regularly,
duly and unanimously adopted by the stock
holders of said corporation.
1. Article I of said Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article I.
“The name of the corporation is and shall be
‘The Eureka Crude Oil Company.’ The principal place for transaction of the corporate
business shall be in the City of Tucson, in the
county of Pima, Territory of Arizona. The
corporation shall have a branch office at the
City of Los Angeles in the State of California.
Meetings of stockholders and directors of the
corporation may be held at Los Angeles if the
stockholders at any regular or special meeting
so direct by a majority vote of all stock represented at such meeting. In that event the
books of the corporation shall be kept in the
Los Angeles office. The corporation hereby
created, intends to carry on business in the
Territory of Arizona and in the State of California, and in other states and territories of
the United States of America.”
Article III of said Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article III.
“The amount of the Capital stock of this
corporation shall be and is two hundred thousand dollars, divided into two hundred thousand shares of the par value of one dollar each
share. One hundred and fifty thousand shares
of the shares of the stock of said corporation
have been set apart and applied to the purchase of a leasehold estate in oil bearing lands
in the county of Los Angeles, State of California, of the estimated value of one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars. The residue of
said stock, amounting to fifty thousand shares,
has been set apart for sale to the public to obtain means to develop said lands. Persons acquiring said stock directly or indirectly from
said corporation shall not be liable to the corporation for any difference between the
amount actually paid for said stock and the
face value of said stock, but all stock issued or
to be issued by said corporation shall be held,
treated and considered as fully paid stock of
the corporation: provided however, that after
three-fourths of the entire capital stock of
said company shall have been issued, the
stock of the corporation held by stockholders
shall be liable to assessment, and may be assessed by the Board of Directors to pay debts
and liabilities of the corporation, and also for
the purpose of carrying on the business of the
corporation. Assessment for said purposes or
any of them may be made in the manner provided by the laws of California, and if made,
shall be in installments not to exceed five
cents per share at any one time. The Board
of Directors may make said assessment of stock
at any regular meeting of the Board held in
the City of Tucson or in the City of Los Angeles, at which a quorum of directors is present.
The stock of the corporation unissued may be
sold by the Company at such price as the said
Directors may, at any meeting, determine, and
when sold said stock shall be issued as fully
paid stock.”
Article IV of said Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article IV.
“The highest amount of indebtedness or liability direct or contingent to which this corporation is at any time to be subjected shall
not exceed the sum of twenty-five thousand
dollars. The indebtedness of the corporation
may be evidenced by notes or bonds executed
by the corporation. Said corporation shall
have the right to secure payment of said indebtedness, or any part thereof, by mortgage,
deed of trust or otherwise as its Board of Directors may direct.”
Article VII of the Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article VII.
“The business and affairs of this corporation
shall be managed and directed by a Board of
five directors who shall be elected annually by the stockholders at the regular meeting of stockholders of the corporation held at the
City of Tucson or at the City of Los Angeles. The Board of Directors
may select the city at which the meetings of
stockholders shall be held and shall provide
for the holding of such meetings in the By-
Laws of the corporation. No person shall be
eligible to the office of director who is not a
holder of capital stock of the corporation, in
his own name, on the books of the company.
Any person ceasing to be a stockholder shall
forthwith cease to be a director and the vacancy thus created in the Board of Directors
shall be filled at the next meeting of the
Board. Any meeting of the Board at which a
quorum is present wherever and whenever
held shall be and is hereby declared to be a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors
whether notice of such meeting shall have
been given or not.”
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF the Chairman
and Secretary of said Stockholders’ meeting
have hereunto set their hands and the Secretary of said corporation has affixed hereto the
corporate seal of said corporation this 19th day
of March, A.D. 1901.
ED. B. SPENCER.
Chairman of Stockholders’ meeting and Vice-
President of “The Eureka Crude Oil Company.”
WALLACE R. PARKER,
Secretary of Stockholders’ meeting.
[Seal,
Attest: Henry A. Greene,
Secretary of The Eureka Crude Oil Company.
State of California,
County of Los Angeles,
On this third day of April in the year one
thousand nine hundred and one before me,
Fred W. Heatherly, a Notary Public in and for
said county of Los Angeles, State of California,
residing therein, duly commissioned and
qualified, personally appeared Ed. B. Spencer,
known to me to be the Vice-President, and
Henry A. Greene, known to me to be the Secretary of The Eureka Crude Oil Company the
Corporation that executed the within instrument. and acknowledged to me that such Corporation executed the same.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto
set my hand and affixed my Official Seal, the
day and year in this Certificate first above
written. FRED W. HEATHERLY,
Notary Public in and for Los Angeles County,
State of California.

State of California,
County of Los Angeles,
Edward Spencer being duly sworn makes oath
and says that he is the Vice-President of "The
Eureka Crude Oil Company," a corporation incorporated under the laws of the Territory of
Arizona; that he was present at the meeting
of stockholders held on the 19th day of March,
A.D. 1901, at the city of Tucson in the Territory
of Arizona mentioned in the foregoing instrument of writing and that affiant acted as
Chairman at said meeting. Affiant says that
the matter as stated in said foregoing instrument of writing are true.
ED. B. SPENCER.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 28th
day of March, A.D. 1901.
In the presence of FRED W. HEATHERLY,
Notary Public in and for the County of Angeles, State of California.
Ist pub April 9th 1901 last April 16, 1901.
WHY SUFFER with those corn and
ingrowing nails when Zimmerman can
cure them without pain. 130 W. Pennington street.

DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
United States Land Office.
Tucson, Arizona,
March 7, 1901.
An affidavit of contest having been filed in
this office by Ambrosia Molino against the
homestead entry of William C. Stewart, No.
2883, made July 6, 1898, for N. E. 8. E. 1/4 section 82, T. 13-S., R. 15 E., G. & S. R. M., wherein
it is alleged that "said William C. Stewart has
wholly failed to make settlement and further
has wholly abandoned said tract within six
months since making said entry, and the abandoning of this tract was not caused by his en
listment in the army, navy, or marine corps of
the United States during the late war with
Spain or any war in which the United States
have recently been engaged; that said tract is
not settled upon and cultivated by said party
as required by law.” And it appearing by a sufficient affidavit filed on the 27th day of November, 1900, that personal service of notice of contest cannot be made upon the said William C.
Stewart and that his whereabouts are unknown, and a request having been made that
notice be given by publication, it is therefore
ordered and all parties of interest are hereby
notified that a hearing upon said affidavit of
contest will be had at the U. S. land office at 2
o'clock p. m. of April 15, 1901.
MILTON R. MOORE,
Register.
Ist pub. March 8, 1901, last pub. April 13, 1901.

PROPOSALS FOR INDIAN SUPPLIES.—Department of the Interior, office of Indian affairs,
Washington, D. C., March 7, 1901. Sealed proposals, indorsed “Proposals for beef, flour,
etc.,” as the case may be, and directed to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, 235 Johnson
St., Chicago, Ill., will be received until 1
o’clock p. m., of Tuesday, April 9, 1901, for furnishing for the Indian service, beef, flour,
bacon, beans, coffee, sugar, rice, tea, and other
articles of subsistence; also for boots and shoes,
groceries, soap, baking powder, crockery, agricultural implements, paints, oils, glass, tin
ware, wagons, harness, leather, shoe findings,
saddlery, etc., hardware, school and medical
supplies, and a long list of miscellaneous articles. Sealed proposals, indorsed “Proposals
for blankets, woolen and cotton goods, clothing, etc., as the case may be, and directed to
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Nos. 77
and 79 Wooster St., New York City, will be received until 1 o’clock p. m. of Tuesday, May 7,
1901, for furnishing for the Indian Service,
blankets, woolen and cotton goods, clothing,
notions, hats and caps. Bids must be made
out on government blanks. Schedules giving
all necessary information for bidders will be
furnished on application to the Indian office,
Washington, D. C.; Nos. 77 and 79 Wooster St., New York City; No. 235 Johnson St., Chicago,
Ill.; No. 1208 Howard St., Omaha, Neb., the Commissaries of Subsistence, U. S. A. at Cheyenne,
Leavenworth, St. Louis, St. Paul and San Francisco; the postmasters at Sioux City, Yankton,
Arkansas City, Caldwell, Topeka, Wichita and Tucson. Bids will be opened at the hour and
days above stated, and bidders are invited to
be present at the opening. The department reserves the right to determine the point of
delivery and to reject any and all bids, or any
part of any bid.
W. A. JONES, Commissioner.
March 16 April 6
Proposals for cavalry horses—Office Chief
Quartermaster, Denver, Colo., March 2, 1901.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received
here until 11 a. m., March 12, 1901, for furnishing cavalry horses as follows: At Fort Grant,
Ariz., 63 horses; at Fort Huachuca, Ariz., 15
horses; at Fort Wingate, N. M., 45 horses. Bids
will be entertained for delivery at prominent
railroad points other than at posts named.
Horses to be in accordance with specifications in circular of instructions to bidders, which
will be furnished, together with blank proposals, on application to this office. U. S. reserves right to accept or reject any or all proposals or any part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked “Proposals for
Cavalry Horses” and addressed Major J. W.
Pope, Chief Q. M.
Office Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.
Feb. 25, 1901. Sealed proposals in triplicate
will be received here until 11 a. m. March 27,
1901, for transportation of military supplies,
routes Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8, and for drayage at Denver, Colo., during the fiscal year
commencing July 1, 1901. U. S. reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals.
Information furnished on application. Envelopes containing proposals should be
marked: “Proposals for Transportation on
Route No.—.” addressed J. W. Pope, Chief Q. M.

Proposals for supplies at road stations, etc.
Office of Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.,
March 25, 1901. Sealed proposals in triplicate
will be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., on April 25, 1901, for furnishing fuel, forage
and water at road stations in this department,
and for fuel at Price, Utah, and Rawlins, Wyo.,
during the fiscal year commencing July 1,
1901. Instructions to bidders and blank forms
of proposals will be furnished on application
to this office. The government reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all bids. J. W.
POPE, Major, Chief Q. M.
Office Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.
April 15, 1901. Sealed proposals in triplicate
will be received here until 11 a. m., May 1,
1901, for transportation of Military Supplies,
Routes Nos. 1, 3, 5, and 8 and for drayage at
Denver, Colo., during the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1901. U. S. reserves right to
accept or reject any or all proposals. Information furnished on application. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked: “Proposals for Transportation on Route No.—” addressed J. W. Pope, Chief Q. M.

Articles of Incorporation of Loma Verde
Copper Company.
We, the undersigned, K. Frank Campbell, C.
Modini-Wood, Thos. O. Paxton, A. E. Driscoll,
and Timothy J. Driscoll hereby voluntarily associate ourselves together and adopt the following articles of incorporation for the purpose of
forming a corporation under the laws of the
Territory of Arizona, United States of America.
And we do hereby certify:
Article I.
That the name of this corporation shall be
Loma Verde Copper Company, and its principal place for transacting business shall be at
Tucson, Pima county, Territory of Arizona, but
the corporation purposes to carry on business
in the state of California and to maintain an
office at Los Angeles, in the state of California,
at which latter place meetings of the stockholders and directors may be held.
Article II.
That the purposes for which this corporation
shall be formed are: (1) to purchase, locate,
rent, and otherwise acquire, to hold, own,
operate and mine, to sell, lease, and otherwise
dispose of mining claims, mineral rights, oil
wells, and real estate, and interests and rights
in any of said properties; (2) to purchase, rent,
and otherwise acquire to hold, own, sell, lease
and otherwise dispose of, to mine for, take out
and extract, smelt, reduce, and otherwise treat,
for itself and also for other persons or corporations, minerals, oils, petroleum, natural gas,
asphaltum, bitumen and other mineral and
hydrocarbon substances; (3) to erect, purchase,
rent, and otherwise acquire, to hold, own,
operate for itself and also for other persons or
corporations, to sell, lease, and otherwise dispose of smelters, concentrators, and other
machinery, pipes, pipe lines, conduits for the
conveyance of air, steam, electricity, water
and any other substance, buildings, and all
appliances for mining, reducing, refining, concentrating, smelting, and otherwise treating
minerals and hydrocarbon substances; (4)
to erect, purchase, rent, and otherwise acquire,
to hold, own, lease, and operate for mining
purposes, ditches and flumes, trams, tramways, trolley lines, cars, boats and other means
of transportation; (5) to erect, purchase, rent,
and otherwise acquire, to hold, own, lease, and
operate steam-plants, electric plants, water
plants, and other plants for the generation of
power, saw mills, stamp-mills, and all other
mills, all of which for itself, and also for other
persons and corporations; (6) to purchase,
rent, and otherwise acquire, to hold, own, sell,
lease, and otherwise dispose of water and water
rights, and to drill, bore and excavate water
wells; (7) to acquire by purchase or in any
other manner, to hold, own, sell and otherwise
dispose of shares, bonds or mortgages of other
corporations; (8) to purchase or otherwise acquire, to hold, sell or otherwise dispose of general merchandise, groceries, dry goods, boots,
and shoes, hardware, mining and other machinery and implements, as well as real and personal property incidental to the trading and
trafficking in the aforesaid commodities; (9)
also to refine, distill, and otherwise treat, pipe,
and store for itself and also for other persons
or corporations, acquire, hold and dispose of
natural gas, asphaltum and other hydrocarbon
substances and for such purposes to purchase,
and otherwise acquire, to hold, own, and operate pipe lines, tanks, cars, boats, and all other
appliances and means of transportation that
may be incidental to or auxiliary to said purpose or may be deemed necessary or convenient
by the board of directors.

Article III.
That the amount of capital stock authorized
to be issued shall be one million dollars ($1,000,000) and the number of shares into which it
shall be divided shall be one million (1,000,000)
of the par value of one dollar ($1.00) each, which
capital stock shall be paid in property received, services rendered, or money, upon the call
of the board of directors, and it shall forever
be non-assessable, and each certificate when
issued shall state upon its face the number of
shares represented thereby, and that the same
are fully paid and non-assessable.
Article IV.
That the date of the commencement of this
corporation shall be the date of the filing
of these articles with the county recorder of the
aforesaid county of Pima, and the corporation
shall exist twenty-five years from its commencement.
Article V.
That the affairs of this corporation shall be
conducted by a board of directors, composed of
five stockholders, who shall be elected on the
first Monday of May, 1901, and until such election, K. Frank Campbell, resident of Los Angeles, California; C. Modini-Wood, resident of
Los Angeles, California; Thos. C. Paxton, resident of Los Angeles, California; A. E. Driscoll, resident of Tucson, Arizona, and Timothy
J. Driscoll, resident of Tucson, Arizona, shall
be the directors of this corporation. The directors shall have power to fill all vacancies in
the board and shall hold until the election
and qualification of their successors.
Article VI.
That the officers of this corporation shall be
a president, vice-president, secretary and treasurer, to be elected by the board of directors,
and such other offices as the board may elect.
Article VII.
That the highest amount of indebtedness or
liability to which this corporation shall subject
itself shall be twenty thousand dollars ($20,000).
Article VIII.
That the private property of each stockholder
of this corporation shall be exempt from any
and all corporation debts.
Article IX.
That the articles of incorporation may be
amended by consent of the stockholders holding two-thirds of the stock issued by this corporation, voting therefor, at any regular meeting of the stockholders, or at any special meeting called for that purpose, and such amendments shall be filed with the county recorder of said county of Pima, and printed as required
by law.
Article X.
That by-laws may be adopted at a meeting of
the stockholders called for that purpose, by
the consent of the stockholders holding two
thirds of the stock issued by this corporation,
voting therefor, or by the assent of all the
stockholders expressed in writing without such
meeting, and amended at any time in the same
manner. The election of directors and the annual meeting of stockholders may be held on
the first Monday of May of each year, and at all
meetings of stockholders stock may be represented and voted by proxy.
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set
our hands and seals this 10th day of April 1901.
K. Frank Campbell,
C. Modini-Wood,
Thos. C. Paxton,
A. E. Driscoll,
Timothy J. Driscoll.
State of California,
County of Los Angeles.
On this 10th day of April, in the year one
thousand nine hundred and one, before me, Edward L. Hutchison, a notary public, in and for
the county of Los Angeles, state of California,
personally appeared K. Frank Campbell, C.
Modini-Wood and Thos. C. Paxton, known to
me to be the same persons whose names are
subscribed to and who executed the foregoing
instrument, and who severally duly acknowledged to me that they executed the aforesaid
articles of incorporation of the Loma Verde
Copper Company for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal the day and
year last above written.
Notarial Seal. Edward L. Hutchison,
Notary Public in and for said County of Los
Angeles, State of California.
Territory of Arizona,
County of Pima.
On this 10th day of April, in the year one
thousand nine hundred and one, before me,
Thomas A. Horton, a Notary Public in and for
said County of Pima, personally appeared Timothy J. Driscoll, and A. E. Driscoll, known to
me to be the same persons whose names are
subscribed to and who executed the foregoing
instrument, and who severally duly acknowledged to me that they executed the aforesaid
Articles of Incorporation of the Loma Verde
Copper Company for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal, the day and
year last above written.
[Seal] Thomas A. Horton,
Notary Public in and for said County of Pima
Territory of Arizona.
My commission expires Jan. 11, 1903.
Ten cent revenue stamp cancelled.
Territory of Arizona,
County of Pima.
I, Charles A. Shibell, County Recorder in and
for the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona,
do hereby certify that the above and foregoing
is a full, true and correct copy of the original
articles of incorporation of the Loma Verde
Copper Company, as the same appears of record in my office in Book No. 2 of Incorporations at page et seq., records of said County of
Pima, Arizona Territory, and as filed and recorded April 10, 1901, at 2:00 o'clock p. m.
Witness my hand and seal of office this 10th
day of April, 1901.
CHARLES A. SHIBELL,
County Recorder, Pima county, Territory of
Arizona.
Ist pub April 11; last April 17, 1901.
Articles of Incorporation of the Shaw
Pharmacy.
We, the undersigned, K. B. Bowerman, Chas.
J. Pence and Bart Burke, do hereby associate
ourselves together and adopt the following
articles of incorporation for the purpose of
forming a corporation under the laws of the
Territory of Arizona:
Article I.
The name of this corporation shall be the
Shaw Pharmacy, and the principal place of
transacting its business shall be at Tucson,
Pima county, Territory of Arizona: but the
corporation proposes to carry on business in
the State of California, and will have an office
at San Francisco, State of California.
Article II.
That the purposes for which this corporation
is formed are: To conduct and carry on the
business of a drug store, and to buy and sell
drugs, medicines, chemicals, perfumeries,
toilet articles, druggist’s sundries and supplies,
patent medicines, and all other articles and
merchandise usually bought and sold by drug
gists and drug stores; and to purchase, lease
and otherwise acquire real estate, buildings,
store rooms and property of all kinds necessary or convenient to carrying on said business.
Article III.
The amount of capital stock authorized to be
issued is twelve thousand ($12,000) shares of the par value of one thousand dollars ($1,000) each, and when issued shall be forever non-assessable.
Article IV.
The time of the commencement of this corporation shall be the date these articles are
filed with the county recorder of said County
of Pima. This corporation shall exist for
twenty-five years from its commencement.
Article V.
The affairs of this corporation shall be conducted by a board of directors composed of
three stockholders. The first election of directors shall be held on the fourth Monday in
April, 1901; and until such election K. B. Bowerman, Chas. J. Pence and Bart Burke shall
serve as such directors.
Article VI.
The highest amount of indebtedness to which
this corporation shall subject itself shall be
two thousand dollars ($2,000).
Article VII.
The private property of the stockholders of
this corporation shall be exempt from liability
for the corporate debts.
Article VIII.
These articles of incorporation may be
amended by a two-thirds vote of the stockholders of this corporation at any regular
meeting of the stockholders or any special
meeting called for that purpose, and the amendments shall be filed with the county recorder
of said Pima county, and printed as required
by law.
Article IX.
That the directors of this corporation may
adopt by-laws for this corporation. The stockholders annual meeting and the election of
directors shall be held yearly on the fourth
Monday of April of each year. The term of
office of the directors shall be one year and
until their successors are duly elected.
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set
our hands and seals this 3rd day of April, 1901.
K. B. Bowerman, Seal
Bart Burke, Seal
Chas. J. Pence, Seal
State of California,
City and County of San Francisco.
On the 3rd day of April, in the year One
Thousand Nine Hundred and One, before me,
K. H. Treat, a notary public in and for the said
city and county, residing therein, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared K.
B. Bowerman, Chas. J. Pence and Bart Burke
known to me to be the persons described in
whose names are subscribed to and who executed the annexed instrument, and they each
and all acknowledged that they executed the
same.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal, at my office
in the city and county of San Francisco, the
day and year in this certificate first above
written.
K. H. TREAT,
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
Ist pub April 11; last April 19.
Articles of Incorporation of the Densmore-
Stabler Refining Company.
Know all Men by These Presents: That
we, the undersigned, residents of the city
and county of Los Angeles, California,
have associated ourselves together for
the purpose of forming a corporation under the laws of the Territory of Arizona,
and we do hereby certify:
First: That the name of the corporation
shall be the Densmore-Stabler Refining Company, and its principal place
of business shall be at Tucson, in the
Territory of Arizona, but it shall have a
branch office in the city of Los Angeles
county of Los Angeles, California.
Second: That the general nature of
the business to be transacted by said
corporation is: to buy, sell, handle and
deal in oil of all kinds whatsoever produced in or developed from the earth; to
refine, distill, or otherwise transform
change, or alter the character or substance of such oil; to deal in or handle
petroleum products of any character
whatsoever.
To acquire and dispose of real estate
when necessary for or incidental to the
carrying on of the business of the corporation; to establish and maintain pipe
lines, and train and rail ways, and to
acquire rights of way, easements, or
franchises therefor.
To maintain tankage or storage for
the storing of any of the products of the
corporation, or of any oil produced from
or developed in the earth, whether the
same shall belong to said corporation
or not.
Third: That the amount of capital
stock authorized is $650,000.00 and the
number of shares into which it shall be
divided is 6500, of the par value of
$100.00 each.
That of said stock 6000 shares shall
be common stock and 500 shares shall
be preferred stock. That said common
stock shall alone be voted, and said
preferred stock shall have no voting
power.
That of the net earnings there shall
yearly be apportioned one-half to the
common stock, and one-half to the preferred stock. On the preferred stock there
shall be paid yearly dividends at the rate
of six per cent per annum, but said dividends shall be paid only out of the half
of said net earnings to be apportioned to
said preferred stock. If, during any year,
there shall be a lack of earnings sufficient
to permit payment of said six per cent
dividend to the preferred stockholders,
then any deficiency shall be made up
from the dividends of succeeding years.
If, after all dividends due upon the preferred stock shall have been paid from
said one-half of the net earnings to be
apportioned thereto, there shall remain
any surplus, then the corporation shall,
on demand of any preferred stockholder,
redeem such pro rata portion of his holding of preferred stock, as the amount of
such balance will permit. If any balance
of the profits apportioned to the preferred
stock shall remain unappropriated to the
holders thereof three months after notice
that the same is available for redemption of preferred stock, then said balance
may be diverted to such use of the corporation as the Board of Directors may
deem prudent. But said preferred stock
shall not participate in the earnings of the
corporation in excess of a dividend at the
rate of six per cent per annum.
Upon the termination of the corporate
life of this corporation, by limitation, or
from any cause whatsoever, all preferred
stockholders shall, out of any assets of
the corporation available for distribution
among the stockholders, first be paid the
par value of the preferred stock held by
them, before any distribution of said assets
shall be made to the holders of common stock.
Fourth: All of said stock shall be fully
paid and non-assessable. All of said
common stock and said preferred stock
shall be paid in upon the issuance thereof.
Fifth: That the time of the commencement of this corporation shall be February 11, 1901, and its corporate life
shall endure for the period of twenty-five
years thereafter.
Sixth: That the highest amount of indebtedness or liability to which this corporation shall at any time be subjected shall
not exceed the net assets of the corporation at said time.
Seventh: That the private property of each officer and stockholder
of this corporation shall be exempt from
liability for corporate debts.
Eighth: That the affairs of this corporation shall be directed by a
board of five directors, who shall be elected
annually by the stockholders at the regular
meeting of the stockholders held on the first
Tuesday of February and the second Monday of each year, 1901; but if, before said
meeting is called, two-thirds of the capital
stock having a vote, shall in writing, kept on
file with the secretary, request that no election be held the ensuing year, then the Board
of Directors then in office shall continue
until the next election. But at the first annual meeting of the stockholders
under these Articles, and until such time
as their successors shall have been elected and
qualified, the following persons have been
selected and appointed to serve as directors
for the corporation, to wit:
Emmet Densmore
L. J. Stabler
G. S. Holton
Dax Lot Densmore
Wm. H. Berner
Ten cent Revenue Stamp cancelled.

State of California,
County of Los Angeles.
On this 11th day of February, in the year one
thousand nine hundred and one, before me, W. C. Petcher, a notary
public in and for Los Angeles county,
California, personally appeared Emmet
Densmore, L. J. Stabler, Wm. H. Berner,
Dax Lot Densmore and G. S. Holton, personally known to me to be the
persons whose names are subscribed to
the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged
to me that they executed the same
for the purpose and consideration therein
expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of office
this 11th day of February, 1901.
(Notarial Seal) W. C. Petcher,
Notary Public in and for Los Angeles
County, Cal.
Ten cent Rev. stamp cancelled.

Territory of Arizona,
County of Pima.
I, Chas. A. Shibell, county recorder in
and for the County of Pima, Territory
of Arizona, do hereby certify that the
above and foregoing is a full, true and
correct copy of the original articles of
incorporation of Densmore-Stabler Refining Company as the same appears on
record in my office in book Two of Incorporations at page 226 records of said
County of Pima, Territory of Arizona,
as recorded February 13, 1901.
In witness whereof I have hereunto
set my hand and seal of office this 13th
day of February, 1901.
(Seal) Chas. A. Shibell,
County Recorder in and for the County
of Pima, Territory of Arizona.
Ten cent Rev. stamp cancelled.
Ist pub April 13, last April 19.

Southern Pacific Railroad Time Table.
Number 33.
EASTWARD Nov. 8, 1900 WESTWARD
26 12 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
PM PM PM PM PM PM PM PM PM PM PM PM
12:20 1:00 1:40 2:20 3:00 3:40 4:20 5:00 5:40 6:20 7:00 7:40
STATIONS.
Tucson 12:20 1:00
Bisbee 1:00 1:40
Douglas 1:40 2:20
Naco 2:20 3:00
Arizona City 3:00 3:40
Tucson 3:40 4:20
Tucson 4:20 5:00
Tucson 5:00 5:40
Tucson 5:40 6:20
Tucson 6:20 7:00
Tucson 7:00 7:40
Sunset Limited passes eastward on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays.
Sunset Limited passes westward on Wednesdays, Saturdays and Mondays.