TMJ

ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, PHOENIX, SUNDAY
MORNING, JUNE 14, 1891.

ABOUT TOWN.

INTERVIEW ON GENERAL MAT
TERS OF INTEREST.
Mr. C. E. Berwick, of Australia, in
Arizona on business — Mr. M. M. Grif
fith on the Cattle Season.

Mr. C. E. Berwick, of Ashburton, is in
town. He arrived yesterday, having
been twenty-five days from Australia by
sea and two days from San Francisco.
He is here representing his father in the
matter of the Battersea mining camp.
A reporter met Mr. Berwick and found
him a very nice gentleman to talk to.
He is well informed and intelligent. On
the way from Australia Mr. Berwick
met with a singular experience. His
grip, containing his letters, was stolen
from him and he came to America not
knowing anything about the country
and only knowing he was bound for
Phoenix, Arizona. He arrived here
safely and the hotel clerk told him what
mine he wanted to see. Mr. Berwick
leaves this morning for the mine to be
gone some time. His father will come
over from England very shortly to look
into this mine himself. As to Austra
lian matters the only thing that was go
ing on was a tremendous strike. When
he left Australia the strikers had al
ready lost £2,000,000. The sheep shear
ers get 8 or 10 a week. They belong
to a union and are always fighting em
ployers who hire non-union laborers.
As to the Federation Government in
Australia, Mr. Berwick could not say
what would finally be done. The matter
was all settled and it was decided to
have one Government, but it fell through
because they could not decide
where to have the Parliament. New
South Wales wanted it and fought hard
for it, and so did every other province.
They could not decide on any point at
which to put the capital and so the
matter was dropped. They all want a
federation and realize the necessity for
it. Mr. Berwick thought a federation
would be formed before very long. He
came from the northwest portion of
Australia, where they see a paper about
every two months, and he could not tell
about the latest events. He has lived
in Australia about seven years, having
come originally from England.

THE CATTLE MARKET.

Mr. M. M. Griffith, of Tucson, is in
town on business. He wants to put
about 400 or 500 head of cattle to pasture
at Tempe or Phoenix. In speaking of
the present cattle season, Mr. Griffith
said that the people were surprised at
the strange turn of the market. Never
before in twenty years has the cattle
market dropped as it has this year. It
generally falls in June, but this year the
market took a sudden fall in May. The
reason for this, said Mr. Griffith, is be
cause the cattlemen sent too many cat
tle to Chicago and Kansas City. There
were enough cattle to supply the
market; they did not want any more.

PRESCOTT & PHOENIX ROAD.

Mr. St. Claire, of St. Claire & Pratt,
has just returned from Los Angeles,
where he had been for the past two
weeks. While there he met Judge
Hazeldine, attorney for the Atlantic &
Pacific road. Judge Hazeldine, in speak
ing of the Prescott & Phoenix railroad,
said that he had met Mr. Robinson,
who was perfectly charmed with this
valley. In fact the whole party were
charmed and they all said that the road
would be built. Mr. Robinson said
when he came round to it they would
build the road.

THE HOTELS.

HILLS HOUSE.

E. F. Kellner, Globe; M. M. Griffith, Tucson.

CENTRAL HOTEL.

C. Patterson, San Diego; D. Williams, San Diego.

COMMERCIAL HOTEL.

A. W. Lewis, Cincinnati; C. E. Berwick, San Fran’co;
R. H. Foster, Texas; Mrs. Sallie A. Maxey, Mo.

CHURCH SERVICES.

First Baptist Church—Corner of Mohave
and Jefferson streets. E. I. Dickerson, Pastor.
Sunday School at 9:30 a.m. Preaching at 11
a.m. All are welcome. No evening service.

Church of Christ—Corner Jefferson and
Maricopa streets. A. H. Herring, Evangelist.
Sunday School at 9:45 a.m. Preaching at 11 a.m.
Subject “Our Separations.” Only one service.
Public cordially invited.

Washington Street M. E. Church—Rev.
C. G. Pearson, pastor. Services today as fol
lows: Preaching at 11 a.m. and 7:30 p.m., and
Sunday School at 9:45 a.m. and Epworth League
at 6:45 p.m.

Real Estate Transfers.

The following instruments were filed
for record in the County Recorder’s
office yesterday:

J. Edwin Peck and Frank J. Peck to R. S.
Jones—SW ¼ of SW ¼ of section 35, township 2,
for $1500.
Isaac N. Taylor et al. to Mormon Girl Mining
Company, Mormon Girl mine, Minnie Maude
mine, Henry W. Gandy mine, Atlantic mine,
Bell Mary mine, Anything mine, Mormon mine
No. 2, and all implements attached to them and
machinery now on them, for $1,500,000.

PREFERRED LOCALS.

To the Ladies.

Before purchasing, call and examine
our stock. We will not be undersold.
Mrs. J. E. Hawley & Co.
Hats at half price.
Mrs. J. E. Hawley & Co.

Lost—On Thursday, June 11, at the
Arizona Falls, a lady’s gray alpaca
duster. The finder will receive a suit
able reward by leaving it at The Repub
lican office.

New invoice of millinery and fifty
suits fine cassimere clothing, to sell at
$5.00, $6.50, $7.00 a suit, worth
double. Racket Store.

Lost—A bunch of keys, with the
name Hong Loy on them. The finder
will be rewarded if he will bring them
to the Wing Hi laundry, corner of Mari
copa and Washington streets.

St. Claire & Pratt, stationers.

Saddles and harness at F. J. Villaseñor,
Tucson, A. T.

Miss K. L. Borquez, Spanish teacher,
residence, Maricopa street.

For a first-class breakfast go to the
Maricopa House, at Maricopa.

Postoffice fruit stand keeps fruits,
nuts, candies, cigars and tobacco. 142

Cheapest place in town to buy fruits,
confectionery, etc., at Mesa fruit store.

Good coffee and choice meats cooked
in any style can always be had at the
“Nickel Plate.” 105

Rooms, summer rate $5 to $10. Center
one and one-half blocks north of Wash
ington, Windsor House.

Take the Phoenix and Tempe stage.
Light rig, easy riding, no fording. Leave
Commercial Hotel at 6 a.m.

Fifty pounds of ice for 40 cents; 75
cents per 100 pounds, at the Phoenix Ice
Factory. S. D. Lount & Son.

Go to the “Nickel Plate” for good
food and prompt attention. Get what
you pay for, and pay for what you get.