ARIZONA REPUBLICAN
AN INDEPENDENT PROGRESSIVE JOURNAL

Buy The
Products
of Arizona
Buy Arizona Dairy
Products
-3f
THIRTY-SECOND YEAR
10 PAGES
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 28, 1921
10 PAGES
VOL. XXXII, NO. 92

JAPAN ACCEPTS
INVITATION TO
CONFERENCE ON
DISARMAMENT

OFFICIAL CIRCLES PLEASED WITH
JAPAN'S REPLY; REGARD WAY NOW
CLEAR FOR PRELIMINARY NEGOTI
ATIONS FOR CONFERENCE

Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON. July 27 Japan's
definite acceptance of a place in the
disarmament conference, which
reached the state department today,
gives consent to a discussion of Far
Eastern questions in connection with
the conference, but suggests that
problems which concern only partic
ular powers or which can be regarded as closed incidents be
omitted.
There was every evidence of satis
faction over the reply in official
circles and it was indicated that the
way now was regarded as clear for
the preliminary negotiations which
will fix the time and place of meet
ing and details of procedure.
A comprehensive consideration of
the conference program before the
delegates assemble also was sug
gested in the Japanese note and now
is regarded as assured. The attitude
of officials here has been that such
a discussion would be in place once
all the invited powers had accepted
invitations.
A portion of the Japanese reply
which attracted attention was a par
agraph declaring it the sense of
Japan that during the conference
"problems such as are of sole concern
to certain particular powers or such
matters that may be regarded as
accomplished facts should be scrup
ulously avoided." It was made plain,
however, that officials here regarded
this statement not as a condition of
acceptance by Japan, but as a fore
cast of the attitude she will take on
the conference program.
It is pointed out that Japan agrees
to a discussion of such subjects as
may be regarded as bearing directly
on disarmament and says that she is
willing to talk about Pacific and Far
Eastern questions. It is suggested
that some questions which might
otherwise affect "only two or three
powers will readily find a place in
the category which the Tokio gov
ernment has accepted."
It was recalled here in connection
with the Japanese reference to "such
matters that may be regarded as
accomplished facts," that the Japanese
ambassador at London recently indi
cated that his government would not
care to discuss questions like Shantung
and Yap because it regarded
them as having been settled by the
treaty at Versailles. In other quar
ters, however, it has been pointed out
that the Versailles treaty is not
recognized by China so far as Shan
tung is concerned and that the
United States has not consented to
the treaty's terms on Yap and other
mandate territories so that in each
case an open question is raised which
would seem to make further nego
tiations necessary.
It also is emphasized that because
of the situation in the Far East
where various powers have a direct
concern in Chinese integrity and
have large material interests and
concessions, it may be difficult to
agree that any particular question
affects only a limited number of na
tions. All of this, however, is ex
pected to be threshed out in the ex
change of views which is to precede
the conference.
o o o
Harding Approves
Dawes Coordinate
Purchasing Plan
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, July 27. An ex
ecutive order to co-ordinate purchas
ing for the army, navy and shipping
board and to permit transfer of sur
plus supplies from one government
agency to another, was signed today
by President Harding. Director
Dawes of the budget bureau origin
ated the order, which divides the
country into zones corresponding to
army corps areas for supply purchas
ing with a general purchasing agent
for each area, all working under a
purchasing supervisor in Washing
ton.
General Dawes said the order must
not create the impression that the
war and navy departments are being
placed in control of the budget or
ganization. In each of the nine
areas, the order provided for the
selection of an official known as the
"co-ordinator." They are to serve
under a chief co-ordinator of general
supply at Washington.
The co-ordinator will have charge
of sales of surplus government pro
perty in their areas as well as exer
cise supervision over the purchase
functions of the several departments
and establishments.
German Shipment Of
Silver Reaches U. S.
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
NEW YORK. July 27. Silver
valued at from $750,000 to $800,000 to be
converted into dollar credits to aid in
meeting reparations payments, before
August 31, arrived from Germany
yesterday. The shipment was con
signed to the Equitable Trust Co., by
the Reichsbank.

DO YOU KNOW:
That the Salt River valley has shipped 1,387 cars
of cantaloupes this season up to July 20? Conservative
estimate is $600,000 worth. All sold at a good
profit to the grower. Last year, same date, 944 cars.
Don't be a pessimist wake up!
We Believe In Arizona!

House Committee
Finds One Woman

Against Smoking
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, July 27 Out of
a room full of women at a house
committee hearing today, only one
indicated that she favored a law to
prohibit feminine smokers from puff
ing cigarettes in public.
A bill by Representative Johnson,
Democrat of Mississippi, would pro
vide a fine of $25 for women who
smoke in public places in the District
of Columbia, a $100 dollar fine if
they repeated the offense, and a simi
lar schedule for proprietors of hotels,
restaurants and "public vehicles" who
fail to enforce the ban. One male
spectator saw need for the law, while
19 opposed it.
Japanese May Ask
U.S. To Dismantle
Pacific Defenses
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
TOKIO, July 26. According to the
Asahi, the navy department is draw
ing up a project for the disarmament
conference designed to foresee all
eventualities and by which, before
engaging in a general discussion of
limitation of armaments, Japan
would propose recognition of the free
dom of the seas and especially rec
ognition of the principle of dismantling
defenses of the islands of the Pacific.
Considering the establishment of
powerful American naval bases in
Hawaii and Guam might constitute
the starting places for an attack
against Japan.
A continuation of these bases, the
newspaper asserts, might necessitate
the navy recommending that the gov
ernment make an addition to the eight
capital ships at present provided for
in the eight battleship, eight cruiser
program.
The fundamental idea is described
as being the removal of possible of
fensive menace by both sides. The
project will be subject to all active
and retired officers at a conference
of the navy, war and foreign depart
ments.
Takeshi Inukai, leader of the Ko-kumin-To
or nationalist party in an
interview today said some persons
regarded the conference in the light
of a great naval disaster, but that he
is convinced it will prove an oppor
tunity to promote world welfare.
o o o
Nevada Governor
Will Not Barter
State Resources
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
CARSON CITY, Nevada, July 27.
The application filed last week by the
City of Los Angeles for authority to
appropriate water from the Colorado
river in Boulder canyon for hydro
electric power development has been
returned for correction, it was an
nounced today by state authorities,
who said they had insisted that sepa
rate applications be filed for power
and storage.
Governor Boyle said the state would
not act in the matter until it was
known in detail just what each of the
various public and private proposals
for Boulder canyon development
really meant. He declared the state
would not permit "bartering away
forever our rights to development of
our own rich and vast territory with
our own resources."
Republican Leaders
Concede Defeat Of
Norris Senate Bill
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, July 27. Failure
in the senate of the Norris bill to
create a government agricultural ex
port financing corporation virtually
was conceded today by the republican
leaders and the agricultural com
mittee, of which Senator Norris is
chairman, decided to attempt drafting
of a compromise substitute to be
brought up tomorrow. The action
followed President Harding's recom
mendations that the war finance cor
poration be given power to finance
agricultural exports.
Engineer Injured In
Fall In Yosemite Has
Chance For Recovery
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
YOSEMITE, Cal., July 27. Fred
erick H. Morley, a mining engineer,
whose skull was fractured in a fall
in Yosemite national park last Satur
day, has an even chance for recovery,
it was said today. Morley came to
California four years ago from Den
ver.

West Confesses

Slaying Oil Man
On Arizona Trip
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 27.
Theodore West, who confessed to the
slaying of Lem Smith, Texas and Okla
homa oil man, near Oatman, Ariz.,
Sunday, will leave Los Angeles today
for Arizona in custody of Sheriff Ma
honey of Kingman, according to plans
announced by the sheriff. He will
face a charge of murder, the sheriff
said.
West told officers here he had
shot Smith, with whom he had trav
eled 1,800 miles by automobile from
Brownwood, Tex., through "fright."
"Smith had told me to get into the
back of the car and go to sleep," he
said. "A revolver he had got in trade
for a shotgun at Kingman was
strapped to the outside of a traveling
bag and the bag was in the back of
the car.
"I was asleep. I felt someone fin
gering my clothes and thought we
were being robbed. I grabbed the re
volver and started shooting. I don't
know how many shots I fired. Then
I saw Smith fall out the side of the
car and the machine ran up the side
of an embankment and stopped.
When I got out Smith's shoulder was
against the back wheel."
West said he made his way to Los
Angeles by riding on freight trains
and picking up rides with automobilists.
He was arrested here when
he claimed baggage said to have be
longed to Smith and himself.
BILL TO EXTEND
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, July 27. A bi
partisan movement in the senate to
day got behind the administration
plan for agricultural credits as a sub
stitute for the Norris bill, caused a
split in the unofficial agricultural
bloc of senators, and roused a vigor
ous protest from Senator Norris, Re
publican of Nebraska, in charge of the
measure bearing his name.
Charges of "political machine"
tactics against his bill were made by
Senator Norris, whose verbal blast
included the administration broadly,
the White House, Vice-President
Coolidge, the cabinet and other gov
ernment officials and senators.
The attack which followed an
agreement today between Republi
cans and Democrats to support the
administration plan to have the war
finance corporation placed in charge
of agricultural credits, was directed
at the substitute bill of Senator Kel
logg, Republican of Minnesota. This
measure was drafted by Secretary
Hoover and Director Meyer, of the
war finance corporation, and was
introduced yesterday before a message
from President Harding suggesting
such a measure was read.
Characterizing the Kellogg bill as
"an illegitimate child," Secretary
Hoover and Director Meyer as "wet
foster fathers," Senator Norris said
that the effort to defeat his bill was
the topic of many White House con
ferences. It was "no secret," he said,
that the administration was opposed
to the Norris bill. Suggestions "of
collusion between Vice-President
Coolidge and Senator Curtis of Kan
sas, Republican whip, in connection
with Senator Kellogg's introduction of
the substitute, were made by the sen
ator. He said Senator Curtis, presiding
over the senate while Mr. Coolidge was
attending the Tuesday cabinet meeting,
had given the floor to Senator Kellogg
without the latter requesting recogni
tion. If such plans as were arranged,
Senator Norris said, and soon after
their consummation, he continued, Mr.
Coolidge entered the senate.
(Continued on Page Two)
KILLED IN EFFORT
TO SAVE HIS WIFE
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
BANFF, Alta., July 27. Dr. W. E.
Stone, president of Purdue university,
gave his life in the solitary fastness
of Mount Eanon, in an effort to save
his wife, who had fallen to a narrow
ledge on the face of a deep crevice.
With Mrs. Stone in his arms he was
attempting to scale the steep side of
the cliff when he lost his footing and
hurtled to the bottom of the chasm.
Mrs. Stone, who slid back to her
former position, far above the body
of her husband, will recover from her
injuries and the effects of being vir
tually without food for eight days
and nights, according to meager re
ports.
She is being taken by stretcher to
a camp on Marble Creek, nine miles
from the spot where she was found.
A party of nurses have left here to
attend her.
Dr. Stone's body has not been re
covered. It is wedged between two
jagged rocks at the bottom of the
crevice, the walls of which render
descent difficult.
Mr. and Mrs. Stone left Banff July
15 to attempt the ascent of Mount
Eanon. Both were experienced climb
ers. They carried rations for four
days and at the foot of the mountain
discarded everything save essentials.
Shortly after the ascent was begun,
reports say, Mrs. Stone slipped and
fell to a ledge on the face of a
crevice. Descending to her and
taking Mrs. Stone in his arms, Dr.
Stone attempted to climb with her up
the walls. He lost his footing and
hurtled to the bottom.
Searching parties had been comb
ing the face of the mountain since
concern first began to be felt for the
safety of the couple. It was not
until Mrs. Stone was found almost
dead from hunger and exposure that
their search was rewarded.

NORRIS ATTACKS
ADMINISTRATION
FARMER CREDITS

PURDUE PRESIDENT

Taxpayers Pay $1,187.04
Per Minute For Idle

(NOTE J. Frederick Richardson is a former shipping board
employe and was an investigator for the congressional select com
mittee on U. S. shipping board operations. He has spent four years
in an intensive study of the American merchant marine.)
BY J. FREDERICK RICHARDSON
SAN FRANCISCO, July 27. It is costing the taxpayers of America
$1,187.04 a minute to maintain an American merchant marine on the mud
flats.

It cost these same taxpayers four billion dollars to build a fleet of
ships, primarily for war purposes, secondarily for an American merchant
marine.
Today practically all of these ships have their plates out on mudflats at Benicia,
California, in Lake Union at Seattle,
in the marshes at Wilson's Point, Long Island Sound, and on the murky
bosom of Chesapeake Bay at Norfolk.

In two years it has cost the taxpayers of the United States $1,245,000,000
to support this fleet of ships most of whom knows how much more in operating losses, repair bills, etc., for those operating
in the marshes at Wilson's Point, Long Island Sound, and on the murky
half a billion dollars.

The figures are startling.
The United States shipping board is writing off its books an annual
depreciation of 6 per cent on this four billion dollar fleet.
In other words, rusting, rotting
each year are $200,000,000 of the people's money.

The interest on that $4,000,000,000 is $160,000,000. So along with
the rusting and rotting of the $200,000,000 goes the $160,000,000 interest,
$320,000,000 in two years.

The cost of guarding this fleet,
repair and supporting an army of accountants, is, according to a recent
statement of Mr. Lasker, newly named chairman of the board, draining the
people's treasury at the rate of $22,000,000 a month, $264,000,000 a year,
$528,000,000 in two years. And this fleet has been lying idle or operating
at a loss for more than two years.
To be added to this is the loss of
each year, the loss of interest on the cost of upkeep each year; and, ex
perienced shipping men say, the depreciation of an idle fleet is twice the
per cent written off.

DEFENSE SCORES
BIG VICTORY IN
BASEBALL TRIAL

Republican A. P. Leased Wire
CHICAGO, July 27. The defense in
the baseball trial today in three
hours tore down the network of evi
dence woven by the state in seven
days sufficiently to bring immediate
freedom to two defendants, obtained
a tentative promise from the presid
ing judge for freedom for three others
and presented an alibi supported by
two witnesses and numerous written
records for a sixth of the eleven men
on trial.
As a result of the defense's first
attack, Louis and Ben Levi of Ko
komo, Ind., were legally freed of any
connection with the deal through
which it is alleged Chicago White
Sox players agreed to throw the 1919
world series for $100,000. Emore weaver
and Happy Felsch, once idols of
the American league, and Carl Zork
of St. Louis were promised acquittal
by Judge Friend unless further evi
dence is presented against them and
David Zelcer of Des Moines, Iowa,
presented an alibi through his own
testimony which was corroborated by
witnesses and documents introduced.
Tomorrow the defense will begin
trying to free Joe Jackson, Eddie Ci
cotte, Claude Williams, Chick Gandil
and Swede Risberg. First on the
schedule, however, will be a number
of witnesses from St. Louis to tes
tify for Zork, the defense wishing to
make his case as strong as possible.
Following him Weaver, Felsch and
Risberg will testify, with Chick Gandil
probably coming next. The defense
does not expect to finish before the
middle of next week.
The state rested its case today after
Billy Maharg of Philadelphia gave
testimony corroborating that pre
viously given by Bill Burns, the ad
mitted accomplice.
The defense then presented motions
for dismissal of the charges against
the Levis, Felsch, Weaver, Zelcer
and Joe Jackson. The state promptly
dropped the cases against the Levis,
but refused to take a similar action
(Continued on Page Two)
DE VALERA'S IDEA
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
LONDON, July 27. A meeting of
all available members of the Irish
Republican cabinet today gave fur
ther prolonged discussion to the
British government's proposals rela
tive to an Irish settlement, but ap
parently reached no decision.
A communication from Eamonn de
Valera is reported to have reached
the British premier, probably seeking
further elucidation on some doubtful
points in the proposals.
Another significant incident today
was the postponement by General Jan
C. Smuts of his departure for South
Africa until August 5, which was
taken to imply the belief that his
services as mediator may again be
needed.
Even more interesting, however,
was the speech of Lord Birkenhead,
lord high chancellor in the house of
lords, intimating that the government
anticipates that the negotiations may
last for weeks and inviting the parlia
ment and country to have patience
with the difficulties De Valera and
his colleagues may be experiencing
in Dublin. He reproved rebellious
unionists in the coalition who de
nounced the government's policy as
shameful and humiliating. The lord
chancellor probably had these union
ists in mind when he added that in
the event of an Irish settlement being
reached and parliament refusing to
accept it the government would
consider going to the country for its
approval. Like Mr. Chamberlain in
the house of commons yesterday,
Lord Birkenhead took an optimistic
view of the negotiations.
There is a growing belief in Dublin
that de Valera is waiting for release
of the remainder of the members of
the Dail Eireann before taking a de
cisive step.

FOR MORE PLANS

Market Decline
Wrecks Fortune
Of L. K. Liggett
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
BOSTON, July 27 The fortune of
Louis K. Liggett, head of the United
Drug company and of Liggett's Inter
national, Ltd., and interested in many
other big businesses, has been seri
ously depleted, it was learned today.
A statement announced that his af
fairs had been placed in the hands
of trustees, but the extent of im
pairment was not officially made
known.
The two day decline in the market
price of the common stock of the
United Drug company was given as
the immediate cause of the action to
conserve his assets for the protection
of creditors. His losses, however,
have extended over a year or more
and are understood to have been due
to sugar and ventures that suffered
heavily with the collapse of commodity
values and stock prices.
The fortune of millions that he had
built up as he developed from a drug
clerk to master of the drug industry,
dwindled to such an extent that he
has been forced to many economies
in recent months. His stable of show
horses was sold and other savings ef
fected.
For several weeks Mr. Liggett has
divided his time between efforts to
work out his financial salvation and
his duties as chairman of the Pilgrim
tercentenary commission.
HAS NOT
GIVEN UP PLAN
TO PEACEFULLY
RESIST
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
SPRINGFIELD, Ill., July 27. Gov
ernor Small's attitude toward "un
conditional surrender" to Sangamon
county authorities waiting to arrest
him on charges of embezzlement and
conspiracy to loot the state treasury
while he was state treasurer had not
been made known to Sheriff Henry
Mester tonight. No response came
from Chicago to his message refusing
to place the governor under arrest in
Cook county, as proposed by Albert
Fink, counsel for the governor.
Sensing a plan, they said, to involve
them in habeas corpus proceedings in
Cook county, the sheriff and State's
Attorney Mortimer declined the overtures
of Mr. Fink and are awaiting
the governor's return here.
Friends of Governor Small said
they believed he had not given up his
intention peacefully to resist arrest,
adding that he would probably exhaust
all privileges he could obtain from
the courts before surrendering.
A writ of habeas corpus, it was
pointed out, could not be obtained un
til the governor is arrested and nothing
but time would develop in the case
while he remained away from the
capital. For this reason county au
thorities looked for the governor's
early return here.
SMALL LEAVES CHICAGO
CHICAGO, July 27. Mystery to
night marked the movements and
plans of Governor Small, following a
day of conferences with his attorneys
and advisers here.
Eluding newspaper men, the gover
nor went from his hotel to the home
of Albert Fink, his chief counsel, and
then to a downtown office for an
afternoon conference.
Newspaper men who watched Mr.
Fink's office, where the attorney said
last night in a telegram to Sheriff
Henry Mester of Sangamon county
the governor would be today prepared
to submit to arrest, failed to see
either Mr. Small or his lawyers.
Refusal of the Sangamon county
authorities to come here and arrest
the governor and their expressed will
ingness to await his return to
Springfield upset plans laid last night
for a hearing on habeas corpus pro
ceedings before a Cook county court.
While friends of Governor Small
announced that he had left for his
home in Kankakee, the governor had
not arrived there tonight, according
to members of his family.
It is understood generally that the
executive has left Chicago, it now
being believed he has returned to
Springfield.
o o o
War Finance Body
Has Cash Credit
Of $403,827,771.29
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, July 17. In a
statement of its financial condition
issued today, the war finance corpo
ration showed a cash credit on hand
with the treasurer of the United
States of $403,827,771.29. Outstanding
loans amounted to $199,903,838.39, of
which $65,856,479.59 represented loans
made under its war powers. Out
standing loans under export finance
authority totalled $34,047,359.80. To
tal loans heretofore made aggregated
$359,586,049.58, while repayments ag
gregated $259,682,210.19.
While the $400,000,000 credit with
the treasurer would be available for
payments to the railroads in the
event of the passage of legislation
suggested to congress by President
Harding, corporation officials de
clared it would probably not be con
sidered advisable to withdraw the
whole sum from the treasury, as it
would necessitate the treasury's bor
rowing the money which could be
done by the corporation itself.
o o o
State Department
Rejects Panamanian
Boundary Proposal
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, July 27. Propo
sals for submitting the boundary dis
pute between Costa Rica and Panama
to special arbitration at The Hague
laid before the state department by
Narcisco Caray, Panamanian secre
tary of foreign affairs, have been re
jected by Costa Rica. The attitude
of the United States has not been
publicly expressed, but is believed to
be adverse.
Octavio Beeche, Costa Rican min
ister here, in a statement today de
clared Costa Rica holds the contro
versy to have been legally deter
mined by the White award.

SMALL HAS

COMMITTEE

$1,500,000

CUT FROM STATE
APPROPRIATIONS

COMMITTEE APPOINTED BY STATE
TAX CONFERENCE RECOMMENDS
EXTRA SESSION OF LEGISLATURE
TO REDUCE APPROPRIATIONS

Republican A. P. Leased Wire
NOGALES, Ariz., July 27. A
special session of the legislature
could cut $1,500,000, or 25 per cent
from the total appropriations made
by the last legislature, according to
a report made public today by a
committee of taxpayers who are
attending the state tax conference
here. The committee's report will be
submitted to Governor Thomas E.
Campbell as an argument in favor of
the calling of a special session of the
legislature.
The committee recommended that
appropriations for every department
in the state government from the
governor's office down, be reduced.
It also recommended that county
taxpayers' retrenchment league be
organized in every county in the
state.
A committee consisting of John R.
Norton of Phoenix, William R.
Campbell of Flagstaff, John C.
Greenway of Warren and S. P. Ap
plewhite of Douglas, was named to
present the recommendations to the
governor.
Governor Campbell, who was in
Nogales yesterday, told the commit
tee that recommended the special
session that he would call such a
session provided he was convinced
that the legislature could make re
ductions in the appropriations suf
ficiently large to make the session
worth while.
Appropriations made by the Fifth
state legislature at its regular ses
sion last winter totaled approxi
mately $6,000,000.
The committee recommended the
following reductions in appropria
tions: $360,000 in appropriation for
University of Arizona; $30,000 in the
appropriation for the Yuma highway;
$58,000 in the Tempe Normal school
appropriation; $60,000 in the state
road fund; $35,000 in the Northern
Arizona Normal school appropriation;
$50,000 in the land settlement com
mission appropriation; $107,000 in the
state fair commission's appropria
tion; $20,000 in the corporation com
mission's appropriation; $10,000 in
the Arizona resources board's appro
priation; $19,000 in the appropriation
for the capitol grounds and buildings;
$23,000 in the appropriation for co
operation with the United States bio
logical survey; $17,000 in the appro
priations to encourage vocational
education in high schools and normal
schools; $9,000 in the governor's de
partment; $24,000 in the funds for
the national guard; repeal of Senate
Bill No. 51 providing state road fund
of $805,000, with the exception of a
small maintenance levy; and reduc
tions in appropriations for all other
departments of the state government.
o o o
Seaman Gives Life
To Save Others In
U. S. Sub Tender Fire
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
HONOLULU, July 27. Henry A.
Gaddis, seaman of Sherman, Ill.,
died today from burns received yes
terday in a heroic effort to extin
guish a fire aboard the United
States submarine tender Rainbow.
Gaddis, who discovered the fire,
assisted several to escape and then
turned his attention to fighting it.
The ship was only slightly damaged.
o o o
Ford Railroad Cuts
Rates Ten Per Cent
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, July 27. The
Detroit, Toledo and Ironton Railroad,
owned by Henry Ford, filed new rate
schedules today with the interstate
commerce commission proposing
drastic cuts averaging approximately
10 per cent in freight rates, on August 1, on heavy traffic including anthracite and
bituminous coal, and coke moving from the Ohio
river to Detroit and other points on its line.

LATEST MARKETS
MOTOR TRUCK DERAILS ENTIRE TRAIN
SOUTH BEND, Ind., July 28. New York Central passenger train, leav
ing Chicago at 11:05 o'clock last night, was derailed at New Carlisle, Ind.,
at 1 o'clock this morning when it struck a heavy truck driven by Zachary
Calim, of Indiana Harbor, Ind. The engine and every coach was derailed.
The engineer, A. F. Johnson and D. L. Flynn, fireman, are believed to be
fatally injured. All passengers of the dozen coaches were considerably
bruised.
HARDING PARDONS EL PASO DOCTOR
WASHINGTON, July 27. Executive clemency was granted Dr. J. C.
Dysart of El Paso, Texas today, by President Harding. The pardon was
conditioned upon payment of a fine of $500. Dr. Dysart was convicted
several months ago of selling morphine and sentenced to three years im
prisonment in Leavenworth penitentiary and to the payment of a fine of $500.
SMALL FADES FROM SPOTLIGHT
SPRINGFIELD, July 27 Governor Small at midnight apparently had
eluded all efforts to locate him. Friends in Chicago said he had left that
city. At Kankakee, his home, it was said he had not arrived. None of the
incoming trains from Chicago bore the governor into Springfield and
friends here declared they had no information of his whereabouts.
BANDIT HELD FOR MARSHAL'S DEATH
GUTHRIE CENTER, Ia., July 27. Dave Masters of Des Moines was
bound over to the grand jury without bond today charged with the murder
of Marshal J. K. Myers, while robbing the First National Bank at Stuart,
last April.
VIVIANI TO REPRESENT FRANCE
PARIS, July 27. Rene Viviani, former premier, and Albert Sarrault,
minister of the colonies, will represent France at the Washington disarm
ament conference, according to La Journal.
THRESHING MACHINE KILLS THREE
VANDALIA, Mo., July 27. Three men were killed and three injured at
Middleton today when a threshing machine they were operating exploded.

SAYS
CAN BE

Republican A. P. Leased Wire
NOGALES, Ariz., July 27. A
special session of the legislature
could cut $1,500,000, or 25 per cent
from the total appropriations made
by the last legislature, according to
a report made public today by a
committee of taxpayers who are
attending the state tax conference
here. The committee's report will be
submitted to Governor Thomas E.
Campbell as an argument in favor of
the calling of a special session of the
legislature.
The committee recommended that
appropriations for every department
in the state government from the
governor's office down, be reduced.
It also recommended that county
taxpayers' retrenchment league be
organized in every county in the
state.
A committee consisting of John R.
Norton of Phoenix, William R.
Campbell of Flagstaff, John C.
Greenway of Warren and S. P. Ap
plewhite of Douglas, was named to
present the recommendations to the
governor.
Governor Campbell, who was in
Nogales yesterday, told the commit
tee that recommended the special
session that he would call such a
session provided he was convinced
that the legislature could make re
ductions in the appropriations suf
ficiently large to make the session
worth while.
Appropriations made by the Fifth
state legislature at its regular ses
sion last winter totaled approxi
mately $6,000,000.
The committee recommended the
following reductions in appropria
tions: $360,000 in appropriation for
University of Arizona; $30,000 in the
appropriation for the Yuma highway;
$58,000 in the Tempe Normal school
appropriation; $60,000 in the state
road fund; $35,000 in the Northern
Arizona Normal school appropriation;
$50,000 in the land settlement com
mission appropriation; $107,000 in the
state fair commission's appropria
tion; $20,000 in the corporation com
mission's appropriation; $10,000 in
the Arizona resources board's appro
priation; $19,000 in the appropriation
for the capitol grounds and buildings;
$23,000 in the appropriation for co
operation with the United States bio
logical survey; $17,000 in the appro
priations to encourage vocational
education in high schools and normal
schools; $9,000 in the governor's de
partment; $24,000 in the funds for
the national guard; repeal of Senate
Bill No. 51 providing state road fund
of $805,000, with the exception of a
small maintenance levy; and reduc
tions in appropriations for all other
departments of the state government.
o o o
Seaman Gives Life
To Save Others In
U. S. Sub Tender Fire
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
HONOLULU, July 27. Henry A.
Gaddis, seaman of Sherman, Ill.,
died today from burns received yes
terday in a heroic effort to extin
guish a fire aboard the United
States submarine tender Rainbow.
Gaddis, who discovered the fire,
assisted several to escape and then
turned his attention to fighting it.
The ship was only slightly damaged.
o o o
Ford Railroad Cuts
Rates Ten Per Cent
Republican A. P. Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, July 27. The
Detroit, Toledo and Ironton Railroad,
owned by Henry Ford, filed new rate
schedules today with the interstate
commerce commission proposing
drastic cuts averaging approximately
10 per cent in freight rates, on August 1, on heavy traffic including
anthracite and bituminous coal, and coke moving from the Ohio
river to Detroit and other points on its line.