PAGE TWELVE

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN. FRIDAY MORNING. MARCH 18, 1921

TO MEET TODAY

The annual meeting of the Maricopa County Teachers' association for the school year 1920-21 will be held at the administration building of the Phoenix city schools, 331 North First avenue, Saturday at 1:30 p.m. Teachers, patrons of schools and all interested in education are invited to attend. Music will be furnished by the primary grades of the Osborn school and Miss Minnie Le Straten, a student of the Phoenix Union High School, will give a reading. State Game Warden Joe Procheska will talk on "Birds of Arizona." Miss Lynn of the Tempe Normal Training School will talk on the social possibilities of the one-room country school, while Prof. Daniel F. Jantzen, who has just returned from a trip to the East, will make a short report on the superintendents' convention. The meeting will be concluded with the election of officers for the ensuing year.

STILL AND MASH FOUND

QUARTZITE, ARIZ., March 17. Officers who searched the Gordon house in Quartzite Monday found a private still and a barrel of mash. No whiskey was found. The mash was disposed of. The rains in this section during the past week have amounted to about one inch of precipitation, and have flooded the Williams and Colorado rivers till they are impassable in most of the customary crossings. The rain will help the condition of the range wonderfully and if the damp weather continues feed should be abundant in a very short time.

George Wingfield and associates of Elko, Nev., who have recently bought the gold mines at Union Pass, 35 miles west of Kingman, expect to open up the mines and commence operation on an extensive scale in the near future. Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Bogan of Swansea will be in Bouse Sunday evening. Mrs. Bogan will leave on the Sunday night train for Los Angeles, from where she plans to travel east. She will visit in the East for several months and will attend the commencement exercises of the Annapolis Naval Academy, where her brother will be graduated this spring.

Mr. and Mrs. Joe Gomez and family have moved to Prescott. O. A. Pease, Samuel Butler, J. J. Davis and his daughter, Mrs. Mae Johnson, drove over to Quartzite Wednesday. Donald Williams is driving the Quartzite stage for the "Yellow Front" garage. Mrs. Riley Johnson and Mrs. H. O. Sichring picnicked in Swansea Wednesday. F. F. Hood of Swansea was in town Monday. Charles S. Allen is here from Los Angeles. F. A. McKinley of Prescott was in Bouse on business Monday. R. S. Slack is registered at the Burke hotel from Prescott. Walter Joy of San Bernardino was in Bouse Tuesday. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Shields and Powell Dodd spent Sunday in Bouse and were the guests of the Williams family Sunday evening at dinner. J. J. Davis, Mrs. Robert H. Williams, Mrs. May Johnson and Miss Sara Williams visited several mining properties northwest of town Saturday. O. A. Pease is here this week from Quartzite. H. I. Horner of Los Angeles made a trip to Bouse Monday. F. A. Buchanan, shoe drummer from San Francisco, is registered at the Alaska hotel. B. R. Whiteside of Los Angeles is here promoting some oil properties. The Bouse Sunday school will have special services Easter morning and in the afternoon will have a picnic and egg hunt at the Big Swings, if cars can be provided for transportation. The Sunday school will close for the summer and the picnic will be the last meeting. Everyone is invited to attend both the Sunday school and the picnic. The Easter bunny has provided eggs for all.

CITY COMMISSION

ACCEPTS BID FOR THREE BOND ISSUES

E. H. Rollins & Sons and the W. R. Compton Company yesterday were awarded the $665,000 worth of municipal sewer, water and fire department bonds on their bid of par and accrued interest to the date of delivery of the bonds, with the stipulation that the National City Company be named fiscal agents and be allowed the sum of $5.30 for each $1000 bond. The bids of E. H. Rollins & Sons and Willard R. Compton & Co. were accepted against the protest of W. A. Scott, the representative of Rollins & Sons, in behalf of the latter. Mr. Scott, on instructions from his principals, desired to withdraw the bid, which was accompanied by a certified check for $35,000. City Attorney Sloan held that that could not be done without the consent of the commission; that if a bidder had a right to withdraw a bid at that stage of the proceedings, there was no use in asking for bids or for receiving sealed bids, for a bidder might always govern himself by what he might discover at the time of their opening. Under such a rule, Judge Sloan said, the bonds might as well be offered at auction.

Immediately after disposing of the bonds the city considered plans and specifications for work for which the issues call. City Manager Thompson now will receive bids for equipment to be opened April 6. If satisfactory prices are made, construction work will start soon afterward.

The bonds call for an extension of the present water system, to cost $450,000, extension of the sewer system at a cost of $140,000, and a fourth fire station and new equipment, to cost $65,000.

PLANS FOR VETERAN'S DANCE

Miss Helen Condon, 16, learned to swim last year. She's an Omaha (Neb.) girl. Now she holds the Nebraska state record for the 20, 40, 100 and 220-yard swims. Experts say she will be a contender in the Olympic games before many years.

The committee of the Luke Pritchett Disabled War Veterans' association reported from its headquarters at room 600 Gooding building, last night that arrangements for the dance to be given here Monday evening, March 21, at the Shrine auditorium, are progressing rapidly. A number of the leading society women of Phoenix are being asked to act as patronesses for the affair, and so far many of them have accepted. As invitations are being extended every day to these women, it is expected that within the week a committee of at least 25 will be obtained.

So far the following have expressed their willingness to act as patronesses: Mrs. John Dennett, Jr., Miss Ami Marie Luke, Mrs. A. G. Dulraage, Mrs. Barry Goldwater, Mrs. Aaron Goldberg, Mrs. Thomas E. Campbell, Mrs. Henry D. Ross, Mrs. Celora Stoddard, Mrs. Thomas Maddox, Mrs. E. S. Baum, Mrs. Luella Archer, Mrs. D. E. Easley. The Woman's club at Chandler and at Tempe have agreed to assist in the disposal of tickets in the respective towns and aid the veterans in any other way possible. A number of local civil and fraternal organizations have expressed their willingness to do all possible for the success of the dance and the association's plans as a whole, and it is the opinion of the committee that every such organization will be listed as being 100 per cent for the disabled men.

HEAVY PENALTY FOR INTOXICATED DRIVER

Two or three drinks of a liquor containing more alcohol than prescribed by the Volstead act cost B. F. Perry $200 and 20 days in jail. Perry was arrested by Captain Duncan Wednesday and charged with being under the influence of liquor while driving a car. When the case was tried Captain Duncan testified that Perry failed to slow his car until almost upon the crossing at First and Washington street where the car struck Mrs. D. Sousa who was carrying a baby. Mother and child were taken to the hospital where it was found their injuries were not serious. When arrested Perry was found to be carrying a bottle of liquor. Judge Thomas imposed a fine of $200 and also sentenced the defendant to thirty days in jail.

Shoes of the fourteenth century had such long points that the tips had to be tied to the knees to keep the wearers from stumbling over them.

An Important Millinery Event!

A Marvelous Gathering of HATS

EASTER

All specially priced for two days only Friday and Saturday

Hand-made Hats
Dress Hats
Tailored Hats
Sports Hats
Lace Hats
Evening Hats
Blocked Hats
Trimmed with Flowers, Novelty Feathers, Ribbon, Embroidery, Fancies and New Fruit Effects

Charming new Millinery for Easter. Hats designed to give the utmost of style and becomingness. Because of our large buying capacity we have been able to secure these lovely new hats in a wide variety of styles at very much below their regular price.

There are such ultra-fashionable shades as Harding blue, henna, navy, brown, black, Kelly, etc. Truly remarkable are these hats on sale Friday and Saturday for $7.50. (Second Floor)

Easter Gladness

Not just the suit alone will make a man feel as nifty and as thrifty as he wants to on Easter morning. Nevertheless the suit comes first. Stein Bloch and Fashion Park America's foremost clothing designers have created works of art that yield practical service.

$35 to $60

Lest we forget, we have an attractive assortment of tailored suits, of wool materials at Twenty-Five, that will appeal to the man wishing style and sterling worth at prices that echo other days.

$25

Stetson and Borsalino Hats
Hannan Shoes

Neckwear, Shirts, Hosiery, Shoes, Hats that good taste and custom call appropriate for the day.

$2.50
$10.00
Cheney Brothers $1.00
Tubular Neckwear
Fine Quality Tan $0.60
Oxford Shoes $1.00
Interwoven Silk Hose, 75 C
All shades
Boys' Straw Hats, $1.00
Nobby styles
Boys' Fancy Wash $0.60
Suits
Boys' Percales 75 C
Blouses
Boys' Black Cat 35 C
Hose

Eagle Shirts
Lute woven

You'll do better at

HIGHWAYS WEATHER BULLETIN

Roads north-central counties improving following recent rains.

River Crossings
Sacaton: The crossing at Sacaton is in fairly good condition. Dry.

Apache County
Old Trails highway: Springerville-Holbrook via St. Johns is in good shape again following recent heavy storms.

Springerville: East roads, west roads good; all bridges in good condition. The weather has been very fine.

Cochise County
Roads in good condition and improved.

Coconino County
All roads open for traffic; roads in good condition.

Gila County
City of Globe started pavement of its main street. County roads are in good condition.

Graham County
All Graham county roads in good condition.

Greenlee County
All roads in Greenlee county in good condition.

Maricopa County
Valley roads fair; Wickenburg good; Black Canyon rough; Superior-Florence good; Apache Trail fair. Buckeye crossing very good to Gila Bend.

Mohave County
All main roads in fair condition except Old Trails. National highway from Crozier to Hackberry. Traffic routed via Yucca instead of Oatman on the Kingman-Needles section of Old Trails highway account new construction Oatman-Topock. Drivers should be careful in crossing washes.

Pima County
Roads fair but somewhat dusty on account of little rain.

Pinal County
All mesa and mountain roads in good condition. Valley roads dusty and chunky. No rain.

Santa Cruz County
All county roads in good traveling condition.

Yavapai County
Canyon to Mayer fairly good; Mayer to Prescott good; Prescott to Wickenburg fair; Dewey to Camp Verde good; Camp Verde-Clarkdale-Jerome good; Prescott-Jerome State highway good; Prescott to Ash Fork to Nelson fair; all other roads in fair condition.

Yuma County
Road from Vicksburg to Ehrenberg in good condition. This is the shortest route from Phoenix to Los Angeles. Good accommodations for tourists. Good ferry at Ehrenberg.

Parker: Road from Phoenix to Los Angeles via Wickenburg-Parker now most traveled. No delays at Parker ferry on account of sandbars or high water; only all-year ferry on the Colorado river. Road near Parker recently dragged. ROBERT Q. GRANT

PHOENIX COUPLE WED IN QUIET CEREMONY

Abner Gilmore and Miss Vivian Melendrez were quietly married last evening at St. Mary's Catholic church, only members of the family being present.

The bride is the oldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Melendrez of this city and was one of the most popular employees of the Boston store where she worked in the millinery department for many years. The groom is an ex-service man, and lately he was employed with the federal engineering corps in Arizona.

The couple will leave on the early train this morning for Allen, Oklahoma, where the parents of Mr. Gilmore reside.

GUARDSMEN TO PAY LAST RESPECTS TO COMRADE

Members of Co. A and Co. D, 158th Infantry, are requested to report at the armory at 1 o'clock today to pay their last respects to their comrade, Private Rice.

Private John Rice became a member of Co. D when it was first organized and was one of its enthusiastic supporters and best soldiers. He died of pneumonia Tuesday after a short illness. His funeral service will be held today at the chapel of A. L. Moore and Son. All members who have cars are requested to bring them.

Private Rice leaves a mother, a brother and a sister. The officers and men of the National Guard extend to the family sincere sympathy, feeling that while they have lost a son and brother, Guardsmen have lost a comrade at arms and a man who stood ready at any time to protect the honor and integrity of his nation with his own life.

The annual tobacco bill of the United States is $2,110,000,000 of which $800,000,000 is spent for cigarettes.

METHODIST CHURCH CONTINUES REVIVAL

Evangelist Will Hawkins of Fort Worth, Texas, spoke last night at the Central Methodist church on "The Warnings and Promises of God." He showed that the warnings of God in regard to a life of sin were just as certainly true as the promises in regard to a life of righteousness. He declared that if God spoke the truth in regard to the life that now is, it was wise to assume that he spoke the truth about the life beyond; that it was the same God who warned us about shunning hell who invited us to enter heaven. Already, several have signified a desire to lead a Christian life, and there are several each night who manifest deep interest in the gospel appeal as made by the evangelist. In addition to the two services today at 2:30 and 7:30 in the church, the evangelist, with workers, will preach on the street at the corner of Central and Washington at 7 o'clock.

English walnuts sold at $3 each in Denver were found to contain morphine and cocaine instead of nut meat.

MONTHLY EXPENSES OF NURSERY

Total expenditures of the Day Nursery for the month of January were $200.19 and for February $201.94, according to a report just made public. Thirty cases were cared for during January and 24 in February.

Following is the report:

1921
Jan. Feb.

Number of cases 30 24
New cases 7 8
Charity cases 6 6
Visits made to parents 5 8
Visits to clinic and doctor 4 3
Garments furnished 15 5

EXPENSES

Food $22.26 $22.26
Telephone 5.00 5.00
Gas and lights 3.15 3.10
Medicine 1.00 1.00
Milk 12.00 12.00
Supplies, incidentals 3.75 1.75
Laundry 3.00 2.81
Labor trimming trees and clearing yard 1.50 1.50
Salaries 150.00 150.00

Total expenditures $200.19 $201.94

Amount paid by parents $48.49 $23.98

Needs of nursery: Small sheets and underwear for children of 3 and 4 years.