5SPPS!

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: WEDNESDAY MORNING, JULY

26, 1893. i '. " 'i

(Desert Department.

MESA, GILA, ARIZONA, JULY 20, 1893.

MESA NOTES.
G. W. Woy will return to the Goldfield city today.
V. Richins drove up to the mines yesterday morning.
It is planned on finishing the Kimball hotel in Mesa. The joists for the second floor will be laid today.
W. K. Pomeroy and J. F. Meador returned to Mesa today from the Goldfield mining camp, they say things are booming there.
T. E. Pomeroy, of W. E. Pomeroy & Co., real estate, went over to Florence yesterday as a witness on the Walker suit. He will probably be gone a week.
Mr. Charley Burton writes from Salt Lake City that there are several moneyed mining men coming to this part soon to investigate the gold mines of the Superstition mountains.
Mr. J. A. Guber and Miss Mattie Peterson, both of Mesa, were on Sunday united in the holy bonds by Justice Pomeroy at the residence of the bride. A few friends and relations witnessed the ceremony.
A very unique program was rendered at Alma ward. Handcarts and other vehicles of travel used by the Mormons while crossing the plains were paraded, at which an appropriate program was rendered.
Andrew Kleinman, of Alma, and Miss Adams, of Lehi, were yesterday united in marriage at the residence of the groom, at Alma. They received the hearty congratulations and best wishes of a large number of their many friends.
A. M. Dillon and family arrived from the San Luis Valley, Colorado, yesterday. He said the prospects for crops this season were better than he has seen them, and he was determined to get out if he had to ride a mule. He likes this country.
A pleasant program was rendered yesterday under the bowery at Mesa, commemorating the discovery of the Salt Lake City, an asylum of peace and a refuge after crossing the then arid plain and American desert. A children's dance was given in the afternoon and a social in the evening, at which some sixty couples danced to the sweet strains of the amateur orchestra.
The entertainment given Saturday evening by Mrs. Eaton and company was a splendid success, and those who were not fortunate to be present missed a rare treat. Quite a large audience, however, listened with attention to the succession of songs, recitations and instrumental music, all of the pieces being handled with skill. A very unique and pleasing feature was a French song by Mrs. Ullman's little girls, aged six and eight. A duet, "Morning Hope," was sweetly sung by Miss Long and Mrs. Unylord, F. Barron playing the accompanist. But the most pleasing part of the entertainment were the series of imitative efforts by Mrs. Eaton. She portrayed characters from Shakespeare to Mark Twain in an artistic and winsome and original manner. Her use of gesture and control and sweet, clear voice attracted and pleased her audience, while her originality held them spellbound.

SING CAMELS IN AUSTRALIA.
Much More Valuable Than the Bullocks
Which Have Hitherto Been Employed.
Although the camel proved unsatisfactory for use as a beast of burden in the mining regions of Nevada and Arizona, the animal is coming into favor and profitable use in mining countries in other parts of the world. It seems probable to the mining industry that in South Africa the camel will take the place of the horse for most uses, as the camel is not injured by the insects which prove fatal to the horse and the oxen, nor is it attacked by the diseases that destroy other beasts of burden. The Germans are already making this use of the camels in southwest Africa. They are found to be very suitable for making long journeys into the interior regions of the country, as they are able to travel a whole week without water or food. In Australia the camel is fast taking the place of bullocks for use in the barren interior wastes. It is stated that there are already engaged and in regular work on five lines of camel traffic; that on these lines over two thousand camels are in daily use. Camels are found to be so useful that the number employed will be increased as rapidly as possible. With bullock teams about ten miles a day can be made, but it is found that the camel can travel forty-four miles in eight hours and carry from 800 to a thousand pounds. In the interior of Australia are over one million square miles of almost unknown desert, and it is on the great inland plains that it is best to utilize the camel trains, as their use in the various oases of civilization may be more directly connected by the old bullock routes. On the plains and among the mudflats and brackish lakes the camel finds coarse grass and thorny bushes on which to subsist. It is said that work can be found in Australia for one million camels.
Miss Harris has disappointed twin winners at Covent Garden. There were a large number of ingeniously dressed representatives, but the most attractive of all was that of Miss Harriot who appeared as "Chippendale," and received hearty applause. Toward the end the crowd expressed approval in various graceful tokens of admiration.

B. F. Johnson, Sons & Co., have just received a large and well selected stock of men's, boy's and ladies' shoes.
Don't fail to avail yourselves of their low prices.
Go to Shew Ying restaurant for meals.

Rheumatism
Lumbago, Sciatica,
Kidney Complaints,
Lame Back, Ac.
DR. SUDER'S ELECTRIC BELT
With Electro-Magnetic SUSPENSORY.
Latest Practical Hew Improvements!
Effectually relieves all pains arising from
compression of brain nerves, forcible blows, or injuries of the muscular system, weak
nervous debility, epileptic, paralytic and kidney complaints.
Write for book of testimonials and full information. Price $5.00, $8.00 and $10.00, and
others at correspondingly lower prices. Terms cash or no order. Books and samples sent
free. Send for Illustrated pamphlet, mailed free.
SUDER ELECTRIC CO.,
Steam Block.
DREW, STEVENS & CO.
BARBER SHOP.
M. M. DIXON, Prop.
Shaving,
Haircutting,
25c
50c
Goldfield City, Ariz.
DuBsacker's Stage Line.
MORNING STAGES.
Lv. Phoenix 6:30 a. m. Lv. Mesa 6:30 a. m.
Lv. Tempe 8:30 a. m. Lv. Tempe 7:30 a. m.
Ar. Mesa 9:30 a. m. Ar. Phoenix 9:00 a. m.
EVENING STAGES.
Lv. Phoenix 3:03 p. m. Lv. Mesa 1:00 p. m.
Lv. Tempe 4:00 p. m. Lv. Tempe 2:30 p. m.
Ar. Mesa 5:30 p. m. Ar. Phoenix 4:00 p. m.
CARRY PASSENGERS AND EXPRESS.
Office Commercial hotel. Frank Phillips and
Keates' stable.
Florence and Casa Grande Stage.
Stage leaves Casa Grande at 7 a. m. each
morning, arrives at Florence at 11:30 a.m.
Returning leaves Florence at 1:30 p.m., ar
rive at Casa Grande at 6 p. m.
Makes connection at Florence with stages to
Globe. This line is fifty miles nearer Globe
than any other line.
DREW, STEVENS & CO,
Proprietors.
Florence and Globe Stage Line
CIRCULINE,
Mail and Express,
Leaves Florence daily for
Riverside and Globe at 7 o'clock, p. m.; stops
all night at Riverside and arrives at Globe at
5 o'clock, p. m.; returning, leaves Globe at 8
o'clock a. m., arrives at Florence at 1 o'clock
p. m. Good accommodation on the road, im
proved line, good stock and comfortable stages,
four-horse coach every other day.
GUILD, Agent, Florence,
E. F. KELLNER & CO., Agents, Globe.
EDORNE & VOLKSTON,
Proprietors,

BBffiSIPPKJjUJ'

" S IXWf

CENTRAL MEAT MARKET,
The only first-class market in the city.
A. BERKENKAMP, Prop.
All kinds of fresh meats. Delivery free to all parts of the city.
POMEROY BLOCK. ........ MESA CITY.

W.N. STANDAGE.
F. T.

outside
Real Estate
Co

DE1B

aim

1 1

Patented or Unpatented on Easy terms.
Residence and Business Property in Mesa

also some
Ranches.
very fine
OFFICE ON MAIN STREET
OPPOSITE POSTOFFICE.

W. E. POMEROY & CO.

Real Estate and
Commission Brokers
Fine Fruit and Alfalfa Lands
In large or small tracts, patented with water right in Mesa Canal. Also choice
Residence and Business Lots
In Mesa City on Easy Terms.
Office Main Street, One Door East of Mesa City Bank. -

A. Thippel, Mining Engineer and Metallurgist.
Alfred L. Thippel, Civil Engineer, Deputy
County Surveyor, and U. S. Deputy
Land Surveyor.
THIPPEL & SON,
Do all kinds of contracts taken for buildings and estimates
furnished for all work. Hydraulic and canal
work a Specialty.
Office Pomeroy Block, MESA CITY.
RESTAURANT.
MORSE & BIDWELL, Props.
Will serve good meals at
Mining Camp at
the Superstition
50 cents per Meal and $1.00 per Day.
Central Restaurant
E. I. LONG, Prop,
First-class meals served from
5 to 7 a. m., 12 to 1:30 p.m.,
and from 5:30 to 7:30 p. m.
Mesa City, - - - Ariz.
MESA PAINT SHOP.
For all kinds of
PAINTING
AND
DECORATING.
First-Class Work and Reasonable Prices.
L. W. JOHNSON, Prop.
BRILLIANT Jr.,
Is a handsome French Percheron horse; dark
dapple, 15 hands high; 6 years old and weighs
1,400 lbs. Brilliant Jr., was sired by Brilliant,
dam, Charlotte; Brilliant is out of Chartress,
and he is of Louis Napoleon.
Brilliant Jr., will make the season of 1893 at
follows:
Monday, Tuesday and Friday will be at my
ranch, 4 miles south and 1 mile east of Tempe.
Wednesday and Thursday at Jones Bros.,
4 blocks southwest of Mesa P. O.
Saturday at Schuereman & Singletary's livery
stable, Tempe.
Season will run from
MARCH 15 UNTIL JULY 15.
Terms $8.00 with the usual return privileges.
Mares pastured during season at $1.00 per
month. No barb wire fence. No work done on
Sunday.
M. L. DUFFEY, Owner.
The Great Middle Route Across the
American Continent in Connec
tion with the Railways of
the "Santa Fe Route."
LIBERAL MANAGEMENT.
SUPERIOR FACILITIES,
PICTURESQUE SCENERY,
EXCELLENT ACCOMMODATIONS.
The Grand Canon of the Colorado, the most
sublime of Nature's work on the Earth, Indescribable, can easily be reached via Flagstaff,
Williams or Peach Springs on this road. To
the Natural Bridge of Arizona and Montezuma's
well you can journey most directly by this line.
Observe the Ancient Indian Civilisation of Laguna, or of Acoma, "The City of the Sky."
Visit the Petrified Forest near Carrizo. See and
marvel at the freak of Canon Diablo. Take a
hunting trip in the magnificent pine forests of
the San Francisco Mountains. Find interest in
the ruins of the pre-historic Cave and Cliff
Dwellers. View the longest Cantilever bridge
in America across the Colorado River.
T. R. Gabil, General Superintendent, Albu
querque, New Mexico. W. A. Russell, General
Passenger Agent, San Francisco, Cal. and Al
buquerque, New Mexico. H. S. Van Slyck,
General Agent, Albuquerque, N. M.
MILLER.
F. J. NETHERTON
"Well Improved Fruit
Mesa City, Ariz.

The Atlantic & Pacific R. R.

MESA ADVERTISEMENTS.

A GARDEN SPOT.

Inducements Offered
By the south side to
Homeseekers.

The Consolidated is the largest of the great canals of
the south side. The system now consists of 40 miles of main
canal; 75 miles of main laterals and 150 miles of smaller
laterals so distributed that 100,000 acres of land may be
irrigated.
Besides this great system the following canals with
underlying territory must be considered: The Highland
canal, 20 miles, 15,000 acres; the Mesa canal, 10 miles, 20,
000 acres; the Utah, 10 miles, 20,000 acres; the Tempe, 15
miles, 30,000.
The entire region about Mesa derives its life from these
systems which are also contributory in the highest degree to the agricultural prosperity of the country around
Tempe.

There is a rapidly spreading belief that that part of the
valley in which these two flourishing towns are located is
the garden spot of Arizona and developments justify the
growing belief.
It is not improper in this connection to describe briefly
the grounds upon which this belief is based and the natural
reasons why it is so.
The country about Mesa will probably within the next
ten years enjoy the widely circulated distinction of being the
most productive fruit-growing region in the United States
as it is now known to be the chief fruit belt of the valley.
It differs sufficiently in altitude from the rest of the
valley to insure semi-tropical fruits against danger from
frost always imminent in the most favored regions of Cali
fornia. The altitude is 81.6 feet higher than Tempe and 172
feet above Phoenix, rendering it somewhat cooler than either
place in summer and slightly warmer in winter.
Vineyards dot the country in every direction and hun
dreds of broad acres are set to oranges, almonds, dates, etc.
Mesa City, the center of this lovely region, is an ideal village
of 1200 people, situated 6.8 miles east of Tempe and about
17 miles from Phoenix.
The business and commercial interests include one
bank, seven general merchandise stores, one hardware store,
two blacksmith shops, one lumber yard and two saloons.
The buildings are of a good character and become
more pretentious yearly. As might be expected in such a
community there are excellent church and school facilities
and the town is sufficiently metropolitan to support a small
opera house.
Communication is maintained with the neighboring
cities of Tempe and Phoenix by means of two daily stages.
Three miles east of Mesa City is the prosperous village
of Lehi, among whose other industries and features is a
creamery, the best in Arizona and known throughout the
territory.
The mesa proper extends to the river four miles north
of Mesa City; on the south it is almost limitless, a stretch
of country which within ten years will be known as the
Garden Spot of America.

I MESA ADVERTISEMENTS.

GOLDEN EAGLE
Livery, Feed
and Sale Stable,
STURGES & WALTERS, Proprietors.
Successors to J. B. Gant
Special Attention Given to Boarding Stock
Calls answered promptly.
Telephone 61.
Pima Street. South of Mills House
Barber Shop.
The Columbia has fitted barber-
shop opposite.
has now the Hartford Ban
COLUMBIA CHAIRS,
the only chairs of this kind...
Lunch and Wine Rooms.
Chas. Sahani
Grand Avenue Junction. Phoenix,
Saloon.
THE CAPITOL
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
28 & 30 Washington St.
BEN BUTLER, Prop.
Houses and Express.
J. W. DEWITT'S
EXPRESS AND LIVERY
Meets all trains and carries passen
gers and baggage to and from all
parts of the city. All orders left at
my office will receive prompt atten
tion. Office with S. H. Drachman, Palace Cigar Store.
Telephone No. 19.
LAYTON'S
STAGE AND LINE.
CARRYING THE U.S. MAIL
BOWIE STATION, VIA SOLOMONVILLE,
TO FORT THOMAS AND GLOBE.
A Daily Stage above all others on this line.
We use the Southern Pacific railroad.
New Coaches, Splendid Teams, Fast Time.
Special teams on hand all the time for the ac
commodation of drummers and families. The
Best Equipped Stage Line In Arizona.
O. LAYTON,
Proprietor
"EL PASO ROUTE"
Texas and Pacific
The Great Popular Route Between
Short line to NEW ORLEANS, KANSAS CITY,
CHICAGO, ST. LOUIS, NEW YORK and
WASHINGTON. Favorite Line to the
north, east and southeast. PULLMAN
BUFFET SLEEPING
CARS and solid trains
from El Paso to
New, Fort Worth, New Orleans, Memphis and St. Louis,
FAST TIME AND SURE CONNECTIONS.
See that your tickets read Texas and
Pacific Railway. For maps, time tables, ticket
rates and all required information, call on or
address any of the ticket agents.
B. F. DARBYSHIRE,
Gen. Pass. and Ticket Agt. Dallas, Tex.
Iron Works.
Iron Foundry!
Manufacturers of Mill, Mining,
Pumping and Hoisting Machinery,
Building Fronts and Architectural Iron Work, Etc.
Llewellyn Bros.,
San Fernando St., near Main.
Los Angeles, Cal.
Manufacturers of Mill, Mining, Pump
ing and Hoisting Machinery, Oil and
Well Boring Rigs and Tools, Shafting,
Pulleys, Gearing and Hangers, Ranges,
Broilers, Ovens, Jacket Kettles, &c.,
Building Fronts and Architectural Iron
Work. Gang Plows, Scrapers, Land Roll
ers, Plow Extras, Boilers and Engines.
Sole Agents for Atlas Engine Works,
Boilers and Engines, Worthington's
Steam Pumps, Otis Bros.' Safety, Hy
draulic and Steam Passenger and Freight
Elevators.
Your Custom Solicited,
950-966 Buena Vista St., Los Angeles.

SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSIIIIlSSSSSSSSSSBln

&H8

Tri
1 JI
A
n
i
"J
.,
6
V ,

1 3? i
"itnl . . X- iiffTMllWsTWnfilirWlsTi
s J3ml ' i VI JTiiffliTptWMiiMsssW

nuSUiU.-,

gifc&ajsbjW