?$f!?7i

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN; SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE, 11, 1893.

jml. of Nickels, Goldberg Bros.,
Opera House, July 4th.

For White Hills Mining Camp!
Tri-Weekly Stage Line.
Through in one day; 8-passenger, 4-horse
Concord brace wagon; change horses at Cross’
ranch and at Mountain Springs; leaves King
man Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 7:30 a.
m. and arrives at camp at 7 p. m. same day.
Leaves White Hills Camp Tuesday, Thursday
and Saturday 8 a. m., and arrives at Kingman
7 p. m. same day.
Rates for freight, etc.
Shortest and most direct route to the New
White Hills mining camp. Stage office at store
of W. H. Taggart Mercantile Company. Extra
conveyances on application.
COX, VROSS & CO., Prop'rs.,
Kingman, A. T.
Call for City Warrants.

Will pay upon presentation the following
numbered city warrants of the issue of 1890, in
consequence on this, the 7th day of June,
Nos. 670, 671, 672, 673, 674, 675, 676, 677, 678, 679,
680, 681, 682, 683, 684, 685, 686, 687, 688, 689, 690, 691,
692, 693, 694, 695, 696, 697, 698, 699, 700.
I. M. CHRISTY,
City Treasurer.

Notice is hereby given to the electors and
taxpayers of the city of Phoenix that an elec-
tion will be held in said city on Tuesday, the
13th day of June, A. D. 1893, for the adoption or
rejection of the provisions of an act of the
Seventeenth Legislative Assembly of Arizona,
entitled an act granting to incorporated cities
certain powers and privileges in addition to
those already vested in them by charter or
special laws of this territory. Said election
will be held at West precinct, J. W. Kincaid’s
store, Wall street, Phoenix, Arizona; East prec-
inct, basement of the city hall, Phoenix, Ari-
zona; and will be conducted in accordance with
the provisions of act No. 66 of the Sixteenth
Legislative Assembly of Arizona.
J. J. COLE, Mayor.
Date of 1st publication
June 8, 1893.

March 18, February 18, 1891, approved.  
Any real or personal property tax shall be subject to
seizure and sale for such personal property tax,
when the same is delinquent, together
with ten (10) per cent penalty and costs of such
delinquent personal property tax.

SECTION V.

The city assessor shall make
the assessment
of such property according to law in the city
as hereinbefore specified and complete and
return same to the City Recorder on or before
the first day of September.

The Common Council shall sit as a Board of
Equalization upon the second Monday in Sep-
tember of each year, and remain in session
from day to day until the business is finished,
but not later than 30th day of September
next following, as otherwise provided.
Such Board of Equalization shall have …

PARK SWIMMING BATHS AT PHOENIX PARK.

Open daily from 1 p. m. until 10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday mornings for ladies only. Friday
afternoon and evening for the ladies and their escorts.

For special rates enquire at the baths.
Take the street car for Phoenix Park.

H. M. DUNNELL, Manager.

W. H. SMITH.
D. BATTIN.

W. H. SMITH & CO.
UNDERTAKERS
AND EMBALMERS.

Graduate U. S. College of Embalming, New York City.
448 W. Washington street, opposite Gas Works,
Phoenix, .... Arizona.

GROCERIES.

THE J. M. MONTANO GROCERY CO.

Washington Street, east of Pratt Bros. Store.

First-Class Family Groceries.

Prompt Delivery of Goods.

Courteous Treatment of Everyone.

HARDWARE.

W. D. HAMSAY. H. L. HAMSAY.

W. D. HAMSAY & CO.

DEALERS IN
Hardware,
Tinware,
Stoves,
RANGES, PAINTS, OILS,
Glass and Builders’ Hardware.

12 West Washington Street,
Phoenix, Arizona.

-:- SUMMONS. -:-

In the District Court of the Third Judicial Dis-
trict of the Territory of Arizona, in and for
the County of Maricopa.

William K. Williams, plaintiff,)
vs.                            ) SUMMONS.
Elizabeth Williams, defendant.)

Action brought in the District Court of the
Third Judicial District of the Territory of Ari-
zona, in and for Maricopa County, and the
complaint filed in said Maricopa County, in
the office of the Clerk of said District Court.

In the name of the Territory of Arizona, to
Elizabeth Williams, Defendant, Greeting:
You are hereby summoned and required to
appear in an action brought against you by the
above-named plaintiff, in the District Court of
the Third Judicial District of the Territory of
Arizona, in and for Maricopa County, and an-
swer the complaint therein filed with the Clerk
of said Court at Phoenix, in said County,
within ten days after the service upon you of
this summons, if served in this said County,
or if served out of this said County and within
this said Judicial District, then within twenty
days thereafter, or in all other cases within
thirty days thereafter, the times above men-
tioned being exclusive of the day of service, or
judgment by default will be taken against you.

Given under my hand and seal of the Dis-
trict Court of the Third Judicial District of the
Territory of Arizona, in and for Maricopa
County, this 11th day of May, A. D. 1893.

(SEAL.) F. H. KNAPP,
Clerk of said District Court.
By J. H. Stout,
Deputy Clerk.
Date of first publication May 13, 1893.

ORDINANCE NO. 149.
Granting in Extension and Extending the
Time Sixty (60) Days from the 14th
Day of July, 1893, for Completing the
Electric Railway, Commenced and Now
Being Constructed Under the Franchise
Heretofore Granted to J. O. Dunbar by
Ordinance No. 121, Entitled “An Ordin-
ance Granting to J. O. Dunbar, His
Successors and Assigns, a Franchise to
Construct an Electric Street Railway
System, and a System of Electric Light
and Power in the City of Phoenix.”

The Common Council of the City of Phoenix
do ordain as follows—

SECTION I.

That the time for the completion of the Elec-
tric Street Railway under the franchise granted
J. O. Dunbar, his successors and assigns, by
Ordinance No. 121 of the City of Phoenix, be
and the same is hereby extended a period of sixty
(60) days from and after the 14th day of July,
1893.

SECTION II.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in
force from and after its passage and publica-
tion according to law.

Passed by the Common Council of the City of
Phoenix, this 7th day of June,
A. D. 1893.

Approved this 7th day of June, A. D. 1893.

J. J. COLE,
Mayor.
Attest:
E. L. SCHWARTZ,
City Recorder.

ORDINANCE NO. 150.

Concerning the Levy, Assessment and Col-
lection of City Taxes for the Fiscal
Year of 1893 and 1894.

The Common Council of Phoenix do ordain as
follows—

SECTION I.
…

[Subsequent sections adjusted and corrected similarly, retaining all original content but fixing OCR errors and restoring correct spelling and names.]