THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN. TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1919

PAGE ELEVEN

Legal Advertising
NOTICE
OF
CALL FOR BIDS
For the Erection and Completion of
Two Two-story Buildings at Fort
Grant, Arizona for State Industrial
School.
SEALED proposals, addressed to
Commission of State Institutions of
Arizona, at State House, Phoenix, Ari
zona, and endorsed "Bids for erecting
buildings at Fort Grant, Arizona, File
No. 2911," will be received by the said
Commission until June 25th, 2 o'clock
p. m. Bids will be received for using
concrete exterior walls, also using hol
low tile exterior walls. All as per plans
and specifications and instructions to
Bidders as prepared by M. Eugene
Sharp, Architect, Douglas, Arizona,
and will be opened in the presence of
the bidders at the above time and
place, and thereafter considered.
Plans may be had at office of Com
mission of State Institutions, Capitol
Building, Phoenix and at Architect's
office at Douglas. One set will be on
file at State Industrial School.
Certified check for five per cent of
the amount of the bid must be enclosed
with same, to be retained as liquidated
damages if successful bidder fails to
sign contract. BIDS NOT MARKED
IN ENVELOPE, AS REQUIRED,
WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED. A de
posit of $5.00 will be required on each
set of plans and specifications given
out. Money to be refunded upon return
of plans.
The Commission reserves the right
to accept or reject part or all of any
bid, to divide between two or more bid
ders or to waive any informalities in

Legal Advertising

any bid, as the interests of the State
may require.
THE COMMISSION OF STATE INSTITUTIONS.

(

CURTIS TOBEY
ARCHITECT
Chamber of Commerce Building
Phoenix, Arizona
Phone 3592

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
OF MARICOPA COUNTY, STATE
OF ARIZONA
In the matter of the estate of Pierce
W. Butler, deceased.
Notice of Sale of Real Estate. At
private sale.
Notice is hereby given, That in pur
suance of an order of the Superior
Court of Maricopa County, State of
Arizona, made on the 3rd day of June,
1919, in the matter of the estate of
Pierce W. Butler deceased, the under
signed, the executrix of said estate

will sell at private sale, to the high
est bidder, subject to confirmation by
said Superior Court, on Monday, the
23rd day of June, 1919, at 2 o'clock p.
m., at the office of the Arizona Title
Guarantee and Trust Company, 134
West Washington street in the City of
Phoenix in the said County of Mari
copa, State of Arizona, the following
described real property, to-wit:
Lots numbered Nine (9) and Eleven
(11) in Block numbered Eighty-one
(81) in the City of Phoenix, County of
Maricopa, State of Arizona.
Terms of sale: One-half (1/2) cash
to accompany bid and balance on con
firmation and receipt of deed.
CARRIE E. BUTLER,
Executrix of the Estate of Pierce W.
Butler, deceased.
Dated June 4, 1919.

SOUTHSIDE NEWS
V. D. JOHNSON, MANAGER, PHONE 858, MESA

TEMPE

TEMPE AGENCY
Mrs. Chas. Prather at Brown
Mercantile Co.; Ph. 71
TEMPE CORRESPONDENT
Mrs. Delia Drollinger, Phone 206
GILBERT AGENCY
Gilbert Pharmacy

MESA CORRESPONDENT
V. D. Johnson, Phone 858
CHANDLER AGENCY
Gardner Drug Co.; Phone 34

G

RA

O

o

UATIO

N

DELITOirTO
GRADUATING CLASS

TEMPE, June 16. Rev. T. O. Douglas of the Congregational church who

delivered the baccalaureate sermon to
the Normal graduating class Sunday
night, used as his theme, "The Indebt
edness of Education." During this ex
ceptionally valuable discourse the
speaker brought out in a very explicit
way just how the members of the class

were indebted to the school, the in

IN

Thomas F. Nichols
CIVIL AND CONSULTING
ENGINEER
Room 419 Fleming Bldg.

THE SUPERIOR COURT OF

MARICOPA COUNTY, STATE
OF ARIZONA
11521
Action brought in the Superior Court
of the County of Maricopa, State of
Arizona, and the complaint filed in
said County of Maricopa in the office
of the Clerk of said Superior Court.
HILDA COX, plaintiff, vs. CHARLES
COX, defendant.
IN THE NAME OF THE STATE OF
ARIZONA, TO CHARLES COX,
defendant. Greeting:
YOU ARE HEREBY SUMMONED
and required to appear in an action
brought against you by the above
named plaintiff in the Superior Court
of the County of Maricopa, State of
Arizona, and answer to complaint
therein filed with the Clerk of this said
Court, at Phoenix, in said County,
within twenty days after the service
upon you of this Summons, if served in

Legal Advertising

this said County, or in all other cases
within thirty days thereafter, the times
above mentioned being exclusive of the
day of service, or judgment by default
will be taken against you.
Given under my hand and the seal of
the Superior Court of the County of
Maricopa, State of Arizona, this 2nd
day of April, 1919.
CLAUDE S. BERRYMAN,
Clerk of Said Superior Court
(Court Seal)
By THOMAS G. PEYTON,
Deputy Clerk.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
PRESCOTT-PHOENIX OIL
AND GAS COMPANY

We Advise the Purchase and Are Making a Specialty
LIBERTY BONDS
and Will BUY or SELL LARGE or SMALL LOTS

R. ALLYN LEWIS

Phone 1418

119 North Central Avenue
E. F. HUTTON & CO.
Members New York Stock Exchange
Private leased wire to all exchanges.

NOTICE is hereby given that, pur
suant to the order of the Board of
Directors of the Prescott-Phoenix Oil
and Gas Company, made on June 6,
1919, there will be a special meeting of
the stockholders of the Company, held
at the office of Ward and Griffith,
Rooms 7 and 8 Lewis Building, in the
City of Phoenix, State of Arizona, on
the 15th day of July, 1919, at 10 a. m.
for the purpose of:
(1) Amending Article III of the Ar
ticles of Incorporation of said Com
pany, increasing the capital stock of
said Company from $50,000.00 to $200,
000.00, divided into 20,000 shares of the
par value of $10.00 per share.
(2) Amending Article VII of the
Articles of Incorporation of said Com
pany, so that said Article VII will
read "The highest amount of indebt
edness or liability which the corpora
tion may incur at any time is $130,
000.00" instead of $30,000.00 as it now
reads.

Thereafter it is intended to offer for
sale $50,000.00 of the additional stock
to present stockholders. And to secure
permit to do business in Texas for such
extra $50,000.00.
All other business properly coming
before the meeting, necessary to com
plete the purposes for which said
meeting is called, as above outlined,
will be taken up.
By order of the Board of Directors.
Dated, Phoenix, Arizona, June 13,
1919.
R. A. REID,
Secretary.

structors, the parents and home and
to the state.
The services were held in the Nor
mal auditorium and as Miss Inez Mc
Fall, a member of the graduating class,
played "The Priests' March," the other
7 members filed into the building and

took their positions in the center of
the auditorium. A quartet composed
of Misses Delzelle and Gerrish and
Messrs. Felton and Beckwith sang
"The Call to Worship," followed by
"Abide with Me,'' which was sung by
the congregation. Rev. J. R. Roun
tree of the Christian church led in the
responsive reading, and Rev. E. H.
Nicholson of the Methodist church led
in prayer. The quartet then gave an
other selection, "Hark, Hark, My
Soul." Rev. O. S. Taylor, pastor of
the Baptist church, following with the
Scripture reading. A sextet of senior
girls sang "Calm as the Night" just
before the delivery of the sermon.
Campfire Girls Camping
The Wahelo campfire girls are
spending this week camping at Gran
ite Reef. Mrs. Howard Woods and
others are chaperoning the girls and
when they left town yesterday morn
ing they were planning great times.
Scouts Go Too
The Boy Scouts are to have their
outing this week, also. They left this
morning under the supervision of
Rev. E. H. Nicholson and they will
journey to Granite Reef.
Seniors' Day Today
Today is Seniors' day, and a big
time they are planning, too. This
evening at 8:30 o'clock they give a
play in the auditorium for the benefit
of the other students and the public.
Following this they will climb the
Tempe Butte, accompanied by the
juniors. The seniors will first form
their "'19" with lanterns, which will
then be passed on to the juniors, who
will use them to make the "'20."
Pythians Annual Roll Call
Tonight is the night when the
Knights of Pythias are to have their
annual roll call. All members are
urged to be there, and a friend may be
invited.
Down from Hayden
Mr. and Mrs. John James and little
son motored down from Hayden to
spend Sunday with Mrs. James'
mother, Mrs. Will Botkin.
Accepts New Position
Miss Zella Austin, who has been a
member of the Lamson Business col
lege faculty for the past year, has
accepted a position as instructor of
bookkeeping in the Flagstaff normal
for the summer term. Miss Austin will
leave Saturday for Flagstaff.
Dr. Moeur Better
Dr. B. B. Moeur, who has been quite
ill for the past week, is reported to be
just a little better.

fev

Graduati

AND NECESSITIES
for both sexes are here in profusion. You have
only a few days in which to choose. Our varied
stock will make it easy for you.

Our Best Wis

for the future prosperity and happiness of the
graduates go with them, and we also say to
them, if they
can't find what
they want in
their home
town, just re

lies

TEMPE

HAULING .
TEAMING
Horses and mules for sale or trade
E. G. CLARKE
Phone 72 Tempe

MERCANTILE PAPER
NEW YORK, June 16 Mercantile
paper, 5%5; sterling, 60-day bills,
$4.59; commercial, 60-day bills on
banks, $4.58; commercial; 60-day
bills, $4.58; demand, $4.61; cables,
$4.62. Time loans, strong; all dates
$5 to 6. Call money, strong; high, 12;
low, 10; ruling rate, 10; closing bid, 12,
offered at 12; last loan, 12.

Now Open for Business
McDonald Motor Co.
TEMPE
Goodyear Tires, Accessories and
Repairing

GIGE AT MIS
DESTROYED BY FIRE

MESA, June 17. Fire of an unknown
origin yesterday morning at 2:30 o'clock
destroyed the garage belonging to Dav
id Wallace, and situated near the fam
ily residence north of the Mesa mill.
There were a number of articles stored
in the building which also were lost.
The saving of the family auto by the
son "Billy" was an act of cool-headed
nerve. Mrs. Wallace, who was sleep
ing on the porch, was awakened by the
light of the flames coming through the
garage roof. She aroused the others of
the family. Though the mother begged
him to stay out of the burning building,
young Wallace rushed through the
flame and smoke, and starting the car,
backed it out with no other damage
to it than cracked headlights and a
badly scorched top.

This Letter Received
Recently
This table shows the monthly earnings on an invest
ment of $200 in a company capitalized at $300,000.
$200 invested in a company producing 500 barrels
daily, $80 monthly.
$200 invested in a company producing 1000 barrels
daily, $160 monthly.
$200 invested in a company producing 2000 barrels
daily, $320 monthly.
$200 invested in a company producing 3000 barrels
daily, $480 monthly.
$200 invested in a company producing 4000 barrels
daily, $640 monthly.
$200 invested in a company producing 5000 barrels
daily, $800 monthly.

OFFICERS
W. A. NETTLE, Wichita County Capitalist, President.
EDWARD M. ROBERTS, Capt. R. F. C., First Vice President.
FREDERICK LIBBY, Capt. A. F. C., Secretary-Treasurer.
STEPHEN PRICE, Major R. F. C., Second Vice President.

Texas-California Consolidated Oil Company
(Incorporated)
1860 Well Chosen Acres
Of 100 Percent Oil Land

Capital $300,000
Shares $1.00 Par

501 Martin Bldg.
El Paso, Texas

Build Road to Swimming Place
Yesterday the Alma Ward Parent's class put into effect a plan which they
agreed upon at a recent meeting, the
building of a road along the river, one
half mile west of the Stringtown road,
to a splendid swimming place where
there are cool springs of drinking
water. The pool is nearly 200 yards
length and of varying depth. The road
way lies on private ground and when
completed will make a satisfactory
route for autos. A charge of 25 cents
per vehicle will be made for passage
over the road, and the fund thus
raised will go toward buying a victrola
for the class. It is expected that the
road will be in readiness for the Thurs
day half-holiday of this week.

Here's table referred to
This table shows the monthly earnings on an invest
ment of $500 in a company capitalized at $100,000.

$500 invested in a company producing 500 barrels
daily, $200 monthly.
$500 invested in a company producing 1000 barrels
daily, $400 monthly.
$500 invested in a company producing 2000 barrels
daily, $800 monthly.
$500 invested in a company producing 3000 barrels
daily, $1200 monthly.
$500 invested in a company producing 4000 barrels
daily, $1600 monthly.
$500 invested in a company producing 5000 barrels
daily, $2000 monthly.

Santa Ana, Cal., June 9th, 1919.

Texas-California Consolidated Oil Co.,
El Paso, Texas. 501 Martin Building.
Gentlemen:
I notice your advertisement in the Los Angeles papers,
in regard to oil stock for sale at $1.00 a share.
Do you guarantee an investment to the investor ac
cording to the table herein enclosed.
Supposing that I would invest $200, would I receive
a monthly income from your company of $80 and up
wards. Do you guarantee this investment to all in
vestors? Awaiting your reply
Very Sincerely,

Texas-California Consolidated Oil Co.,
501 Martin Building,
El Paso, Texas.
Gentlemen: Inclosed find $ for
share of the capital stock of
Texas-California Consolidated Oil Company, at $1 a
share, par value. Same being fully paid and non
assessable. I understand that I am to share in the
profits from all property the company now owns and
may hereafter acquire.
Signed
Address . . . .
A. R. 6-16-19

Mr. .
Santa Ana, California.
Dear Mr.
Your letter of June 9th at hand.
We do not guarantee the investors in Texas-California Consolidated will ever
receive one penny in dividends, for the oil business, like every other business and
like life itself is full of uncertainties.
It is impossible that any man, who has lived in the world for the last ten months
during which time thousands and thousands of people have made fortunes in oil;
is it possible, while newspapers and magazines throughout the nation are printing
column after column concerning the wonderful opportunities of the new south
western oil fields? Is it possible, while nature is scattering her wealth in great
volume, that the most vivid stories ever depicted in the myth of the Rainbow's
end, is it possible with all this wealth at our very door that one should doubt what
he sees and hears and knows?
No: we do not guarantee that stockholders in Texas-California Consolidated
shall receive $80 per month from a $200 investment, and neither did A. M. Fowler
guarantee investors in the original Burkburnett Company the Fowler farm, that
they would receive $22,250 for every share he sold them for $100 and neither did
the Marino Oil Co. guarantee investors that they would pay them $2,250 for $100
within a few months after the company was organized and neither did Burk
Wrigoner Co. with only 60 acres of land, guarantee their stockholders that they
would sell their company for two million dollars within a few days after their first
well was in, netting every stockholder $3,333.33 for every share of stock.

The little table referred to, printed in this advertisement, is absolutely correct
and is based on the present price of oil and on the capital stock of Texas-California
Consolidated.
And did you think that Texas-California Consolidated guaranteed $480 dividend
yearly? Did you know that investments that pay only 4 per cent yearly are uncer
tain and did you know that there are fewer failures in oil than in banks?
The Texas-California Consolidated Co. owns 1860 well chosen acres of 100 per
cent oil land, located in Iowa Park, Texas, in the famous Abilene fields, Texas, and
in the wonderful field of Grant County, New Mexico. Surrounding our various prop
erties, is the greatest activity in these fields. The wildest scramble for riches
surpassing by far the mad rush for gold in California of '49 and causing the famous
Spindletop boom to seem trifling in comparison is now going on in the south
western oil fields.
No; we do not guarantee one penny in dividends, for no man can tell for
certain what lies from 100 to 3000 feet beneath the ground. But we do guarantee
that every surface indication on every acre of land we own causes one to anticipate
oil on our holdings in great quantities. If there is anything to geology, there was
never a more certain future for an oil company than the Texas-California Con
solidated.
We do not guarantee dividends, but we do guarantee that every man shall have
a fair, square run for his money, that the affairs of Texas-California shall be
economically and efficiently managed. We do guarantee and we are sincere when
we say that this company offers the greatest possibilities of any enterprise offer
ing stock for public subscriptions.
The officers and organizers of this company have put their money in to the
proposition the same as they are asking investors to and will get their money back
the same as investors will get theirs in dividends. If you expect to get rich in oil
or if you expect to get rich at all, you have to take a chance. We have never yet
heard of a sure thing.
Thanking you for your kind letter, we remain
Sincerely
TEXAS-CALIFORNIA CONSOLIDATED OIL CO.

These letters are copies of actual correspondence. The originals are on file in our office.

Completes Purchase of Mesa Tribune
Sunday's Republican contained an
item to the effect that H. D. Ross, Jr.,
had purchased the interest of George L.
Allison in the Mesa Daily Tribune.
Since the first deal was made, Mr. Ross
also has secured the interest of the re
maining partner, Judge George Irwin,
and now is sole owner of the Mesa
paper. Mr. Ross will be in Bisbee for
a few days winding up his affairs there.

It is expected that Judge Irwin will extend his vacation now being spent in
Oregon, until the fall months.

Will Camp in White Mountains
Jack Asher of the Mesa Garage, with
Mrs. Asher and Mark Stowe, one of the
employees, will leave in a few days for
a three-weeks camping trip in the
White Mountains.

K. L. Mumford at Home
K. L. Mumford has returned from
the Imperial Valley where he has been
looking after the cantaloupe shipments
for Gerard & Co.
Mr. Mumford reports that the crop
has been unusually heavy and that the
farmers of Imperial have had a suc
cessful season. Shipments there are
nearing their end, though there probably
will be sufficient to last until the
entry on the market of the Salt River
Valley melons.

Parents of Dr. Greer in Mesa
Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Greer of Missouri,
parents of Dr. Greer, well-known Mesa
physician, now in the service as an
army surgeon, are visiting in Mesa.
They are contemplating locating here.

Andersons Now in Their New Home
Mr. and Mrs. William Anderson have
moved from their ranch near Gilbert
into the handsome new residence which
they have just had completed on North
Center street adjoining the Max Viault
home.

S. E. Korngut Out After Injury
S. E. Korngut, proprietor of the Mesa
Steam Laundry, was out yesterday en
joying an auto ride, following his acci
dent of ten days ago, which accident
ally shot off his thumb while out
hunting. He states that Mrs. Korngut
is determined to ship him to his old
home in California for a brief vacation,
and he supposes he will have to go. The
Kornguts are enjoying a visit from
their brother-in-law, Dr. Joseph Bloom
of Los Angeles. The doctor will be in
Mesa for several days before returning
to the coast.

Mrs. Jarrett Goes to Long Beach
Mrs. C. C. Jarrett and the children
left yesterday for Long Beach where
they will spend the heated term. Mrs.
Jarrett hopes to be able to get away
from her store during the month of
August, in which case he will join his
family at the seaside.

LOST Between Mesa and Tempe,
black Cocker Spaniel, collar on neck,
answers to name Buster. Reward.
Notify E. C. Gannett, 201 Nat. Bank of
Ariz. B'dg. Phone 15111.

LIBERTY BOND QUOTATIONS

Furnished Daily to The Republican

by

Allyn Lewis, Adams Hotel Bldg.

3s, 1947 $99.44
1st 4s, 1947 94.50
2nd 4s, 1942 93.70
1st 4s, 1947 95.20
2nd 4s, 1942 94.10
3rd 4s, 192X 95.32
4th 4s, 193$ 94.70
Victory, 99.94

-gyf ORGANDIE

Suitable for graduation purposes or everyday wear.
These comprise absolutely the latest ideas, having
been received during the past 48 hours. We would
advise an immediate inspection of these goods, as the
quality, style and prices are bound to make them
move fast.

The Busy Cor
TEMPE

iter

Your Gift
Should Be
JEWELRY

Nothing lends such tone to occasions like graduating
as gifts of jewelry. We would be glad to assist you
in choosing an appropriate present. Here are a few
suggestions :
FOR THE BOY GRADUATE Watches, Chains,
Fobs, Cuff Links, Fountain Pens, Silver Pencils,
Gold Pencils, Scarf Pins, Tie Clasps.

FOR THE GIRL GRADU
ATE Watches, Wrist Watch
es, Bar Pins, Lavallieres,
Lockets, Signet Rings, Chains,
Beads, Bracelets.

Frank La Mont
Jeweler and Optometrist
Tempe

Seniors of
T.N.S.
While we will miss
you we are proud of
you.
See us for practical
gifts, such as purses,
handkerchiefs, and
gloves.
Brown Mercantile
Company
(Prather's)
Phone 71 Tempe