o

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: FRIDAY MORNING, JULY 3, 1903.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN
PUBLISHED BY THE
Arizona Publishing Co.
GEO. W. VICKERS. Pres. and Gen. Mgr.
Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press In Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes in Arizona. Publication office: 36-38 East Adams
street. Telephone No. 471
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.

SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year 19.00
Weekly, one year 2.00
Cash in advance.
BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month ,
.75 cts.
Arizona visitors to the Coast will find
The Daily Republican on sale at the fol
lowing places in Los Angeles:
Hollenbeck hotel news stand, and B. F. Gardiner, 305 South Spring street.

PHOENIX, ARIZONA, JULY 3, 1903
Only a Fair Deal.
We print in this issue of The Repub
lican two communications from the
Phoenix Water company, one addressed
to the mayor and council and the other
to the Citizens committee. Both are
worthy of consideration. The company
makes announcement that it has com
pleted arrangements for the betterment and extension of its system, so
that it will satisfy the present demands
of the city and also those of the future
for years to come. It is admitted in
the communications that the present
system is inadequate, there were ob
stacles in the way of the company
which could be overcome only by time
and effort. But now they have been
happily overcome and contracts have
been let for the improvement of the
system, and much of the material is
now on the way; some of it, indeed,
has already been brought in.
The company very reasonably suf
fered in its work by efforts to renew
the agitation in favor of a public sys
tem. We do not believe that it will be
hampered in that way, now that it has
shown that it is earnestly engaged in
giving the people what they have been
that there was a strong sentiment in
Phoenix in favor of municipal owner
ship. At the first election for the
voting of bonds for the building of a public system the proposition was narrowly defeated, and the result was prob
ably a good test of the public owner
ship strength. At the last election the
bond proposition developed a strong
majority, and barely failed of the nec
essary two-thirds' vote. But that vote
could not be interpreted to be an ex
pression in favor of the abstract prin
ciple of public ownership. A large ma
jority of the voters merely wanted an
improved water works system, and,
despairing of an improvement of the
present system, they voted for the pub
lic works.
The company now having given not
only verbal assurance, but actual proof
of its good intentions, we believe it will
be met in a reasonable spirit by the
members of the council, the citizens'
committee and the majority of the tax
payers of Phoenix.
The Hand of the Law In Kentucky.
A visit to Breathitt county, Kentucky, is full of encouragement for those
who believe it possible to install civi
lization and its accompaniments of law
and order in Breathitt county.
As an evidence that General Mur
ray's iron-handed policy in backing up
Police Judge Cardwell is working well
here, Tom Tharpe, arrested Saturday
night for shooting within the town
limits, was today fined $20 and costs. Shortly O'Connor and Tom Penner,
who broke up religious worship two
miles from town, were fined $11 and
$25 each. This shows Mr. Murray's
orders have cowed the lawless, and not
a shot was fired on Sunday.
He is the man for the job of civilizing Breathitt county, and if he succeeds he
should have a monument. There is
good reason to believe that the task
is not as difficult as has been believed,
but that only a due amount of nerve
on the part of law officers is required.
It has been too readily assumed that
the frontier of the Appalachian range
are beyond the reach of the law.
Falling in with this comfortable as
sumption, sheriffs and even the offi
cials of the state government, have
permitted matters to take their own
course, seldom making more than a
perfunctory effort to assert the ma
jesty of the law. It has been taken
for granted that the inhabitants are so
war-like that they are not amenable
to the discipline which elsewhere
serves to preserve the peace. The in
evitable result has been the rapid
growth of anarchy, and the multipli
cation of assassinations until the ordi
nary sheriff and the ordinary militia
officer have been afraid to undertake
arrests. And to be sure, there has been
ample ground for fear while officers
held to the tactics of timidity.
There is a long list of sheriffs and dep
uties who have been shot down from
ambush.
But the prime factor of the situation
was disregarded, or perhaps, unsus
pected until General Murray at the
head of the national guard appeared
on the scene. This factor was the es
sential cowardice of the natives. Hu
man nature is the same in every coun
try that is inhabited by the same race.
The assassin is inwardly a coward.
The man who lies in wait in ambush
for his enemy has not the bravery of the
ordinary coyote on Arizona's deserts.
To deal with him it is necessary, merely,
that he be chased into the open.
There, he is a very cur. That which
was needed all along in Breathitt
county was the declaration of martial
law and the continuing of martial law
for an indefinite period, but with the
functions of the local magistrates and
trial judges undisturbed so long as
they had the courage to do their duty.
That is, the feud section has needed
to know that there were at hand suffi
cient forces to make arrests at any
cost, officers who would pursue assas
sins and miscellaneous law-breakers
into their most secret haunts at any
hazard, and judges who would rigor
ously try and punish the culprits.
General Murray, it seems, is properly
carrying out this policy.
Bristow and Smith on the Tulloch
Charges.
Both Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General Bristow and his former chief,
Charles Emory Smith, are experienced
and talented newspaper men, and it is,
therefore, surprising to find them
writing dull and turgid stuff. General
Bristow's recent report of his investi
gation of the Tulloch charges and for
mer Postmaster General Smith's ex
planation and comments on the facts
developed are lacking in that instant
clearness which usually characterizes
the work of the trained newspaper
writer. One must read Bristow's re
port with exceeding care to see dis
tinctly what he is driving at, and after
reading Mr. Smith's letter there is a
feeling of uncertainty.
What is he trying to say? Were Bristow or Smith to instruct a beginner in writing for the papers, an elementary rule would be that the writer's proposition must
be stated in the first paragraph, and,
if possible, in the first sentence. Then,
details in logical order naturally
follow. But in reading the Bristow-
Smith literature on the postoffice
scandals one must follow to the very
end to discover what is attempted to
be set forth. They do not even obey
the school-teacher's rule, which every
student is to abandon summarily
when he passes from school into the
domain governed by the coldly critical
public with a climax.
The central idea presented by Bristow
and Smith does not strongly appear at
either the beginning, the middle, or the
end. The reader is prompted to ex
claim, with Hamlet, "words, words,
words."
No one in the department, and not
even the most unfair and rabidly par
tisan democrat has thought of hinting
that Postmaster General Smith knew
anything of the misconduct in his de
partment or that had he known of it.
The newspaper correspondent at
Vienna, who is reporting that remorse
has overtaken the Servian assassins to
such an extent that Belgrade is one
great globe of gloom, is probably a
first cousin to the Tucson liar who pe
riodically sends out horrible details of
the Yaqui war. Men capable of plot
ting for months to assassinate the head
of their government are not of the
stuff on which conscience operates.
Sweetness and Light in Missouri.
It has always been urged in favor of
the trusts that they are able at all
times to command the services of the
most eminent specialists in every de
tail of their business, to the ultimate
advantage of the public. If a new ore
is to be analyzed, the most disting
uished chemists leave their academic
chairs to do the work; if a lawsuit is to
be defended, an ex-attorney general of
the United States is at hand.
It is just so with trust literary activi
ties. When the Sugar trust wanted to
issue certain pamphlets it sought ev
erywhere for the man of all men best
qualified to write them. The fact that
this man turned out to be lieutenant
governor of Missouri, and that legis
lation affecting the trust's interests was
soon to come up in the State legislature,
is a mere incident. Of course his work
was well paid. Great corporations can
afford to be generous. And can $1,000
be called an excessive price for a bro
chure on sugar, when in England a
mere writer of romances is receiving
a dollar a word for his unprofitable
narratives? It appears somewhat
strange at first that Mr. Lee was not
known to the public as one of the mas
ters of English prose, but the wonder
vanishes when we consider that his
writings were intended purely for cir
culation among legislators, who are
reticent about matters of this kind.
Missouri, it would seem, is abundantly
blessed at present with sweetness and
light; sweetness emanating from the
Sugar trust, while the light is being
let in by Circuit Attorney Folk. New
York Evening Post.
Mars in Trouble.
If and all scientists must be ap
proached with an if scientists are cor
rect in their beliefs and statements
that sun spots have an influence on
this earth, little, afflicted planet, caus
ing famines in India, volcanic eruptions
in the tropics and floods in the North
ern countries, why may it not be pos
sible that something is troubling the
planet Mars, and, in his turn, the
planet Mars is troubling this planet?
Don't blame everything on the sun,
especially in these June days when so
little is seen of his gracious countenance. Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.
It is not the man who tells good jokes
but the one who laughs at poor ones
that we think makes the best company.
New York Press.

SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

The
American National
Bank
OF LOS ANGELES, CAL.
Cor. Broadway and Second Sts.
Paid up capital..
$1,000,000
OFFICERS:
W. F. Botsford President
W. J. Washburn.. Vice President
T. E. Newlin Vice President
J. G. Mossin Vice President
W. J. Doran.. .. ..Vice President
T. W. Phelps Cashier
C. M. Wood. ..Assistant Cashier
DIRECTORS:
W. F. Botsford, H. E. Huntington, M. J. Cornell, J. A.
Muir, Epes Randolph, W. J. Washburn, Homer Laughlin,
Walter S. Newhall, T. E. Newlin, Dr. Jno. R. Haynes, H. C.
Witmer;
The most centrally located
safe deposit and storage vaults
in the city.
A perfect piano in all its parts
perfect tone, power, beauty;
all that the true music lover
enjoys and demands. Kranich &
Bach pianos have been made
and used since 1861 nearly 40
years. Easy terms.
Mr. Paul Morgan, an experi
enced piano tuner, is represent
ing us in the territory. Mr. Mor
gan may be reached through
General Delivery, Phoenix.
GEO. J. BIRKELCO.
345-347 S. Spring Street
Los Angeles, Cal.

I The !
I G. S. B.
I Piano.

A perfect piano in all its parts
perfect tone, power, beauty;

LARGEST BANK IN

Farmers & Merchants National Bank

Of Los Angeles, Cal.,
Capital
Surplus
U. S. Government
Available Assets
March 31st.
DIRECTORS: Isaias W. Hellman, W. R. Perry, Hermann W. Hellman, Wm.
Larivee, J. N. Van Nuys, H. K. Huntington, J. Harbach, J. P. Francis, G. V. S.
Child, J. A. Graves, I. W. Bellman Jr., C. E. Thorn, C. A. Ducommun, S.
N. V. Stowell.
Special Safe Deposit Department and Storage Vaults.

GERMAN-AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK
LOS ANGELES, CAL.

CAPITAL $200,000.00 CO ASSETS $3,700,000.00 SURPLUS $200,000.00
The Largest Savings Institution In Capital and Surplus on the Pacific Coast out
side of San Francisco. Pays 4 per cent on deposits.
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS M. N. Avery, President; Gail B. Johnson, Vice
President; C. N. Flint, Second Vice-President; D. F. Schumacher, Cashier; G. W.
Liechtensteiger, Asst. Cashier; L. V. Linn, A. C. Bilicke, H. W. Stoll, Victor
Bonet, Dr. Jos. Kurtz.

Broadway Bank

Warren Gillelen, President. R. W. Kenny, Cashier. Geo. I. Cochran

BRADBURY BUILDING. LOS ANGELES. CAL.
Paid up capital $200,000 Surplus and undivided profits $300,000
Directors R. C. Gavit, Warren Gillelen, Geo. W. Walker, Geo. I. Cochran,
Chas. H. Howland, W. C. Cummings, R. W. Kenny, Dr. W. V. Reckett, Col. V.
W. D. Turner. Transacts a general commercial banking business. This bank acts
as trustee for bond issues.

Santa Catalina Island.

3 1-2 Hours from Los Angeles. Season 1903.
THE FAMOUS CANVAS CITY IS NOW OPEN FOR THE SEASON
Under Beautiful Shade Trees, with an Entirely New Equipment. Per
fect Sanitary Drainage.
DAILY CONCERTS BY OUR MARINE BAND OF 30 ARTISTS.
Pleasurable Outdoor Pastimes, Boating, Bathing, Fishing, Golf, Etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE, With modern Appointments, is open the year round.
AVALON VILLA: One hundred comfortable canvas cottages without
board. Reservations made. Address, HANNING CO., 222 So. Spring
St., Los Angeles, or J. U. Hanning, Genl. Supt. Santa Catalina Island Co., Avalon,
California.

HOTEL GLENMORE, With good pension and
service, centrally located, the entire circle of life's comforts without limit, kept in strictly first-class order. Rates $1.50 per day. Table and service
unexcelled at the rate.
GEO. E. WEAVER, Catalina.
City Now Open.

H. I. CORCROSS, Agent,
200 S. Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.
Bulletin with rates.

Hotel Colorado'
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
An elegantly furnished family hotel.
(Rooms only). Rest beds in town.
Rooms single or en suite. Everything
new. Rates $1.50 per week and up.
One block from Central Park. 633 S.
Spring roadway.

Money to Loan at Low Rates
For building or on Improved city prop
erty or in good outside towns.
WE WILL LOAN YOU MONEY
New plan of payment. Interest decreases
if you pay. Our loans are made
and are paid off same as with a bank,
only you pay monthly. You do not mature stock to pay off a loan as in other
building and loan associations. A bor
rower can pay off a loan any time with
out notice, penalty or forfeiture. If you
want a loan call on or write our agents.
W. L. PASCOE, Phoenix.
J. KENNETT WALKER, Phoenix, or
MARTINDALE & HOUNK & CO.
Prescott, or
A. OUELLA or WILLIS V. HAYNES,
Tucson.
State Mutual Building & Loan Association
C. J. WADE, Pres. 141 S. Broadway.
Los Angeles, Cal.
WASHABLE
ELASTIC STOCKINGS
When we state that by reason of
specially cured rubber our goods can
be boiled without injury and in fact
prolonging the life and usefulness of
the stocking; thus permitting the same
cleanliness as with other clothing, you
will realize that they are more desira
ble and better adapted to the Arizona
climate, than any other.
We Warrant Them to Out
wear Two of Any Other
Make.
Each one is made fresh to measure,
and fit guaranteed. None genuine
without our "Monogram" trade mark.
Illustrated pamphlet and a good lin
en tape measure mailed free.
The W. W. Sweeney
Company
421 S. Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.

3

The
G. S. B.
Piano.

A perfect piano in all its parts
perfect tone, power, beauty;

LARGEST BANK IN

Farmers & Merchants National Bank

Of Los Angeles, Cal.,
Capital $1,000,000.00
Surplus 500,000.00
U. S. Government Bonds 2,003,000.00
Available Assets $8,943,656.99
March 31st.
Cor. Main and First Sts.
and Trust
Company
Vice Trust.
11:41 Unproved, all new and fresh. A roof
and elevation of 75 feet, giving a magnificent
sea and water front. Rooms with board or
with board, order. Rooms and board, $1.50 to
$2.50; not excelled at the rate.
K. J. WHITNEY. Prop., Avalon.
HOTEL is the only hotel on the
metropoie with a large dining
room, billiard, piano playing, and
deck of life 410 S. Broadway, or
GEO. E. WEAVER, Catalina.
Grand View Bath House open to guests. Los Angeles
Coronado Tent

Crowds of happy people there. Railroad rates from PHOENIX to CORO
NADO TENT CITY, (via Los Angeles) and return, same as to Los Angeles.
Write and ask for CORONADO EXTENSION TICKET. Furnished free.
Popular Prices. One price for all. Return fare gives the most for the money. Rest and bathing, choicest and most
healthful resort on EARTH. EVERY AMUSEMENT. Maximum charge per
person in tent is $1.25 per day.

Address, A. L. BRADDOCK, Mgr.
Coronado Beach, Cal.
Or your railroad agent.
THE BURLINAP,

Centrally located, all electric, large rooms, the door.
Everything first class in appointments. Rates $1.00 up.
Rooms by week or month. Third and D street.
Brighton Beach Hotel.

Brighton
"The Society Resort of the Pacific."

All forms of Amusements. Needed for families. Season dates June 15 to
Sept. 15. For rates, address
Geo. H. P. O., Terminal, Cal.
Redondo. 17 miles from Los Angeles, reached
via Santa Fe, Los Angeles and Pacific Electric Ry.
Rent your tent cheap. The
sizes and prices will suit.
Send at once for illustrated
catalogue. Further particulars,
apply to
REDONDO IMPROVEMENT CO.,
A. M. JONES, Agent,
217 W. Second St. Los Angeles.
Tent on the grounds at Redondo.
HOTEL REDONDO,

The very finest hotel service in a newly renovated, comfortable hotel. Sum
mer rates $1.00 to $5.00 per day. Special excursions.
W. THOMAS, Prop.
Redondo Beach Cal.
Yachting, boating and fishing.
Service to Los Angeles.
C. Fryman. Prop.
By the Redondo Electric Railway line. Second and Santa Fe. Fifteen minute service;
HEALTH! PLEASURE! COMFORT! EVERYTHING NEW AND
ATTRACTIVE. A few of Redondo's Attractions:
Sailing Boats.
Rowing Boats, Water Coasters.
Dives, Fishing, Golf, Tennis.
Boats for hire. Salt Water Bathing, Powdering.
Redondo Beach, Cal.
THE WEID.
TCI So. Main St., Los Angeles,
Opposite P. O. Sunny rooms by day,
week or month. Transient rooms at
reasonable rates. Mrs. J. M. Wheeler,
Prop.
Now open for summer tourists, new
and strictly up-to-date apartment
WILSON
STREET V
Centrally located,
All street cars pass

LEWIS GRANT, Proprietor.

ADVERTISEMENTS

LOS ANGELES
PREFERRED LIST

The purpose of this column is to supply the Arizona public with the names
and addresses of thoroughly reliable Los Angeles establishments. The list will
be found particularly valuable to those visiting the Coast. In dealing with the
advertisers be sure to tell them where you saw the advertisement. They
will appreciate it and so will The Republican.

REGAL SHOES by Mail.
$5.00 PER PAIR, CARRIAGE CHARGES
PREPAID. In different patterns, latest
styles. Self-measurement blanks and
Spring catalogue free upon request.
Los Angeles Store, 226 W. Third St.
A. S. VANDEGRIFT, Manager.
AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS.
ARNOTT CO., Los Angeles,
Cal. Vehicles, Farm Machinery. Mail
orders solicited. Write for catalogue.
CARPETS AND RUGS.
T. RILLINGTON CO., 312-314 S. Broad
way. Curtains, draperies, China and Ja
pan mattings. All kinds of floor coverings. Hummell Pros. & Co., 116-118 E. Second
St. Carefully selected help.
Mrs. H. S. HAVLEY, 21 S. Broadway.
Special attention to Arizona orders.
FORTINE & HAWKINS
The Los Angeles Employment
Hustlers.
Large gangs specialty. Both phones
Main 419. 104-106 N. Los Angeles St.
MACHINERY, ENGINES, ETC.
WESTERN IRON WORKS, 913-927 N.
Main St., manufacturers crude oil engines
and pumps. Complete irrigating plants.
VULCAN IRON WORKS, PLANT
Main St., makers steam mill & grist crushers, well tools. General machine work,
So. California Arms
Agents for D. M. Lefever Sons & Co.,
BALLISTITE AND EMPIRE
Kodaks

HOWLAND & CO.

Are the

Ready Roofing and
Building Papers
On the Coast. Our brands are well known :

Ready Rock, Marble-race, Granite,

Send for samples and Prices,
L. MELINN, Pres. and Gen. Manager.
Southwestern Lumber Co.
Lumber and Mill Work, wholesale and retail. General offices: Nos. 601,
602 and 600 Trust Building. Wharves and Yards: San Pedro and Wilmington.
Cal. Tel. Main 1112. LOS ANGELES. CAL."

SPEND YOUR VACATION

Los Angeles Pacific
Via Playa del Rey, Manhattan, North

Also via Hollywood, Colegrove, Sherman, Sawtelle and Soldiers' Home to
Santa Monica and Ocean Park. Electric cars run every fifteen minutes from
company's office, West Fourth St., near Broadway.

When in
Los Angeles Visit

The largest and best establishment of its kind on the Pacific coast. Seat
ing capacity 1,200. The best orchestra. The dining best on earth. Popular
prices. Music all day, which helps to digest your meals. 114 S. Spring St. 212
S. Broadway, Los Angeles. COTTA

The Palace Cafe and Restaurant
Opposite the Nadeau Hotel.
ARIZONIANS' HEADQUARTERS
Concerts every day from 12 to 1:30, from 6 to 7:30, and from 8 to 12 nightly.
Best kitchen in connection. Imported and domestic beers on draught.
SCHNEIDER & FIBBER, Proprietors.

HOTEL CORONA.
Up-to-date in all its appointments. The leading Family Hotel in the city
Steam Heat. Electricity and Gas. N. E. corner Seventh and Broadway. Tel.
phone Joseph 6051. Convenient to all street cars and the shopping district.
J. H. Harding, Manager. Los Angeles, Cal.
Hillenbeck Hotel.
Headquarters for Arizonans.
Corner Second and Spring Streets, Los Angeles, California
A. C. BILICKE CO., Props.
LEWIS DINING PARLORS.
Fresh Fish Shell Fish
Our Specialties.
Thoroughly modern, centrally located, excellently equipped, skillfully man
aged, popularly priced.

LEWIS,
117 W. Third St.
203 R.

HOTEL GRAY GABLES, Los Angeles, Cal.
A high-class American plan, family hotel for transient and permanent guests
at 7th and Hill streets. Close to business center, all car lines and places of
amusement. Excellent music. Call or send for rates. E. R. PRIELESON, Mgr.

James Jones Co. Brass Works
Telephone Main 1105 Los Angeles, Cal.
ELECTRIC RAILROAD BRASS SUPPLIES.
Brass steam fittings, brass engine
valves, irrigation valves, office and bank;
railings, plumbers' specialties. Prompt
attention given to all special brass work.
Brass and bronze castings. BUYERS OF
SCRAP BRASS and COPPER.
PATENTS
PATENTS, Copyrights, trade-marks.
Labels, U. S. and Foreign. Infringement
cases prosecuted and defended. Townsend
Bros., Bradbury Bldg., Los Angeles. Cal.
PATENTS-Hazard & Harpham. Los
Angeles. Send for free book on patents.
POULTRY SUPPLIES
HENRY ALTERS. 313 S. Main St.
Largest poultry supply house in U. S.
Send for free catalogue.
WANTED
PRIVATE HOME for ladies during con
finement. Best of care. Homes found for
children. Mrs. Dr. C. E. Smith, 77 Bellevue Ave.
CALIFORNIA STATE MILITARY SANITARIUM AT KELSVILLE.
Pasadena, Cal. Dr. W. H. Salter, Medical
Director. Write for Booklet.
BARRELS AND TANKS.
Los Angeles Cooperage Co., Tanks, barrels
and kegs. Write for prices.
OPTICAL GOODS
ADOLF FRESE
Eyeglasses, Optical Goods and
Draftsmen and Surveyor's Supplies
Manufacturer and importer. Los Ange
les, Cal., 126 S. Spring St. Sunset
Tel. Main 1042. Home Tel. 1042.
Photographic Co., Los Angeles.
The New Lens 73rd
POWDERS.
and Photo Supplies

We make a specialty of Developing, Printing and Enlarging.
Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. Send for Catalogue.

213 SOUTH BROADWAY
LOS ANGELES, CAL.

The PIONEER ROLL PAPER CO.
Los Angeles, Cal.

largest Manufacturers of
Rubber Sanded, Rubber Flaxine.

At VETERAN ALPINE PARK, the Brown mountain resort
in California. 5,000 feet above sea level in the heart of
the Sierra Madres. Quick transportation to Los An
geles by rail. Write agent PACIFIC ELECTRIC RAILWAY,
220 South Spring Street, Los Angeles.

Railway Co.
PACIFIC
ROUTE
Manhattan and Hermosa to Redondo
Main.
LOS ANGELES. CAL.