PAGE TWO

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SATURDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 4, 1920

ABOUT THE STATE

Booze Corset Causes Pinch  
DOUGLAS The "booze corset"  
came into play again yesterday. The  
outcome was the apprehension of Mar  
ianna Perra and wife of Perleeville,  
according to custom officials, after  
they had come across the international  
line with four bottles of mescal.  
Traveling with a one-horse wagon,  
with which the couple were bringing  
groceries from Agua Prieta, the woman  
had strapped in a cloth container un  
der her clothing four bottles of mescal.  

Inspector W. E. Hatcher, who appre  
hended the couple, turned them over to  
the city authorities. The federal of  
ficers were holding the horse and wa  
gon. —International.  

Gin First Cotton  
YUMA The long staple or Egyptian  
cotton gin at Winterhaven ginned the  
first bale of long staple cotton ginned  
in the valleys around Yuma for the  
season of 1920 yesterday. The bale  
weighed out 503 pounds and was of  
extra fine fiber and quality. This gin  
has been rebuilt and modernized in  
every particular and is now as good a  
gin as money will build. The manager,  
M. M. Cline, stated yesterday that the  
gin would begin regular work and  
make a continuous run on and after  
September 8. The first bale of cotton  
ginned was from the cotton ranch of  
Wallace Brothers. The gin is owned  
and operated by the McCall Cotton &  
Oil company of Phoenix and Los  
Angeles.—Sun.  

To Suppress Vice  
DOUGLAS Resolutions were  
recently passed and unanimously  
adopted by the Ministerial Association  
of Douglas relative to abolishing all  
forms of vice on the Mexican border—  
gambling, selling liquor and houses of  
prostitution, inclusive. Immediate ac  
tion will be instituted relative to con  
ditions on the Mexican border, accord-  
ing to Mr. Pesqueira, and co-operation  
of the Ministerial Association of Doug  
las shall be heartily endorsed.—Inter  
national.  

Housing Problem a School Problem  
PRESCOTT S. H. Martin, superin­  
tendent of the city schools, expects an  
enrollment larger than last year in both  
the high and the grade schools. With  
the exception of a kindergarten assist­  
ant for the Lincoln school, his teaching  
staff is completely filled, eight men  
being on the teaching force.  

The high school building will accom­  
modate 160 pupils; the enrollment of  
last year averaged 118. Three port­  
able school "houses" have been bought  
and on arrival will be erected on the  
Washington school grounds to take  
care of any overflow of attendance,  
thus avoiding any overcrowding in the  
basement rooms of that building.  

Superintendent Martin emphasized  
that his greatest problem was how to  
satisfy the teachers who were depend­  
ing on him to secure them apartments  
and rooms for the winter. Previous  
years he has had a long list of desir­  
able rooms furnished him by the own­  
ers; this year he has but five or six  
listed, and the teachers write him to  
"have" a place to stay.—Journal-Miner.  

Complete Bridge  
GLOBE H. E. Robertson, superin­  
tendent of bridge construction work for  
the El Paso Bridge company, left yes­  
terday for El Paso, after completing  
the work on the bridge across Salt  
river on the Pleasant Valley road. The  
entire construction work of the bridge  
is complete, according to Mr. Robert­  
son, and is now ready for inspection  
and acceptance. The bridge is two  
hundred and eighteen feet long and  
twenty feet wide, made of curve cord  
steel and a concrete base.—Record.  

Reopens Consular Agency  
DOUGLAS The American consular  
agency for Agua Prieta will not re­  
main closed pending the appointment  
of a new permanent agent. This be­  
came known yesterday afternoon with  
the return here of Thomason Dickin­  
son, American vice-consul, from No­  
gales, to re-open the agency.—Dispatch.  

Expect Teacher Shortage  
TUCSON A scarcity of teachers  
will greet the county school system  
when the schools are opened Septem­  
ber 20, it was said yesterday at the  
county school superintendent's office.  
At present the office is having the  
greatest difficulty in finding sufficient  
teachers to take charge of the schools  
in the rural districts.  
The date for the opening of rural  
schools has been set for September 20,  
the same day on which the Tucson  
public schools will open.—Star.  

Rains Encourage Cattlemen  
DOUGLAS At Apache station, forty  
miles east of Douglas last Saturday, a  
representative of the Daily Interna­  
tional met a number of prominent citi­  
zens of that neighborhood, among them  
the two merchants, J. W. Richart and  
E. D. Wright. Both agreed that recent  
rains had brought a better feeling  
among the cattlemen in that section.  
Rains which fell ten days ago have  
started both weeds and grass and al­  
ready there is abundance of grass  
which promises to mature sufficiently  
in time to carry the cattle through the  
winter.—International.  

Takes Own Life  
GLOBE Mrs. Lucile Overdeer of  
Miami is dead from the effects of tak­  
ing bichloride of mercury at her home  
in Millvue canyon last Saturday after­  
noon, following which her little daugh­  
ter appeared at the nearby home of  
Charles Allen with a note for his moth­  
er, Mrs. Nellie Jones, which read, "this  
is the only way," and ended, "look out  
for my little girl and the lodge insur­  
ance." In the note she expressed her inten­  
tion of committing suicide and that she  
regretted the rash determination.—  
Record.  

"How You Goin' to Keep 'Em?"  
MESA Approximately 80 teachers  
will arrive in Mesa just before Sept. 20.  
Where will they live? This is no small  
question that faces Superintendent  
Hendrix just now. He will ask the real  
estate men and the residents of the  
town to list with him any vacant rooms  
or dwellings, for at present there  
seems an utter lack of places where  
even the greater part of the faculty  
may find a place in which to live.  
But here is the hardest part of all.  
Twenty of these incoming teachers are  
men with their wives. This means 20  
new families coming to a town where  
at present there is hardly a vacant  
house. Furthermore it means that if  
the residents of the high and grade  
school districts are to keep these  
teachers at all, some very active work  
will have to be done within the next  
3 weeks. Teachers are humans just  
like other folks and when they arrive  
they will have to find a place to live  
or else they must leave. What then is  
Mesa going to do about this? It is a  
question for immediate decision.—  
Union.  

All For A Man  
GLOBE The wife of Jesus M. Her­  
nandez, tried Tuesday afternoon in the  
city court on a charge of assaulting  
his wife, proved her true worth at the  
end of the trial by offering to go to  
jail instead of her husband.  
Although Mrs. Hernandez admitted  
to the court that she was assaulted  
by her husband, when the court or­  
dered him committed to jail, she made  
a plea that she would prefer going  
in order that the husband be let go  
free. A Mexican señorita also made  
the same request in behalf of the man,  
but both were refused by the police.  
Yesterday Hernandez drew a fine of  
$50 and a suspended sentence of 30  
days on good behavior.—Record.  

Wanted On Double Charge  
TOMBSTONE Following the grant­  
ing of requisition papers by Acting  
Governor Mit Simms at Phoenix yes­  
terday, A. B. Campbell, deputy county  
attorney of Kern county, Bakersfield,  
Cal., came on to Tombstone for the  
purpose of taking Emile Fritz back to  
the California city to face two charges.  
Fritz, according to the California man,  
is wanted first for the violation of pro­  
bation and second for kidnapping his  
two children and taking them out of  
the state into Arizona. The children  
are being kept in hiding by the father,  
it is claimed, who refuses to divulge  
their whereabouts so they can be taken  
back to California under the jurisdic­  
tion of the courts who handled the  
case.—Prospector.  

Experimenting In Cotton  
DOUGLAS There is every indica­  
tion that the cotton industry will soon  
become prominent in all the valleys  
of Cochise county. Experimental  
crops are now growing in the San  
Pedro, the Sulphur Springs and the  
San Simon valleys, the latter showing  
decidedly the largest area. At San  
Simon last Sunday a representative of  
the Daily International learned that  
two hundred acres in cotton is now  
making a remarkable showing, all now  
bearing bolls and blooms and in the  
most promising condition. It is be­  
lieved that much of this cotton will  
yield more than one bale to the acre  
and that some of it will easily make  
more than one bale to the acre.  
On Saturday last there was a meet­  
ing of the business men of San Simon  
and those farmers who have planted  
cotton this year to meet a man from  
Dallas, Texas, representing a cotton  
gin manufacturing company. As a  
result of this meeting a decision was  
reached to order a gin on the assur­  
ance that delivery would be made in  
time to have the gin ready to operate  
in time to care for the present crop.  
The gin will cost $5,000. This gin will  
be the more accessible for ginning the  
cotton which will be picked in the  
Sulphur Springs and San Pedro valleys  
as either by rail or truck the haul will  
be shorter and by truck over better  
roads.—International.  

Another "Empty Gun"  
YUMA Because a friend to whom a  
shotgun had been lent was so careless  
as to leave an unexploded shell in the  
barrel when he returned the gun, Ma­  
tilda Quintero, seven years of age, is  
dead and Modesto Quintero, two years  
of age, is lying at the Yuma hospital  
dangerously hurt.  
The accident took place at 8 o’clock  
Sunday evening. The friend who had  
borrowed the gun returned the gun to  
the Ochoa home Sunday evening. Mrs.  
Gregorio Ochoa was in the yard watch­  
ing the playing of a large crowd of  
children. The gun was given to her  
and she placed it in her lap. A few  
minutes elapsed and the gun was ex­  
ploded. Whether the trigger was  
pulled by Mrs. Ochoa or a girl who was  
standing by her side, could not be de­  
termined. The full blast of the shot  
went into the crowd of playing chil­  
dren, killing little seven-year-old Ma­  
tilda and so badly wounding little Mo­  
desto Quintero that he was rushed to the  
Yuma hospital. At first it was thought  
that he would die also, but the hospital  
announced late last night that it  
seemed that the little fellow would re­  
cover.—Sun.  

To Conduct Air Service  
NOGALES A joint stockholders and  
directors' meeting held last night by  
the International Air Service Corpora­  
tion completed the final organization  
of the company as a going institution  
to establish and maintain an airplane  
commercial mail, passenger and light  
express service between Nogales and  
all points along the west coast of Mex­  
ico and intermediate territory.  
The corporation is chartered in Ari­  
zona for $100,000 capital. The officers  
elected last night by the stockholders  
make the following permanent list:  
A. Harrison, president; Bracey Curtis,  
vice president; W. E. Karns, secretary;  
W. H. Florentine, treasurer. These of­  
ficers with the following compose the  
board of directors which has been in­  
creased from five to seven: T. W.  
Wylie, O. Larios and J. E. Achondo.  
The two latter are Nogales, Sonora,  
business men.  
The initial service will be given from  
Nogales to Hermosillo, Tepic, Culia­  
can, Guaymas and Guadalajara and in­  
termediate points where landing facili­  
ties will be available. By arrangement  
with the army officials, officers of the  
company today stated that they will  
use the 12th Aero Squadron flying field  
for landing their ships on this side of  
the line.—Herald.  

Plan Celebration  
DOUGLAS Plans for the Mexican  
day celebration, Sept. 16, were made  
yesterday at a joint meeting of com­  
mittees of Mexicans from both sides of  
the line.  
It was decided that all Mexican so­  
cieties on the American side would go  
to Agua Prieta and join in the Sept.  
16 celebration there, especially cele­  
brating the repatriation of Mexicans  
who long have been refugees in this  
country. "There are no longer any  
Mexican refugees," Mexican Consul A.  
Pesqueira said last night.  
In spite of contemplated protests of  
results of Sunday's municipal election  
in Agua Prieta, Pablo C. Gonzales, who  
received the highest number of votes,  
is expected formally to take office Sept.  
16.—Dispatch.  

Finley Appointed  
NOGALES Unofficial announce­  
ment is made of the appointment of  
James B. Finley of Tucson, stationed  
at Empalme, as general superintendent  
of the Southern Pacific of Mexico, suc­  
ceeding in this position H. J. Temple,  
whose death occurred some months ago.  
Mr. Finley is well known in Nogales  
and Santa Cruz county. He twice has  
served in the Arizona state senate and  
represented this section of the state  
prior to the establishing of Santa Cruz  
county as a separate unit. He has long  
been a resident of this part of the  
country and is well acquainted among  
business men of both Nogales. His ap­  
pointment is greeted with approval  
among the business interests of the  
border section.  
Speculation has been rife for some  
time as to who would be appointed to  
succeed Mr. Temple as general superin­  
tendent. Mr. Finley has held the po­  
sition of assistant general superintend­  
ent of the Espee de Mexico for years.  
His succession to the general superin­  
tendency is regarded as a deserved pro­  
motion.—Herald.  

Sell City Bonds  
TUCSON Municipal improvement  
bonds of $2,150,000, voted at the bond  
election several months ago, were  
awarded to the Bankers Trust com­  
pany of New York and the L. W.  
Compton company of St. Louis, Mo.,  
by the city council at a meeting last  
night. The bid was to act as fiscal  
agent in the selling of the bonds at  
par and accrued interest, with the com­  
panies receiving 3.83 per cent of par  
value as a fee.  
The bid was made in this way instead  
of by buying the bonds outright be­  
cause state laws did not permit bond  
companies to buy bonds under par.  
Conditions of the money market make  
bids for bonds at par inadvisable, so  
by acting as the fiscal agent and re­  
ceiving 3.83 per cent of par as a fee  
and advancing the city 96.17 on de­  
livery of the bonds without binding the  
city to stand responsible for the failure  
of the bonds, the city was able to ob­  
tain the money to go ahead with the  
improvement work.—Star.