THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 9, 1913.

PAGE NINE

L
Meetings! Meetings! Meetings!
Brings Out Plans for
Parade of Awful
Interest and Possibilities

A meeting of the parade committee of the Spring Festival and Admission Day subcommittee was held yesterday, presided over by K. P. Conaway and assignments were made subject to S.H.P. modifications on Monday.

PAGEANTRY

The mileage committee report was the historical pageant parade which is to be presented in Phoenix on Saturday. A continuation of a state history. The representatives of the orders and societies who were present promised to take the matter up immediately with their lodges and obtain an endorsement of the assignment and a pledge to do all that possible to make the parade a success.

The parade plans are complete and are carried to a final successful completion, a parade and pageant will be presented to Phoenix and all Arizona that will exceed in beauty, historical interest, and possibilities anything that has been given in the United States. It is proposed to have float divisions of the parade beginning from the earliest record of Arizona life on down through the ages until the year of 1913. The ancient life of Arizona will be portrayed, the passage of the ages, the coming of the Spanish conquerors, the coming of the French Canadian fathers, the American period, the pioneer, the Mexican period, the old-time cowmen, the old-time irrigation systems, and the prosperous and progressive Arizona.

The following first assignments were made yesterday. The Aztec period to the Spanish American lodge of Arizona; the French period to the Knights of Pythias; the Indians to the Indian school; the army of Conquistadors to the Knights of Pythias; the pioneers to the W.O.W.; the early cowboys section assigned to Marion McCann and Jack Gibbs to keep the order; the ores to the Odd Fellows; the hasayampas to the Hassayampas; the resources to the Klan; the cattle to the Moose.

The Globe Limited

Auto Travel De Luxe

Our service consists of five magnificent high power private touring cars, the finest cars in the State of Arizona.

6-Cylinder Pierce
6-Cylinder Oldsmobile
4-Cylinder Packard Demi-Limousine

We stop at the Roosevelt Dam three-quarters of an hour for lunch and three-quarters of an hour for sightseeing.

Leave Phoenix 8 a.m. Arrive Globe 12:30 p.m.
Leave Globe 3 p.m. Arrive Phoenix 4:30 p.m.

Autos call at the Adams, Kord and Commercial.

No charge for packages and parcels

Stops will be made at T.K.M., ALKSA, and KOOSKYKI DAM for passengers both ways

Fare from Phoenix to Globe
Fare from Phoenix to Roosevelt

Passengers to and from Phoenix desiring stop-overs at Roosevelt Dam can make connections the following morning

GILA VALLEY AUTO TRANSFER CO.
MAIN BOOKING OFFICE
Wesley S. Hill Garage, 22nd West Washington Street
H. D. THOMAS Proprietors D. HUNT

Lies Theater Jan. 10

SEAT SALE AT THE EMPRESS THEATER
MERLE H. NORTON
Announces (Proud of it too.)
Rida Johnson Young's "A laughing symposium to which amusement seekers are invited as to a feast." The Winnipeg Tribune.

THE

One Whole Year in one

LOTT

Positively the Greatest Cast Ever

MAN

Every magazine has told the story of this Most Genuine Comedy Success and Here it is.
Company and production direct from New York and Merle H. Norton's Personal guarantee is back of it
Play a sure thing take a chance with "Lizzie."

Prices: 50 Cents to $1.50

CURTAIN AT 8:15

OFFER TO REMIT

THEIR MILEAGE
Unique Question Arises on Floor of
California Assembly.

SACRAMENTO, Jan. 8. The Democrats opened with the report of the mileage committee. As S1, a the tax commission rendering the report. Assemblyman It. man moved an amendment striking his mileage and said he hoped his fellow members would follow his example.

Assemblyman's home is in Sacramento and a mileage of $1,000 will be saved. Several others followed his example and numerous proposals favoring the reduction of mileage were made. The administration of the state hospitals and other institutions exclusive of prisons, is in the course of preparation by Assemblyman J. M. Mouser of Los Angeles.

$3.00
$10.00

Theater in New York
Seen Outside of New York City
CARRIAGES AT 10:45

WILL THE CHIEF

THINK IT RIGHT?

(Question
What
is raised as to
Will be Opinion
of Marshal
"The Third
Moore on
Decree V
Problem
This is the night of "The Third Decree" the police problem play at the Kline theater. And this is the night when, for the first time in the history of Phoenix, the head of the local police department will act in the capacity of critic for any newspaper. Chief of Police A. J. Moore, better fitted to pass judgment upon a play of this character than any other individual in this city by virtue of his long experience in the detection and suppression of crime, has a task cut out for him that should be entirely to his liking and incidentally will assure the public of being given a straightforward, unbiased opinion of the problem in hand and the company presenting the attraction.

It is unnecessary to go into the plot of "The Third Decree" to create interest among the theater-going people of Phoenix. In a general way everybody who reads knows that "The Third Decree" is built around just such incidents as resulted in the Biglin murder case in New York City and brought about one of the biggest exposes of modern police methods in modern history. It is a play that was denounced by one element and praised by another during its long run in Chicago, and it brought a scathing rebuke from a Wisconsin police captain. Still, it appeals to the people who believe in justice civil to the criminal without subscribing to the theory that he should go unpunished when he has actually committed wrong.

There cannot fail to be interest among the leaders of the Republican party in what Chief Moore may have to say on Friday morning regarding his conception of the ethics of the practices presented in the course of a theatrical production. Would it do for such practices to obtain in the Phoenix police department? Does Chief Moore believe that such practices should be allowed to exist in the metropolitan police department? Does Chief Moore believe they really do exist or ever did exist? Read The Republican tomorrow morning and see. Incidentally see "The Third Decree" and see just how nearly your own views and those of Chief Moore coincide.

SOON TO HELD

Balkan Delegates Have Confidence That the City
Will Capitulate to Siege;
lug Force or to Pressure
of Powers

ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH
LONDON, Jan. 8. Whether Adrianople will capitulate to the siege force or yield because of the pressure brought to bear by the powers is the question which occupies alike the peace tick-takers and the ambassadorial conference.

The Balkan delegates have confidence that Adrianople will yield to one pressure or another within a few days. The ambassadorial conference is making time in the hope that the Adrianople difficulty will solve itself to make interference by the powers unnecessary. The conference is also impressed by an agreement that any decision for interference must be unanimous. Should Adrianople hold out and peace conference be suspended, it may become imperative for Europe to intervene to preserve her prestige enabling her to dictate the creation of an autonomous Albania and partitioning of the Aegean Islands.

It is suggested that Adrianople must be ceded to the powers who would transfer it to the allies after permitting the Turks to depart with honors and guaranteeing the religious and property rights of the Turks.

Some more radical delegacies of the allies are holding that Europe should complete her work in expelling Turkey by making Constantinople an autonomous city under European control and outline a system to give a real civilized government to Asia Minor.

PARIS, Jan. 8. It was learned here today that the great powers have practically reached an agreement to advise Turkey to recede from her position on the question of Adrianople, but the powers are not in harmony concerning the disposition of the Aegean Islands.

The triple entente of Great Britain, France and Russia is inclined to back the desire of the allies for the cession of the islands to Greece, but the triple alliance of Germany, Austria and Italy, favors leaving to Turkey the islands near the Turkish coast, particularly those close to the Dardanelles. Difficulty is experienced in the settlement of the partition of Albania as Austria shows no disposition to modify her attitude. Austria is anxious to include Scutari within the limits of the new Albania. It is understood the powers will make no representations to the Porte before the end of the week.

IS ADRIANOPLE

THE STATE TAX
COMMISSION'S
FIRST REPORT

Detailed and
Statement of
Interesting
Operations
of Tax Commission Dur
ing Interim Sent to
Governor Hunt Yesterday

RECOMMENDATIONS
OF REVISION OF LAWS
Asks for Law Giving Power
Over Local Boards of
Equalization, Tax Limit
Law and Power to Assess
Railroads

The state tax commission of Arizona submitted to the governor yesterday its first annual report. This report has been printed and bound for general information. It is lengthy, detailed, and interesting, and covers the operations of the first tax commission the state has had from the period of its appointment and organization May last until the close of the year's business in 1912.

The tables within the report and the work that was done to make the assessed valuation of the state of Arizona as great as it was together with the meetings of the commission with assessors and mining men are given in great detail. A stenographic report of the actions of the tax conference between the commission and the mining men is given as well as a complete copy of the law proposed by the mining men of the state themselves and submitted to the commission for their approval.

The report is chiefly noticeable however for the recommendations of the commission as contained in the conclusion of the report and which are printed below in full. The following interesting excerpts were taken from the report which was released for publication yesterday at noon after it had been handed to Governor Hunt.

"To the Governor of Arizona:

"While Section 14, Chapter 39, Regular Session, Laws only contemplates a biennial report, the tax commission deems it but wise and expedient, in anticipation of another special session of the present legislature, to report its findings of the tax laws as they now are, and recommend such changes as it, in the limited time since its appointment and organization, have found to be weak, ineffectual, conflicting and inadequate, with the hope that they will be so amended that this commission will not be hampered in performing its duty to the state, with a set of laws that were written years ago while in territory, but which are not considered adequate, now that we have assumed the powers and duties of a state.

"When the tax commission was appointed, the taxing season was almost over, most of the assessments had been made, by the assessors and but five weeks remained to the commission in which to take such steps as would produce an equitable assessment on all classes of property, including patented producing mines, which latter class of property heretofore had been assessed on 10 per cent of their gross bullion production.

From all sources of information at hand, from experiences gained during its incumbency in office and also because of the lack of time it has had to apply to the problems confronting it, the commission finds and recommends as follows:

"First: A re-draft of the revenue laws of the state, a bill for which accompanies this report.

"Second: That it be given powers over local boards of equalization; powers to equalize between classes of sleeping car and private car companies without specific restrictions of law, or with a law similar to the Minnesota law; and powers to assess railroads, telephone and telegraph lines; a bill for which accompanies this report.

"Third: A small, special tax on monies and credits, a bill for which accompanies this report.

"Fourth: A tax limit law.

"Fifth: The true consideration in deeds.

"It finds:

"FIRST: It is unable at this time to submit its conclusions on the questions of mine taxation and taxation of standing timber, but will do so in a special report.

"Second: It is necessary to classify farm lands and railroad and other grant lands.

"Third: That railroads and other properties assessed on a mileage basis are not paying the same proportion of municipal taxation as other classes of property.

"Fourth: That the income tax in Wisconsin is being thoroughly tested and that Arizona will do well to await the outcome of the trial in that state before trying it.

Respectfully submitted.
P. J. MILLER.
C. M. ZANDER.
CLAS. U. BOWIE,
Commissioners."

NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING.

The annual meeting of the stockholders of The Phoenix National Bank will be held at its office in the city of Phoenix, on Tuesday, January 14, 1913, at three o'clock p.m., for the purpose of electing Directors for the ensuing year and for transacting any other business that may properly come before the meeting.

H. Di MARSHALL, JP,
Cashier.

Hire a little
publican office,
more customers:
salesman at The Ue
A Want Ad will see
more than you em.

WAR COLLEGE

ON NEW PLAN

At Meeting of Officers
Proposed to Abolish
Departments and Reorganize
United States Army on
Startling New Plan

ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8. Gathered at the war department today by special order of Secretary Stimson, were most of the army officers in the actual general command, for a conference which is expected to have important results in shaping the future organization of the army.

The movement began last summer, when after years of bar work the war college evolved an elaborate scheme for a reorganization. The commanding generals met today after a careful study of the report, to frame drafts of bills and outline executive orders. The conference was called to order by Secretary Stimson, who in a few words explained his reasons for desiring the officers to gather in Washington while congress is in session and matters of army legislation still pending. No attempt was made at today's session to discuss the complex program for reorganization prepared by the war college but this will follow subsequent meetings to be held at the war college beginning tomorrow.

The plan contemplates the abolition of the present army departments and the creation of brigades as units in different parts of the country, all so arranged and proportioned in respect to the various arms of the service as to be capable of concentration at a moment's notice into regular army corps.

The sponsors for the plan of reorganization appreciate the fact that it cannot be carried out except in the face of much opposition. If the departments are abolished it will mean the passing also of a great many small posts throughout the country, a move that would certainly draw forth bitter opposition of many senators and representatives of states and localities in which army posts are located.

Brigadier General William Crozier as president of the war college was first invited to address the meeting. He outlined the radical change which is proposed to be made in the existing organization of the army. The purpose he said, is to maintain a military establishment hereafter on a war basis not in the matter of the number of troops but in arrangements and commands as if the creation of fact units will be at a moment's notice to meet any danger.

This instead of the present system whereby the War department is handicapped by the present system under which the infantry finds itself with a number of regiments at one point, several regiments of cavalry at another point, and a number of sea coast defenses to take care of and little or no field artillery. One brigadier general will be placed in charge of the complete brigade with a proper complement in each branch of the service which would be capable of speedy concentration and utilization as a brigade when required.

TARIFF REDUCTION
AGAIN DISCUSSED

Glassware Schedule of Payne-Aldrich Law Considered.

ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8. Talk of trusts of domestic and foreign varieties, of low wages and industries abroad that enabled strong foreign competition with American enterprises and of capital's great stake in the tariff tinkering was enlisted at a hearing on the earthenware and glassware schedule of the Payne-Aldrich law before the house committee on ways and means today.

The first of the two day's arguments on the second schedule on the existing law brought out a declaration from Chairman Underwood of the committee and democratic leader of the house, that he is satisfied with the showing made in the keenly competitive conditions of the pottery industry and accepted it as an assurance that they should leave undisturbed the pottery tariff.

All representatives of the different window glass, stained glass window, and plate glass interests denied the existence of any trust in their particular businesses. But running through most of the testimony were references to trusts abroad in various lines and the constant specter that stalked the customs border lines threatening to invade the country if the tariff bars are let down. Former Governor W. A. Stone of Pennsylvania insisted that the National Window Glass association depended in price making solely on the supply and demand and that a reduction of the tariff would be followed by a reduction in wages or the suspension of operations.

There had been no attempt by the window glass companies to regulate the prices since the successful government prosecution five years ago.

SURVEY REPORTS IN DEMAND.

That the geological survey is not among the bureaus mentioned by the Public Printer as issuing publications faster than they can be distributed is indicated by the following extract from the director's annual report: "The work done by the Survey finds public expression chiefly through its printed reports and maps, which are published in editions adapted to meet the demand. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 1912 the number of reports printed 1,473,500 corresponded very closely to the number distributed 1,457,537. The reports are sent out only on application."

El

V
f 7

J.P. W. Smokeless

and all during the cold Fall and Winter months his house is kept warm and cozy for his wife and babies.
A Perfection Oil Heater is almost indispensable when there are children in the home. Every home has uses for it.
Made with nickel trimming or plain ornaments, four drum. Ornamental. Inexpensive. Light for carrying from room to room. At dealers very where.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(California)
Los Angeles San Francisco

MONOPOLY OF SEA
TRADE BY TRUST

Shipping
Control.
Combination
Economic With
Stronger
Grasp Than Any
Legal
Combination
To
Save With-
Lesses
Million
ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8. Testimony about the "shipping combination" that controlled the commerce of the seas with a stronger grasp than any combination that ever existed in the trade between the states was represented today to the house merchant marine committee when shippers told of being at the mercy of the combination.

A former operator of one of the steamship lines called the combination a pool. W. E. Douglas, of New York, of the Douglas Steamship Line, declared that the combination and its managers in London were able thereby to direct the course of trade at will.

Allerton D. Hitch, secretary-treasurer of the Hagenmeyer Trading Company of New York trading with Brazil declared that the only independent line to South America was the Lloyd Brazilian line and that while the firm used it to an extent the steamers are slow and the officers governmental appointees and not trained to the desires of the trade.

John C. Seager, a former representative of the conference line testified that for several years he was agent of the New York Prince line. He said his lines were the President, Hamburg, South America and Lamport combination. "When did the combination start?" inquired Representative Alexander, chairman of the committee.

"About 1900 or 1901," was the reply.

The witness explained the combination system of deferred rebates and pooled freight and commissions. "You mean it pooled the profits?" inquired Representative Humphreys. "Yes sir," Seager replied.

"We frequently got instructions put on a 'fighting boat' with rates so low as to drive the competitor out of business. The class on this was divided pro rata among the lines." Seager also said a gentlemen's agreement existed by which both lines are given trade into the territory between the Pernambuco and the Amazon and the conference lines, the territory south of Pernambuco.

"The policy was 'you must not play in my yard and I won't in yours,' but if you do we will bring down the family and break up your yard'." Seager said his connection with the Prince line terminated about 1908 when the district attorney of New York began an investigation of the methods of the steamship lines. He further declared that many regular attorneys had advised the methods were in violation of law and even Senator Root and Secretary of State Knox then both in private practice gave him that advice.

ELKS' THEATER

A. H. REEVES, Mgr.

BY
CHARLES KLEIN
AUTHOR OF
THE LION AND THE MOUSE
THE GAMBLERS
MAGGIE PEPPER, etc.

Modern
Baby
Bunting
Daddy doesn't go out
to hunt for rabbit skins
to keep the baby warm.
He is less romantic,
but more practical.
He buys a

BETWEEN TWO "COPS."

The Magistrate: What brought you to this?
The Prisoner: Two coppers.
The Magistrate: Drink, I suppose?
The Prisoner: Yes, both of them.

Sketch.

NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.

01521
Department of the Interior, United States Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona. December 17th, 1912.

NOTICE is hereby given that James Creager, of Scottsdale, Arizona, who, on September 2nd, 1912, made Homestead entry, No. 01313, for SEU Sec. 22, Township 3 N., Range 4 E., G. & S. R. Meridian, has filed notice of intention to make Commutation Proof, to establish claim to the land above described, before The Register and Receiver, U.S. Land Office, at Phoenix, Arizona, on the 22nd day of January, 1913.

Claimant names as witnesses: James Helm, Jas. McClure, Clarence Rasshum, Isaac Holmes, all of Scottsdale, Arizona.

FRANK H. PARKER,
Register.

NOTICE TO CREDITORS.

Estate of K. Urasaki, deceased.

Notice is hereby given by the undersigned administrator of the Estate of K. Urasaki, deceased, to the creditors of and all persons having claims against the said deceased, to exhibit them, with the necessary vouchers, within four months after the first publication of this notice to the said administrator at 324 Adams St., Phoenix, Arizona, the same being the place for the transaction of the business of said estate in said County of Maricopa.

A. H. NICHELLAN,
Administrator of the Estate of K. Urasaki, deceased.

Dated this 23rd day of Dec. A.D. 1912.

Presented by the
UNITED PLAY CO.,
(Inc.)
Prices 50c, $1.00, $1.50, $2.00. Seat
Sale Begins Monday
10 a.m., January 13,
at the Empress Theater.

JAN.