THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, FRIDAY MORNING, MAY 30, 1904.

-so.

; -

t 111 7J7lr 0 OMAllt 1 T-CT-- EiX?.$F it

'Iff 4

f

A Cordial Invitation to Every Sick and Ailing Working Girl.
It is to these girls that Mrs. Pinkham holds out a helping hand, and extends a cordial invitation
to correspond with her. Her long record of success in treating woman's ills makes her letters of
advice of untold value to every ailing working girl, and from her wide experience and skill she quickly
points the way to health. Her advice is free, and all letters are held by her in the strictest confidence.
Address, Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass. Don't put off writing her until your health is wrecked.
Girls who work are particularly susceptible to female ills, especially when obliged to stand on their feet from
morning until night. Day in and day out, month in and month out, the year through, the working girl
toils; she is often the bread winner of the family, and must work that others may live; whether she is sick
or well, whether it rains or shines, whether it is warm or cold she must get to her place of employment and
perform the duties exacted from her. . . .
Among this class the symptoms of female diseases are early manifested by weak and aching backs, pain in the
lower limbs and lower part of the stomach; in consequence of frequent wetting of the feet monthly periods
become painful and irregular, and frequently there are faint and dizzy spells with loss of appetite, until
life is a burden and it is hard work to drag about. All these symptoms point to a derangement of the
female organism, and if taken in time can be easily and permanently cured.

Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.

Grateful Words from Working Girls Who Have Been Helped.

I wish to thank you for the wonderful cure you have discovered

for suffering girls. I am a working girl and do not believe there
is a girl of my age in the country who has suffered more than I
have with female disorders.
"Although ever so many physicians with their various remedies
were tried, nothing seemed to relieve me of the terrible pains, and
it seemed as though there was no help for me, until I was finally
persuaded to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
"It worked like magic, for I had scarcely finished the second
bottle when a great change was noticed in my whole general
health, and in the three months' time I felt like a new person."
Miss M. E. Pauusos, 814 Willow Ave., Hoboken, N.J.

"Seeing so many women and girls being helped by your medicine I thought I would try it. I was very irregular in regard to
menstruation, and had had no menses for four months.
"I obtained a bottle of your medicine just to see if I could cure
myself without going to a doctor. One bottle gave me great relief,
and now I am a different girl altogether.

"I will never be without Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, as I know I would not be working to-day if I had
not used your medicine." Miss Laura Riess, Standard Tea &
Grocery Co., 700 Mass. Avenue, Indianapolis, Ind.

Wise is the woman who has faith in
LYDIA E. PINKHAM'S VEGETABLE COMPOUND,

WEEKLY CROP BULLETIN.

For the Week Ending May 16, 1904.
The weather conditions of the past
week were more favorable for agricul
tural and stock interests than any
which prevailed for several months
previously. Temperatures were gen
erally moderately high, and local show
ers, varying from very light to heavy,
occurred over most of the territory.
As a rule the heaviest rains occurred
in Pinal, Gila and southern Apache and Navajo counties and in the south
part of the territory, but good rains reported from other sections.
The flow of water in streams has been
increased considerably. The rise in
the Santa Cruz river was sufficient to cause some damage to crops of bottom lands along that river.
The rainfall in Maricopa county was light, but rains in the mountains caused a large increase in the flow of irrigation water.
This increase was only temporary, however, and the flow is rapidly diminishing. Under
the favorable conditions which have
prevailed, crop prospects have improved
especially, and there has been a
revival of activity in farming
especially in those sections; the rainfall was greatest. Garden and potato planting and seeding of
small grain are in progress in the
irrigated districts. Alfalfa, and small
grain that is up, have improved in
these districts. In the warmer sec
tions grain was too far advanced to be
injured materially. Alfalfa cutting
is going on in some sections, with a
light yield. There will generally be
no second crop cut in Maricopa county.
Corn and sorghum planting is in pro
gress. Gardens are improving. The
fruit prospects are generally not good.
In the lower Colorado valley crops are
in very fine condition, and considerable
quantities of farm produce are being
marketed. The supply of stock water
has increased and the rains have start
ed the growth of grass on ranges. Cat
tle have already shown improvement
under the favorable conditions. The
rains, however, being generally of a
local nature failed to reach some local
ities. In these sections the condition
of cattle continues very poor and there
is still some loss by death.

EXTRACTS FROM REPORTS OF
CORRESPONDENTS.

APACHE COUNTY.
Alpine The unfavorable conditions
of weather continue unchanged. H. R.
Burk.
Eagar Weather getting warmer;
good shower of rain on 11th; alfalfa
growing nicely, and small grain look
ing better; only a little gardening done
yet. C. S. DeWitt.

Greer Early part of week pleasant
days with cold nights; good shower of
rain on 10th and 11th, which was very
much needed. Ellis W. Wiltbank.
Pinto Fine weather for part of week;
light showers on Thursday and Saturday; garden truck growing; range
in fair condition; grass growing rapid
ly. A. E. Henning.
Springerville Weather much warmer; early part of week pleasant days with cold nights; good shower of rain on 11th and
12th; light snows and rains of last week together with warmer nights
have made the outlook for crops more favorable; no planting has been
done yet, however. C. B. Trammell.

No woman's happiness can be complete
without children; it is her nature to love
them as much as it is to love the
beautiful and pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother must
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
that the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. This
great safe wonderful remedy is always applied externally, and
has carried thousands of women through
the trying crisis without suffering.

The United Register Co., Atlanta, Ga.

H every
grades,
a two-p-

taste for

Sold on Merit

The following is an excerpt
from a letter addressed to us.

My roast coffee trade is growing
day by day, especially on the better
class; for whenever my customers use
the round tin of Golden Gate their
coffee is perfection.

Golden Gate
is coffee perfection.
High grade grocers sell it.
Sold in 2 lb. aroma-tight tins.
J. A. Folder & Co.,
importer and roaster of
Fine Coffee.

showers on 11th wet the ground to a
depth of one to two inches; water in
canals; some more wheat has been put
in; wheat that is up is looking well; al
falfa beginning to grow and looking
well. C. B. Trammell.
COCHISE COUNTY.
Poot The weather has been very
cloudy and windy, with a good shower
in the valley on the 10th and heavy
rains in the mountains; abundance of
water in the river; grain crops doing
very well; hay harvesting in progress;
garden stuff has started to grow and is
looking fine; good rain on 13th. J. J.
Pool.
COCONINO COUNTY.
Flagstaff Cloudy to partly cloudy
days and clear nights the past week; a
few light showers, not enough to do any
good; seeding progressing briskly, and
the ground is in good order; the range
is improving fast, and stock of all kinds
is doing well. Chas. C. Moers.
GILA COUNTY.
Black Warrior Unusually high
southeast wind on the 9th; light local
showers in the afternoons of the 10th
and 11th, and a heavy local rain with
some hail on the 13th; conditions look
promising for planting sorghum and
corn for feed. John Wogg.
San Carlos Much thunder and wind
each afternoon, and a few very light
showers; rain in Gila valley above San
Carlos, up the San Carlos and on sur
rounding mountains; crops looking
well; spring barley heading out; cotton
growing nicely. Stephen B. Weeks.
GRAHAM COUNTY.
Matthews Week more or less
cloudy; three or four light sprinkles;
high winds; crop doing fairly well;
stock doing somewhat better; plenty of
mesquite browse; bees swarming and
making some honey; garden stuff and
potatoes progressing slowly; week
warm and sultry; water diminishing.
John S. Waddill.
Safford Previous unfavorable wea
ther conditions continue; clouds threat
en rain; cutting first crop of hay well
under way; small acreage being planted
to corn; grain crops very light; bees
doing well on mesquite bloom. W. E.
Glasscock.
Solomonsville Daily showers over
stock ranges; alfalfa cutting in pro
gress; average yield estimated at one
and one-half tons per acre; wheat
which was not injured by frosts look
ing well. E. G. Kinyon.
MARICOPA COUNTY:
Alhambra Hot dry weather and lack
of irrigation water maturing grain and
alfalfa before they have opportunity to
make growth; melons growing slowly;
crop of apricots very small; first crop
of hay very light. Elliott Evans.

Mesa The weather has been exceed-
ingly threatening, but so far there has
been only a sprinkle of rain, and farm
ing and ground conditions are as last
week, with ground considerably more
dried out because of the high winds
which prevailed during the week; slight
rise reported in river, but not enough to
change former conditions to any extent;
some grain being cut, but yield will be
small. C. L. Diehl.
Peoria Have had plenty of dark,
threatening weather, but no rain; apri
cots are ripe, but crop is light and fruit
small; cattle and sheep in good condi
tion for the market; pastures pretty
good, but outlook for second crop of
alfalfa not bright. C. E. Kimmel.

Phoenix Weather very warm; high,
hot winds detrimental to alfalfa,
filling very poorly; no second crop of
hay. J. E. Orme.
NAVAJO COUNTY.
Polacca Light snows and rain of
last week together with warmer nights
and less wind, have made the outlook
for crops more favorable; no planting
has been done yet, however. C. W.
Higham.

Show Low The past week has been
very warm, with fine growing weather;
rain is badly needed; some stock are
getting very poor; crops looking fine;
garden truck looking well; some fruit
still on trees; corn, bean and potato
planting going on. C. H. Frost.
Snowflake The weather has been
beautiful during the past week; a light
rain fell Tuesday; crops are looking
fairly good; corn and potato planting
have begun; all fruit is killed. T. W.
Tapner.
PIMA COUNTY.
Helvetia On the 10th we had a fine
shower, with thunder and lightning;
have had some clouds nearly every day.
J. B. Anderson.
Tucson Total rainfall during week .47 inch: the rain seems to be general;
water in the Rillito on the 9th and 10th;
the rain has benefitted the ranges and
crops. E. L. Whitmore.
PINAL COUNTY.
Dudleyville Cloudy on the 9th, 10th
and 11th, with light showers; it rained
enough to put water in the river, and
refreshed everything. Geo. T. Cook.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
Lochiel At last the drouth is broken;
on the 9th we had some light local
showers; on the 10th the rain com
menced at one p. m. and continued
without a break until after eleven p.
m.; this was accompanied by hail,
which with the high water did some
damage to crops along the Santa Cruz
river; local showers have followed
every day; cattle prospects are much
improved. James B. Mix.
YAVAPAI COUNTY.
Cornville Crops doing finely; warm
days; light rains in valley; heavy rains
in mountains, making abundant stock
water. S. C. Dickinson.
Gilbert Range stock in very good
condition; several light showers dur
ing the week, but not enough as yet to
do the range much good; water in
wells continues undiminished; plenty
of water in river and mountains for all
purposes. W. J. Gilbert.
Jersey Weather warm and favorable;
had several nice showers which will
start the grass on the range. Fred J.
Smith.
Prescott Rainfall during week .60
inch; plowing for sorghum and corn in
progress; general outlook more favor
able; grass on ranges starting under
the reviving influence of moisture;
heavy rain accompanied hail and cut
leaves from trees. Warren E. Day. M.
D.

Walnut Grove The past week was
warm and cloudy; light shower of rain
on the 13th, but not enough to do any
good; stock still dying. J. O. Carter.
YUMA COUNTY.
Somerton General weather condi
tions excellent for growing crops; there
is an abundance of irrigation water in
the canals; fall sown barley and wheat
being cut; crop excellent; second crop
of alfalfa now ready for harvest; some
of it being cut. A. E. Baldwin.
Yuma Water supply, weather and
sun are in perfect harmony for the very
best results; every kind of farm and
garden produce making astonishing
growth; some fields from which early
barley has been taken are being plowed
for melons or Kaffir corn. M. Winsor.
Yuma Barley is being harvested;
second crop of alfalfa ready to cut; all
crops looking well; shipments of apri
cots, squash and cucumbers made;
cloudy and a little rain Wednesday;
river rising; plenty of water in canals.
W. H. Elliott.

PINAL COUNTY MINES.

And Progress of the Oil Boom on the
Upper Gila.
In its latest issue the Arizona Blade
of Florence says: Messrs. Barker and
Twitchell paid the Rogers district a
visit last week and brought back with
them some samples of rich lead silver
ore which assay several hundred ounces
silver.
Wm. Beard returned from Globe
Wednesday. He went to Globe to meet
the eastern capitalists who hold a bond
on his Gila county mining property.
They made $10,000 payment on the pro
perty a year ago and will pay another
$10,000 on the 15th of this month and
$25,000 the last of June, and the final
payment of $25,000 in November. A
force of men will be employed at once
to continue the development work and
as soon as the mine can be equipped
with proper machinery the working
force will be largely increased.
Louis Graham, who is at work on the
Beard, Troxel, Graham and Cansler
properties at Mineral Hill, informs us
that the new shaft, started two weeks
ago, had reached a depth of 25 feet and
is yielding fine ore. These are the
properties taken up recently by the
Oklahoma Mining company. Lou
Graham, the Troxel boys and George
Cansler are now engaged in taking out
two carloads of ore for the company,
which will be shipped to El Paso for
treatment. In the meantime work will
be continued on the group without in
terruption till the mammoth veins upon
which the claims are located shall have
been thoroughly prospected.
Thomas Rutledge was a welcome vis
itor at the Blade sanctum this week.
He came down from the camp of the
Gila Monster Copper company, which
is situated on the south side of the
Gila river, about 20 miles east of Flor
ence. He is largely interested in the
company, having discovered and locat
ed the claims they are developing. He
has been at work on the claims for a
year past and has shown some attract
ive ore bodies. The Phoenix & East
ern railroad passes within two miles
of the property. Tucson capitalists
organized the company and hold a large
share of the stock. Active develop
ment work will be commenced soon and
be pushed rapidly.
Five carloads of crude oil for the
Superior Mining company are due at
the Florence depot today. The com
pany's thirty-thousand gallon storage
tank, at the Florence depot, is all com
pleted and ready for use. The Florence
Commercial company has contracted to haul oil from Florence to
Superior.
Parties down from Kelvin report that
the tunnel on the McSherry property
has cross-cut a gold vein two feet in
width. The ore has not been assayed
yet, but the miners believe it is high
grade. Before completed to the point
it was designed to reach, this tunnel
will cross-cut several more veins that
are liable to make our old friend Mc
Sherry and the Nebraska gentlemen in
terested with him in the property bon
anza kings.
The receipt of location notices at the
recorder's office this week, from the
Mammoth oil fields, made the recorder
feel like taking to the woods. They ar
rive in bundles. If there is now a strip
of unlocated land within twenty miles
of Mammoth it must be hung up on the
side of some peak the oil locator could
not climb.
I. M. Parker and wife returned from
their vacation in Los Angeles, Satur
day, and left immediately for Oil City,
in Hackberry wash. Mr. Parker com
menced Monday the work of inserting
the new casing in the Pinal Paraffine
Oil company's well and expects to have
all the casing in by next Monday, and
then drilling will be resumed. As the
shale at the bottom of the well is very
soft it will not take many days' drilling
to determine whether or not this well
is to be a producer or a "duster."

WONDERFUL ECHO IN THE PYRENEES.

An ordinary echo is a curious thing;
but, according to the statements of a
Frenchman at a watering place in the
Pyrenees, one echo on the Franco-
Spanish frontier is so far from ordinary
that it must have started in America.
"As soon as you have spoken," said
the Frenchman, who had secured an
audience of wide-eyed tourists, "you
hear distinctly the voice leap from rock
to rock, from precipice to precipice, and
soon as it has passed the frontier it
assumes the Spanish tongue! But yet,
I have heard it often." Youth's Companion.

The man who tells a sickly man he
is looking badly will tell a thin woman
she is growing thinner, and a fat wo
man she is looking thinner. Arizona Globe.

How to Judge
Beer

Impossible to find it in most
bottled beers, because their
preservation is gained through
chemical adulteration.

Bottled beers, as well as food products, are often adul
terated with chemical preservatives, etc., which for awhile
keep them from souring, but are injurious to the stomach.
A. B. C. BEER is guaranteed to be absolutely pure and
free from any adulterant whatever. It is never exposed to
the air (which is germ-laden) but is brewed, fermented and
aged for eight months in air-tight compartments, then piped in
tin-lined pipes direct to the air-tight bottling machines, where
it is bottled, sealed, pasteurized and packed for shipment.

A. B. C.

The only beer bottled exclusively at the Brewery,
therefore the only bottled beer that can be absolutely guaranteed.
The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A.

MELCZER BROS. CO.
WHOLESALE DEALERS.

U

JllllL

FOLLOW THE FLAG.

Wabash Niagara Falls Short Line
Weekly tourist car Santa Fe to St. Paul; weekly tourist
car Southern Pacific to St. Louis. The only line passing
and landing passengers at main entrance to the World's
Fair at St. Louis. - - -
ROSS C. CLINE, P. C. P. Agt, Los Angeles.

The Shortest Route
To the World's Fair at St. Louis is
The Southern Pacific
It is 133 miles the shortest line. This is an item worth considering
in making a long journey; besides the Southern Pacific offers you a
choice of four different ways of going. If you contemplate a trip to
the Exposition it will pay you to call at the Southern Pacific office
and secure full information as to rates, routes, etc.

ONE NIGHT ONLY
From Phoenix to the Cool Sea Breezes
of the Pacific, leaving Phoenix at 7:30 one evening you are in Los
Angeles at noon the next day, crossing the desert at night. Round
trip tickets to California coast points including San Diego, Coronado
Beach and Catalina are on sale at greatly reduced rates Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Saturdays of each week. For full information concern
ing rates and routes both to the coast and to the Exposition call or ad
dress Mr. P. BICKNELL, Agent.