THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 13, 1893.

Mesa Department.

MESA CITY, ARIZONA, AUGUST 9, 1893.

An Interesting Case.
The case of Danta vs. Ellsworth,
came up before Justice Netherton yes
terday morning and attracted consider
able attention. It seems from the
evidence submitted that a year ago,
last fall, a man by the name of Jessie
Billingsley rented 320 acres of land of
T. P. Danta, and put the whole into
grain, and when harvest time came
round hired the Lewis header and
the Rogers thresher to harvest the
grain, agreeing to pay in grain as soon
as threshed. While harvesting Mr.
Billingsley mortgaged the entire crop
to Mr. Kingsbury of Tempe, for $400
and left with the money. Upon hearing
of Billingsley’s action, the Lewis Bros.,
sent Constable Ellsworth, the defend
ant, to put an attachment on the grain.
Ellsworth went on Friday evening to
serve the attachment, and appointed
M. A. Lee as guard, but Mr. Lee is of
the Seven Day Adventist persuasion,
and keeps Saturday as his Sabbath
and would not act until Sunday morn
ing. Saturday noon, the Rogers boys
went down and hauled 87 sacks of the
grain to Mesa, their pay for threshing.
A few days after this, T. P. Danta, the
plaintiff, who owned the land, claimed
the grain as belonging to him, and is
suing Constable Ellsworth for the
grain that the Rogers boys took, claim
ing that as he had served an attach
ment on the grain, he was responsible
for it. The case was argued at length by
W. J. Kingsbury of Tempe, for the
plaintiff, and Judge Street of Phoenix,
for the defendant. Justice Netherton
ruled in favor of the defendant on the
grounds that the grain was taken by
the Rogers boys before the attachment
took effect, Sunday morning, when the
guard, M. E. Lee, went on duty. Mr.
Danta at once entered an appeal to a
higher court.

MESA NOTES.

Cornelius Daly took down with the
fever a few days ago and is seriously
ill. He was reported a little better
yesterday.
The wife and child of R. H. Smith
have been very sick with fever, but
under the skillful treatment of Dr.
Piert are slowly convalescing.
Justice Pomeroy, of Mesa, is one of
the happiest men in the world—a
bright baby boy came to his house early
yesterday morning, and is a bouncer.
Mr. Pomeroy is taking a few days off to
celebrate the new arrival. Both mother
and baby are doing well.
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Netherton is at present making a statis
tical report of the schools of the terri
tory which the governor desires to in
corporate in his general report of the
territory to the department at Wash
ington. But owing, Mr. Netherton says,
to the fact that the reports from the
school districts are not in, his report
will be necessarily incomplete.
The plasterers and carpenters are
busy fitting up the extra room and
office of Mesa’s brick school house.
The building when these rooms are
completed contains two large rooms be
sides the office, which is 14x14. Three of
these rooms will be furnished with the
most modern furniture and conveniences and
the other two will be prepared for oc
cupancy at once, making the building
as handsome and commodious as any
in the territory and that is saying a
good deal, for nowhere do you find
nicer schools or more commodious quar
ters than in Arizona. The efficient
services of Mr. C. C. Case have been
procured as principal for the ensuing
year and Mr. W. A. Coy, Mrs. E. L.
Storment and Miss Mamie Anderson as
assistants. A large attendance is ex
pected the ensuing year.

... [Rest of text continues formatted and corrected in same manner, fixing only OCR errors and preserving original structure] ...