THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: SATURDAY MORNING, AUGUST 10, 1901.

Money Saving Groceries
If you are going to Los Angeles this summer it will pay
you to buy your Groceries at Jevne's in Los Angeles. Buy
enough to last six months or a year. We also fill mail orders
carefully. Send for free catalog.
Smoke Jevne's Fine Cigars

208-210 S. Spring St.

“The Busy
Corner”
LOS ANGELES

Mail Your
Orders...
We guarantee satisfaction on all mail order
transactions. We allow no substitution. If we
haven’t just the article you send for we tell you
of it plainly. Misrepresentation is not coun
tenanced in our business. Your orders will be
filled the day they are received—and we can make
you a handsome saving on every item that you
purchase.
52 INCH UNBLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 25c
58 inch unbleached table damask, 35c
58 INCH BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK.....42½c
40 INCH CHECKED GRASS CLOTH 7½c
18 INCH BLEACHED CRASH 10c
52 INCH RED TABLE DAMASK 17½c
Order samples of any of the above. We’re al
ways glad to send samples. If you haven’t one
of our catalogues send for one today.

We Sell Everything

Staub's Shoes
for
Arizona People
Buy your Shoes when you get
to Los Angeles of Staub. You
will get an assortment there
second to none. The very latest
styles, and new ones, shown
every day. The very best shoe
making, and prices always rea
sonable. Mail orders are given special
attention. When you want a
shoe novelty send to the
C. M. STAUB SHOE CO.
255 SO. BROADWAY.
Los Angeles, Cal.

NOTE AND COMMENT
From half a dozen states simultan
eously come complaints of a plague of
false swearing in the courts. But
perhaps the president of the Iowa Bar
association goes rather too far when he
asserts that “the average witness has
no regard for the oath.”
The three Fagan boys, Clinton, Ed
ward and Ralph, have been selling
newspapers in Pittsburg and giving
the money to their widowed mother.
Wednesday they got a letter from a
lawyer at Altoona, informing them
that Patrick Fagan, their rich uncle
in Ireland, is dead, and that under his
will they inherit $50,000.
Last Saturday a gang of tree chop
pers left Pittsburg for Sinnemahoning.
Tuesday they returned. They explained
that the rattlesnakes were too many
and “sassy” for them. The first day
they killed nineteen, and the second
day the snakes kept them so busy that
they lost their count. One of them,
R. L. Crutch, was bitten.
At Mott Haven (near Scranton),
Tuesday night, Mrs. Josephine Mott
heard a noise. She woke up her maid,
gave her a revolver, took another re
volver herself, woke up the family bull
dog, let him out through a back door,
and then investigated. A burglar had
climbed up on the front porch. The
two women opened fire on him or in
what they took to be the general direc
tion of him from an upper window.
He slid to the ground. The dog was
waiting for him. There were confused
noises and a yell or two of pain; then
a sound of running. After which Mrs.
Mott and the maid compared emo
tions.

The oldest monkish order is the
Basilians, having been established in
A. D. 363. The next, the Benedictines,
date from 529.

What most people want is something
mild and gentle, when in need of a
physic. Chamberlain’s Stomach and
Liver Tablets fill the bill to a dot.
They are easy to take and pleasant in
effect. For sale by Elvey & Hulett.
ONLY. NEVER SOLD IN BULK.

Send us $4.00
and we will ship you a case con
taining 12 quarts of “Premier”
Claret that will make you en
vied by your friends who test it.
Try one bottle and if it don’t
come up to our promise, send
back the other eleven and get
your four dollars. Price list free.
CHARLES STERN & SONS
Los Angeles, Cal.
Winery and Distillery,
Macy Street
Retail Store, 311 South Spring Street

Minerals of Arizona
A few samples of ore from the fa
mous Fortuna mine near Yuma were
received at the headquarters of the
Southwestern Miners’ association the
other day. They came from the
bottom of the deepest shaft in the mine,
now down a distance of 1500 feet. It
carries free milling gold, and these are
said to be fair samples of a large body
of the same grade of ore to be found
there.
The Fortuna is the property of the
well-known California mining man C.
D. Lane, and is said to have produced
at the rate of $75,000 per month for the
past five years.
There is considerable activity in min
ing circles above Yuma on the Colorado
river, says the Tucson Citizen. Mr.
Marker of Los Angeles has just con
cluded the purchase of a group of gold
claims from the Hodges Bros. of Yu
ma, the price being $75,000, and the
Stratchild Bros., who own mines in
the same vicinity, are about to perfect
a big sale.
The Sonora Mining and Milling com
pany, now at work in the Altar district,
seventy miles from Nogales, Mex., is
making good headway. The property,
which is controlled by R. A. Lewis, E.
B. Gage, Con O’Keefe, O. O. Saxhang
er, is spoken of as being one of the
greatest silver producers of Mexico.
A party of San Diego mining men are
now prospecting in the Avoca district
of Arizona.

NEED OF A SURVEY
Government and New Mexico Share
the Cost of the Work
The need of a geological survey for
the assistance particularly of the min
ing industry is growing annually more
apparent. The government has made a
comprehensive survey of the Grand
Canyon of the Colorado, and beyond
that and a survey now in progress em
bracing a quadrangle in which is lo
cated the Big Bug district, no federal
attempt has been made to look into the
geological formations of this territory.
The vast importance recently assumed
by the mining industry renders much
more important the need of a survey,
and the department is directing its eyes
to Arizona, where the greatest amount
of activity has taken place in the past
few years. Co-operation on the part
of the mining men of this territory and
petitions to the geological survey might
draw matters to a head. New Mexico
has taken steps which are described
by the Santa Fe correspondent of the
Los Angeles Mining Review in this
way:
In accordance with recommendations
contained in the executive message to
the thirty-fourth legislative assembly
that body last March passed a compre
hensive act, which, it is believed, will
serve as the initiative for securing a
complete geological survey of New
Mexico, something of which the terri
tory has long stood in urgent need, ow
ing to the growing importance of its
mining industry. Under this act the
territory shares with the United States
government the expense of such sur
vey, and it is provided therein that the
territorial auditor of public accounts
shall cause to be made a levy of one
quarter of a mill on each dollar of tax
able property in New Mexico for the
fifty-second and fifty-third fiscal years;
the proceeds of which shall be placed
by the territorial treasurer in a special
fund to be known as “The Geological
Survey Fund,” and whenever the sec
retary of the Interior department of the
national government shall certify that
funds of the United States are avail
able and will be expended by the gov
ernment in the making of geological
surveys in this territory, a like sum
from said territorial geological survey
fund shall be paid to the secretary of
the Interior for the making of such sur
veys under the direction of the geolog
ical bureau of the United States and
the secretary of the Interior.
The tax levy thus provided for should
realize a sum equal to between $6000
and $7000 for each of the next two fis
cal years, and if the national govern
ment contributes a like amount to the
work the result ought to be very bene
ficial to the territory and aid material
ly in stimulating the mining industry,
which, notwithstanding that the first
gold and copper mines on American soil
were opened there more than a century
ago, is as yet practically in its infancy.
The territorial auditor has complied
with the new law, and the taxes for this
worthy purpose are already being col
lected.
In this connection it is gratifying to
note that the bureau in charge of the
United States geological survey has
thus early since the passage of this act
shown its interest in New Mexico by
appointing as field assistant for the
territory Prof. W. A. Jones, E. M., C.
E., director of the New Mexico School
of Mines. This gentleman is now en
gaged in the special duty of collecting
the mining and mineral statistics of
the territory, appertaining especially to
the precious metal output.

OIL FOR SMELTING
Experimenting on Those Lines in a
Los Angeles Plant
The Los Angeles Herald has the fol
lowing concerning mineral oil for
smelting purposes:
At the Llewellyn Iron Works, Los
Angeles, there is in operation an appar
atus which is likely to prove of im
portance to mining interests, including
mining for oil. The apparatus is pro
ducing fuel and illuminating gas from
California oil; but the more important
routine claimed for it is that it will
solve the problem of power and of fuel
for the reduction of ores.
Mr. Albert Chapelle, a member of the
firm of Messrs. James R. Moore & Co.
of Chicago, who have acquired the Pa
cific Coast rights to the process, makes
the following statement regarding the
merits of it:
“In every instance I have found by
carefully testing the California distil
lates that I am able to produce from
them a fuel and an illuminating gas
which will largely reduce fuel bills, and
some idea of the economy of my system
may be had from the fact that on a
six mule load I can put enough distil
late, which, when turned into gas, will
equal a car load of coal or solid fuel.
With that gas I can guarantee cheaper
power either by means of the gas en
gine or the ordinary steam plant; light
premises if need be and furnish fuel
for every possible requirement in the
mining camp, including the reduction
of ores.
“My gas plant is practically automat
ic in operation. The quantity of gas
produced each day can be regulated at
will. No expense is required to operate
the plant and it is as safe or safer
than the steam boiler.
“At the Washington navy yards a
plant producing approximately one-half
a million cubic feet of gas per day is
located in one corner of the gun fac
tory and almost in the center of the
navy yards, and though operated daily
for a period of more than three years
not one dollar has been expended for re
pairs.
“Referring to the reduction of ores,
I believe I have the ideal fuel. First,
it is chemically unobjectionable, there
being no sulphur or carbonic oxide or
acid. Secondly, I can obtain, at small
cost, a very high temperature and I can
control, not only the temperature but
the character of the flame at will, and
can secure a perfect combustion in the
reverberatory furnace, without the use of
the stack or vent of any character and
in a water jacket furnace I believe I
am safe in saying that I can reduce the
solid fuel requirements to the minimum,
using only enough coke or other solid
fuel to secure displacement.”

GREAT REPUBLIC MINES
Mines Near Mayer Are Making
Splendid Showing
A property making a somewhat re
markable showing is the bunch of twen
ty-eight claims of the Great Republic
Copper and Gold Mining Company, sit
uated about ten miles south of Mayer
in the Black Canyon region, says the
Prescott correspondent of the Los An
geles Times. These claims cover a dis
trict one mile wide by two and a half
long, and have for contact on the east
porphyritic and granite formations and
on the west lime and porphyry. They
lie in a basin on Lower Turkey Creek.
The best claims are the Columbia and
its extensions, the Cobre Verde, Lone
Star, Misfit and Blue Jay. Here are
present many of the prominent forms of
copper—malachite, azurite, bornite,
chalcopyrites, thalcochites—scattered
along in veinlike formation for a dis
tance of about 4000 feet. From the Re
public claim, on the north and south of
which huge iron and porphyry dykes
are conspicuous, excellent assays of
gold have been had, and scattered along
through adjacent claims are large crop
pings of iron, porphyritic diorite and si
liceous schist, paralleled by reefs of
quartz. On the Sunrise claim is iron
and diorite, with a large ledge of feld
spathic schist which shows a limited
amount of copper carbonates. Ver
ging thence, the character of the ore
gradually changes, silver becoming
prominent, associated with gold and
lead and copper, and the Abe Lincoln
claim ores contain barytes, with car
bonates of galena and anglesite, con
taining gold and silver. The Columbia
is the original and oldest claim of the
group. It has a tunnel 314 feet, which
crosscuts the ledge. In this cut about
150 feet of oxide and sulphide ores have
been uncovered, running well in cop
per. This group of remarkable claims
has been incorporated by John M. Sul
livan, S. S. Bullard and F. E. Jordan,
the last two well known in Jerome.

$100 REWARD, $100.
The readers of this paper will be
pleased to learn that there is at least
one dreaded disease that science has
been able to cure in all its stages, and
that is catarrh. Hall’s Catarrh Cure is
the only positive cure known to the
medical fraternity. Catarrh being a
constitutional disease, requires a con
stitutional treatment. Hall’s Catarrh
Cure is taken internally, acting direct
ly upon the blood and mucous surfaces
of the system, thereby destroying the
foundation of the disease, and giving
the patient strength by building up the
constitution and assisting nature in do
ing its work. The proprietors have so
much faith in its curative powers that
they offer One Hundred Dollars for any
case that it fails to cure. Send for
list of testimonials. Address,
F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggists, 75c.
Hall’s Family Pills are the best.

TALE OF A COW
A cow, while being escorted from
Lydney to Blakeney the other day, en
tered a house, walked down a long pas
sage, and up twenty-two steps into a
bedroom, where it prepared itself for
an afternoon siesta. The manner of
restoring it to the street was ingenious.
Another cow was brought to the bot
tom of the stairs, and the intelligent
bovine at once descended the twenty
two steps to invite the new arrival to
share its slumbers. Then they were
both shoved into the street.—Ports
mouth, England, Evening News.

A YOUNG LADY’S LIFE SAVED
At Panama, Colombia, by Chamber
lain’s Colic, Cholera and Diar
rhoea Remedy
Dr. Chas. H. Utter, a prominent phy
sician of Panama, Colombia, in a recent
letter states: “Last March I had as a
patient a young lady sixteen years of
age, who had a very bad attack of dys
entery. Everything I prescribed for
her proved ineffectual and she was
growing worse every hour. Her par
ents were sure she would die. She had
become so weak that she could not turn
over in bed. What to do at this crit
ical moment was a study for me, but I
thought of Chamberlain’s Colic, Chol
era and Diarrhoea Remedy and as a
last resort prescribed it. The most
wonderful result was effected. Within
eight hours she was feeling much bet
ter; inside of three days she was upon
her feet and at the end of one week
was entirely well.” For sale by
Elvey & Hulett.

Omaha does not know whether it is
having bull fights or not. It advertises
such encounters, but the governor of
Nebraska, who has attended, says they
are shams. At this distance bogus bull
battles would seem to be worse than the
real thing, because fraud is added to
brutality.

The laws of health require that the
bowels move once each day, and one of
the penalties for violating this law is
piles. Keep your bowels regular by
taking a dose of Chamberlain’s Stom
ach and Liver Tablets when necessary
and you will never have that severe
punishment inflicted upon you. Price,
25 cents. For sale by Elvey & Hulett.

During the siege of Paris sixty-four
balloons left the city with ninety-one
passengers, 361 pigeons and nine tons
of letters.