7s

SPORTING NEWS
PAGE SEVEN
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 27, 1916
MENTIONED
Their Linkinmer-irdykty-jjorimily OV
Our semi-annual sale

is one of the most successful we have ever had. If you are an experienced judge of merchandise the values will quickly recommend themselves to you; if not, you can feel secure when you see the labels and brands of the makers of our clothing, shoes, hats, etc. And our regular "Hanny guarantee" of money-back for every unsatisfactory article purchased here.

25% off Hart, Schaffner and Marx and Clothcraft Clothing.

$10.00

$22.00

$17.50

$15.00

$11.75

$10.00

$7.50

$6.00

$5.00

$4.00

$3.00

$2.50

$2.00

$1.50

$1.00

$0.75

$0.50

$0.25

$0.15

$0.10

$0.05

Suits
Suits
Suits
Suits
Suits

All alterations five cents.

A special lot of suits and many of them cost less than we are asking for them can be fitted here in lots of 10 units to

Olive Gray and Blue Series

$26.75
$22.50
$18.75
$15.00
$11.75

Overcoats
$10.00
$9.00
$8.00
$7.00
$6.00
$5.00
$4.00
$3.00
$2.00
$1.00

SHIRTS Goodman Ventilated

$1.00 everywhere now 75 cents

Stiff and soft cuff shirts $1.00 value, now 65 cents

Earl & Wilson Shirts

$1.50 and $2.00 Crudes now $1.25

$3.00 Crudes now $2.15

$1.00 Crudes now $0.75

Just remember that we have a very large and carefully selected stock of shirts for you to choose from.

Hell I Brand Collars 4 for 25 cents

HATS Of course you know Hanny's Hats; all men are familiar with the stock and the ability to be hat-satisfied when

$3.00 Crudes now $2.15

$1.00 Crudes now $0.75

Stiff Hats, the season's newest blocks; and the world's best known brands are included in these reductions.

And similarly attractive prices on shoes, sweaters, mackinaws, vests, golf coats, neckwear, caps, etc., etc.

State Game Warden Willard yesterday received a detailed report as to the amount of big game animals killed in the national forests of the state during the year of 1915. The report was tabulated and put together by members of the United States forestry department, and is to be regarded as of more than usual accuracy. The figures were submitted to Mr. Willard by K. V. Kaupish, of Albuquerque, the district forester. The forest authorities who have had supervision of the national domains in Arizona state that a total of 1,152 deer, 1,113 turkeys, 33 bears, 401 coyotes, 11 wolves and 99 lions were killed by hunters during 1915. While the reports do not pretend to be mathematically correct, they are careful estimates based on close observation by the forest rangers and give a good general index to limiting conditions.

Game officials point out that game conditions in Arizona are serious, especially in the Apache forest, where the copper mine strikes during the fall resulted in so many idle men that about 110 of them took to the hills for hunting trips. This constituted such a heavy drain on the game supply that this once famous hunting region is in grave danger of depletion. There were 401 deer and 1,113 turkeys reported to have been killed in this district during the season just past.

Arizona forest rangers complain of the difficulty of enforcing the already defective game laws of the state. The present law does not require that deer carcasses be accompanied by horns or other evidences of sex, and this, they say, makes it difficult, in fact almost impossible, to apprehend killers of does and fawns. It has been no secret that some wildlife officials have already tried to remedy this defect, and strengthen the law in this respect, but the measure did not seem to meet with the approval of the last state legislature. In this state, as in New Mexico, it is said, the citizens will soon reach a point where it will be necessary to choose between the virtual extermination of the big game animals or the prompt enactment of either a five-year closed season, or the same refuge bill, now before Congress.

The killing of something like one hundred lions in the forests of this state, is bound, in the opinion of the forest service, to be a source of gratification to everybody, and will doubtless entail a saving of at least $100,000 worth of game and livestock. In the Prescott forest alone, 75 wildcats were killed and 37 lions were also slain.

Fielding Will Drive Against Two-Wheeled in Moose Motorcycle Program for February 2.

MOTORCYCLE PLUGS AWAY WINDOW

Five Hundred Miles a Day, Schedule of Harley Test Machine Road Record Next Target

Still a-shooting! That's what they used to say about the non-stop Maxwell that performed in Los Angeles. By the grace of the best gas and oil secured from the Union Oil company and their own expert attention to its daily measure of fuel, that's what Harley Crandall and Elie Wilson hope everybody will be saying about the Harley-Davidson that performed in the show window of the Phoenix Cycle company all day yesterday.

Entering upon its third twenty-four hour period, the motorcycle yesterday turned the speedometer around so it recorded 1,000 miles. At an average rate of about 100 miles a day, they hope to keep the motorcycle turning over for a record of about 4,000 miles. Even though it should be showing no ill effects from its grind, when that mileage is attained the machine will probably be stopped. For this same stock machine will be used in actual non-stop tests that Crandall and Wilson are hoping to pull off in the near future. The two live ones have wired to Chicago to get a sanction from the Federation of American motorcyclists in order that their road record may be accepted as an official mark, the first of its sort ever planned. Crandall and Wilson plan to do all the riding themselves, taking short spells of, say, six to eight hours at it a stretch. Possibly other riders will be engaged to keep up the merry whirl. The plans for the larger endurance run, which is to be made under actual road conditions, and not necessarily on the pavement, are by no means complete, but the enterprising youths will have lots of time to work up the thing within the next week or two.

A good idea of interest is being worked up in the show window test, and the crowds that stop to read the speedometer record indicate the true worth of the project.

EQUALS BREAKS RECORD

Negro Sprinter Comes Back and Does Some Flashy Work in Seventy Yard Dash in New York

Republican A. P. Leased Wire
NEW YORK, Jan. 26. Howard C. Drew, running for the University of Southern California, equaled the world's record made by himself, of 7 1/5 seconds in the seventy yard dash at the annual indoor track and field games of the Millrose Athletic Association in Madison Square Garden tonight. Drew finished only a few inches ahead of Roy W. Morse of this city. In the two-mile handicap walk, George Gooderham of Toronto, the world's champion at this distance, started at scratch and was unable to overtake Edward Men of this city, who had a handicap of 10 seconds. Dave Caldwell of Boston won the 100 yards scratch race from J. L. Meredith of the University of Pennsylvania by two yards.

The summaries:
Special 70 yards dash, scratch; Won by Howard C. Drew, University of Southern California. Time 7 1/5 seconds; equals world's record.
Seventy yards dash, handicap: Won by F. W. Loomis, Massachusetts Institute of Tech (four feet). Time 7 1/7 seconds.
Two-mile handicap walk won by Edward Men, Mohawk A. C. (10 seconds), Time 14:17 4/5.
One and one-half mile run, scratch won by J. W. Overton, Yale, unattached. Time 6:13.
Seventy-yard hurdles, three hurdles, 2 feet 6 inches, scratch: Won by Arthur L. Kengels, Brooklyn, unattached. Time 7 4/5 seconds.
Six hundred-yard run, scratch won by Dave S. Caldwell, Boston A. A. Time 1:14.
Running high jump, scratch won by J. G. Loomis, Chicago A. A.; A. H. Barweis, Boston A. A., second. Both tied at six feet one inch. Loomis wins on number of jumps at six feet.

Fielding yesterday gave his consent to a matched race between his Sebring racer, with O. F. Haibe in the seat, and a motorcycle, to be a part of the motorcycle race program of the second annual Moose speed carnival on February 2.

A radio promoter of the Moose enterprise, visited the movie man at his studio yesterday morning, and made arrangements to have Haibe pit his 101-mile-an-hour racing car against the best motorcycle sliced that the local and visiting talent can offer.

Haibe has rebuilt the Sebring, and Mr. Fielding has used the car in several important motion pictures lately. In revamping the green monster, Haibe has put in a nearly complete new power plant; he assures everyone that the car is now in line condition for the Ascot park races at Los Angeles, in the event the patron of the sport consents to enter it. As for a race with a motorcycle, or a time trial, Haibe is confident that the Sebring will give any motorcycle a good run for the money.

It is planned to have the contest five miles long, in order to give the two and four-wheeled speed wagons a chance to show their true comparative worth. Haibe admits that the motorcycle will probably best him on the turns, owing to its light weight and the ability of a good rider to hurl it around the curves at high speed. But with his tremendous pick-up and the large reserve of speed, he hopes to make the two-wheeled contraption take the dust on the long stretches.

The motor car-motorcycle contest will be but one of the many attractions on the Moose Motorcycle program, which, it is thought, will attract many of the racing stars who are wintering in southern California.

Ye

How I am called to heaven's roost.
Tis the land of poets and scholars,
Who have persevered and climbed
life's towers.

during the first half alas! I must happily sigh.

'Tis the real home of Phoenix High

Hart -

best selections, several of P. H. S. most noted students (for bad behavior) crabbed the act by pulling something they thought was cute. At this instant Mr. Cook arose and made this announcement: "Until the students of this school can learn to act like ladies and gentlemen in assembly hall, we will do without assemblies." Do you suppose the student body of such a high school as P. H. S. is going to stand for a couple of insignificant kids? Certainly NOT. The place for them is away from P. H. S. and the further they get, the better it would be. So beware students with witty pleas, for the student body as a whole will back Mr. Cook to the utmost.

We see on the blackboard in the typewriting room, where it says "Your test papers will be found in your files. Look them up and study your errors." This is one reason P. H. S. has one of the best high schools in the United States.

Stay wide awake something is going to happen soon. And it is not a joke either. It will be a surprise.

Ml if I might live life over:

A scene in the sales room of C. D. Messner, Southwestern Carburetor Co. as photographed yesterday. The company features Michelin, Capitol, Congress and Goodyear tires. They are one of the largest tire sales agencies in the city, and state sales agents for several of the above tires. The picture shows Mr. Messner and the local salesmen.

GUILTY OF GRIM

In the case, the defendant was placed in the hands of Attorney General Wiley.

"It is the opinion of this court that section 100 of the criminal code does not provide for the punishment of a person who is guilty of bigamy at Prescott. It is at present, as J. S. Anules, but for his present wife as nine years ago he obtained a divorce in the state of Utah through fraudulent methods. He then came to Arizona and married the defendant a few days after his arrival in the same state."

Corporation Commission Decides That Competing Agencies Can Make Rebates

The commercial law students now known as the "lawyers," have organized a club. All members must grow a Junior mustache.

An evening meeting took place last night in Mr. Soder's room. The class play was discussed.

The debating club met the other day in Mr. Lanzen's room. The question debated was: "Resolved that the P. H. S. should adopt the policy of military preparedness." The affirmative side was composed of Lindley Orme and Amos Yates. The negative side was composed of Donald Willard and Raoul Grijalva. The affirmative side won. The discussion was very heated and the entire audience was held in grip by the earnestness of each speaker.

One thing that will not be forgotten is the big ball game at Mesa Saturday afternoon between the Coyotes and Evans school. Game starts at 1:30. Everybody be there. The baseball manager would like to have about five machines at the dressing rooms of the P. H. S. ball team to take the team to Mesa for the first game. So loyal Coyotes do your duty and be on hand with your car at one-thirty Saturday afternoon. Well Juniors, guess you have to cough up the dues. The get busy.

(Tis: Our Home)
Wilderness, oh Wilderness of sunshine; oh! prosperous infant state divine,
For you I will unceasingly boost

The Senior class will only have two weeks more to get their beautiful mugs before Heath's camera. The pictures for the annual will be made earlier this year than they were last.

Well, perhaps we forgot to tell you that Blue Coyote papers were given out yesterday.

IS CLOSELY FOLLOWED BY OTHER FEMALE EXPERTS. TENNIS ATTRACTS LARGE QUOTA AT COUNTRY CLUB

Mrs. Barry Goldwater won the golf tournament at the Country Club yesterday. The winner of the trophy was one of the particularly clever players, but she had many close rivals in both the members of the club she represented and the Ingleside Country Club.

Those who played in the flag tournament were Mrs. Barry Goldwater, Mrs. T. Ainsworth, Mrs. Harry J. Jones, Mrs. Homer King, Mrs. John Dennett, Mrs. Warren McArthur, Jr., Mrs. Roy Thomas, Mrs. Fred Woolsey, Mrs. George Olney, Mrs. Sidney J. Ross and Mrs. Warren McArthur and Mrs. H. J. Myrtin of Ingleside.

While interest was especially keen in golf, the round-robin tennis tournament also attracted its quota of followers, and indoors it bridge game furnished diversion for more than fifty card players.

On Saturday afternoon there will be a golf tournament for the men. Tea will be served by Mrs. Rupert Moore and Mrs. Harry Goldwater.

Y IS INTERESTED IN PAST HISTORY

Novel Contest Originated by Enterprising Secretary Ohio Expects to Win

This is the all-important question at the "Y" just now.

Every Phoenician looks with pride to the state wherein he was born and says it is the best in the union. One can usually tell a state by the character of the men it produces and of the organizations they affiliate themselves with in Phoenix.

Secretary Harry M. Blair of the local Y. M. C. A. is preparing an all-state contest. He sent out 700 inquiries to the senior members of the local Y. M. C. A. asking them their native state. Out of the 700 cards sent out 210 replies have been received. Missouri, Champ Clark's state, is in the lead. Ohio, the mother of presidents state, is tied with Iowa for second place. Indiana the "Hoosier" state ranks third. Next Tuesday evening, February 1, the grand rally and dinner of the all-states native sons contest will be held at the Y. M. C. A.

The contest will prove one of the most popular yet staged in Phoenix. G. S. Rilheimer, international secretary for the mountain states will be a guest at the banquet given Tuesday evening. W. H. Day, inter-state secretary for Arizona, New Mexico and western Texas will also be an honored guest. President Lloyd P. Christy says: "Although I am not from Missouri they will have to 'show me,' as to whether their state is the best in the union or not."

Secretary Blair is anxiously awaiting the replies to his inquiry as he thinks Indiana will win out. Vice President Coggins says Maine may win out in the final count. Dr. John Dennett is of the same opinion. Treasurer J. C. Norton votes every time for Iowa. Any member not having sent in his return card should do so at once, and it is very important that they be received promptly in order that the dinner invitations may be mailed this week.

According to a decision handed down yesterday by the state corporation commission, the various insurance companies operating in this state can swap business on the commission basis, if they so desire.

The case had its start several weeks ago, when complaint was lodged with the commission that The Maryland Casualty Company had violated the state insurance laws by making an interchange of business with the Slayback-Van Schaack Agency Company. The complaint was filed by W. T. Robert A. Barr, a local insurance agent. The Maryland was charged with the violation of section 100 of the acts of the first state legislature, fourth session.

It seems that the Slayback-Van Schaack agency of this city in the course of business, secured the liability insurance of K. W. Higgle, doing business as the Southern Drilling Company, in this state. The Slayback company, not being in a position to handle this variety of insurance, placed the business in the hands of the Phoenix Savings Bank. The bank representatives of the Maryland Casualty company, the company being specialists in this kind of insurance. The savings bank has been fined for having received the business, rebated seven and one-half percent of the first premium to the Slayback people.

This is the transaction which is alleged to have been contrary to the state laws covering the matter. The contention was that one company was accepting a different class of business than it had been licensed to transact in the state, and hence was violating the provisions of the permit under which it was operating.

In order to get a legal opinion on the matter, the commission stated that "Nothing of this department's decision is to be construed as a ruling that the companies in this state from placing business with other licensed agents residing within the state." The commission found that the companies involved in the case were (here) insured, and can their second line of time. In this case that the bank had not been in conflict with the wife violated to turn and claim him in the state's made and proved for the bill to take the matter

led down the case, was accepted by Mayor Hunter, the attorneys, and the commission to be "nipped in the bud," and will her seven months' terms since last July. The commission sent her money

and fraudulent methods.

das state law

COURT TO HAVE FINAL DECISION

The defendant received the summons of the suit while he was in Los Angeles, but submitted

Al M. of thinking car, if

a. he
cet he:

defiled
the
T the

- divorce is
c- Wore b, -
it was filed.

me! ion will be

:..! cpa.

and on r corn -

Tl-re
i el-i

ill, former;.- i
nb, i hei-e, a"d :
ncniphe,- r..r
pi-:ij e, I. TV

Hir a blithe snileau-'o at The Republican office. A v.::nl Ad will see more customers than you can.

pro State-

JLhhnriOMiiiip r

-

C i-ti y'lt;?

Geary has started a third year state champion chip track team on the road to victory

BE PREPARED FOR EMERGENCIES
WHEN IT'S RAINING BLUE BLAZES AND YOU WIFE'S AUNT ASKS YOU TO GO DOWNTOWN FOR A NICKEL'S WORTH OF INVISIBLE CARPET TACKS DON'T TELL HER TO "LET GEORGE DO IT" GET OUT YOUR BRUSH PUT ON YOUR,

RUBBERS AND LIGHT UP A-

VALUABLE Ml " . , '
coupon in JJ 4 ' "SHE CIGARETTE
Kt ANN