The Arizona Republican.

The Only Paper Between Galveston, Texas, and Los Angeles, California, that Publishes the Full Dispatches of the Associated Press.
VOL. T.
PHOENIX, THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 14, 1890.
NO. 88

SENATE DISCUSSIONS.

Lively Debate Over
Duty on Tin
The Proposed
Plate.
FREE TRADES OPPOSE THE BILL
Several Appropriation Bills Agreed to
The House Again Fails to Have a
Quorum and Adjourns After
a Short Session.
Washington, August 13. The Senate
adopted the House amendment to the
former's sailing regulations, and referred
a number of resolutions relative to the
Tariff bill to the Committee on Rules.
The House Joint Resolution extending
the existing laws providing for the temporary
expenditures of the Government
to the 29th of August, was passed. The
Tariff bill was then taken up, the pending
question being on Mr. Vest's amendment,
offered Monday, reducing the
duty on tin plates. Mr. Gray continued
his argument in support of the amendment.
Mr. Carlisle took part in the discussion
and citing the statements made by
Senator that the quantity of tin
plate annually imported into the United
States was 350,602 tons, costing $23,000,000,
and that the production of this
material in this country would give employment
to 150,000 workmen, said he
had made a calculation on the wages
which those workmen would receive
under those conditions. If one-half of
$23,000,000 was spent in wages, the
other half going for material and expenses,
each workman would receive
the insignificant sum of $35.33 per year
and if the whole amount were paid in
wages the workmen would receive
$70.66 per year and that, he said, was
the sort of statement on which this
legislation was asked.
Mr. Gorham next addressed
the
Senate in opposition to the
proposed increase of duty on
tin plates. In conclusion he said
"I know that nothing which we can say
will stay the majority. You (addressing the
Republicans) have entered on
the passage of this act which throughout
its every page puts additional burdens
on the people. We cannot stop
you but at all events we have done one
thing which was right and proper and
necessary, that is, we have had free and
open discussion of the matter."
The debate continued at length being
participated in by Gray, Aldrich, Hiscock
and Dawes, the latter expressing a
conviction that the American laborer
would rather pay one-half a cent more
for a tin can bearing the stamp of the
American eagle than one-half a cent less
for one bearing the stamp of the British
lion.
The Tariff bill was laid aside informally
and the conference report on the
Indian Appropriation bill presented and
agreed to. Mr. Plumb, from the committee
on appropriations reported a joint
resolution for the relief of the destitute
in Oklahoma and said he would call for
action upon it tomorrow. The House
bill making an appropriation for additional
clerical force in the pension office
was taken off the table and various
amendments reported by the committee
on appropriations agreed to and the
bill passed. After executive session the
Senate adjourned.
In the House.
Washington, August 13. In the
House, Mr. Cutcheon called up the Senate
Joint resolution permitting Lieutenant
Colonel Corbin, of the United
States Army to accept a position in the
World's Columbian Exposition. The
resolution was opposed by Rogers, Farquhar,
Henderson, of Iowa, and Dunnell.
The House refused, twenty-seven to sixty-seven,
to order the resolution to a third
reading.
The Speaker laid before the House the
Senate bill for the relief of Nathaniel
McKay and the Executors of Donald
McKay, who seek compensation for
work done on monitors. Mr. Springer
made a point of order that the bill
must be considered in Committee of the
Whole. The Speaker overruled the point
of order and Mr. Springer appealed. On
sustaining the decision of the Chair the
vote stood yeas, 108, nays 21. No quorum.
A call of the House disclosed a bare
quorum, which disappeared when the
vote recurred on sustaining the decision
of the Speaker. Adjourned.
HARD MILITARY LINKS.
(Important Military Talks Are In About
to Start for Kingston.)
Ottawa, August 13. General Sir
Frederick Middleton leaves for England
next week. Regarding his forced resignation
from the command of the Canadian
Militia he stated today that he
had been sacrificed by the Government
to save the French vote. They succeeded
in disgracing him, bringing
charges that he looted furs from a
French half-breed in the northwest.
Six officers in the English-speaking
provinces, said the general, have combined
against Sir Adolph Caron and are
signing a petition insisting upon his
being removed from the Cabinet. Sir
Adolph's character is receiving pretty
rough handling just now and from all
accounts he will have to follow in the
General's footsteps.
WOMAN'S FAIR HITS.
Jackson Park Declared Unsuitable
For the Occasion.
Chicago, August 13. The World's
Fair directors received a report from
Frederick Law Olmsted, the engineer
brought from Boston to ascertain to a
nicety what space is available for exposition
buildings at Jackson Park without
interfering with park purposes. Olmsted
has reported that the ground
examined by him would be available
only for such as could
be removed after the exposition.
Furthermore, the park he declared to be
unsuitable for a livestock exhibit or for
showing agricultural improvements in
operation. Mr. Olmsted explains that
the Jackson Park site is swampy and that
to utilize more than 112 acres of floor
space, for even temporary buildings,
would seriously interfere with the plans
of the Park Commissioners for a permanent
lake and bayou system with
which to resist the encroachments
of Lake Michigan. The park, however,
would give satisfactory sites for halls
for machinery, for railroads, electric
and mining exhibits and for such objects
as are included in what is generally called
the main exhibition building. They
would be suitable for an agricultural hall.
After the directors adjourned one of them,
ex-Congressman George H. Davis, said
that Mr. Olmsted's report had given Jackson
Park a scientific knock-out. It is
announced from the fair directors that
they will within a few days hold a
special meeting to consider the situation.
SEWERAGE FOR PHOENIX.
Mayor T. D. McGlasson has been looking
into the organization and equipment
of a number of the cities visited by him
on his eastern tour and comes home with
his head full of projects for the improvement
of Phoenix.
"The first thing to be done, in my
opinion," said the Mayor, "is to arrange
for a sewer system. Phoenix has arrived
at the point where sewers are indispensable.
We have now a city, no longer a
village. The surface ditches, good enough
in their day for irrigation purposes, are
now useless. They are without value as
drains and are really a source of considerable
disease.
"There are several things to be
thought of in the proposition of sewers:
The Council must find whether the people
really wish the improvement, then
consider the legal difficulties that intervene,
the system to be adopted and
its cost, and how to provide for its payment.
Then too there would be the
question as to the disposal of the
sewerage, for if run into the river the people
resident below on the lower canals
would no doubt object and with good
reason.
"The cost could probably be met by
a resort to the Territorial Funding Act,
under the terms of which the bonds
could be placed for not exceeding five
per cent interest.
"I would like to hear the sentiment
of the people upon this subject," concluded
the Mayor, "and possibly from
the ideas presented the City Council
could formulate some definite program
to be pursued in the premises."
NEFARIOUS WIFE MURDER.
Shoots His Wife and Baby and Is Probably
Lynched.
Vicksburg, Miss., August 13. A. M.
Sloan (Colored), residing at Lake Plantation,
called his wife to the door of the
cabin and shot her through the heart.
The woman had a baby in her arms at
the time and it was shot through the
body. The murderer escaped, but was
captured later and started under guard
to the nearest magistrate. As he has
not been heard of since, it is believed
that the enraged neighbors lynched him.
ABOUT WHITE METAL.
TREASURY WANTS TO AMEND THE
SILVER BILL.
Director Leach Tells How Much Silver
Was Purchased by the Government
But Refuses to Give the Price.
Washington, August 13. Mr. Teller
today introduced a new Silver bill, in
the shape of an amendment to the
present bill, to discontinue the coinage
of the $4 and $1 gold pieces and the five
and three-cent nickel pieces. The bill
differs from the present law principally
in that it provides for the continued
monthly coinage of not less than 2,000,000
ounces of silver in standard dollars;
strikes out the provision that the rate
of coinage shall be until July 1st,
1891, only; does away with the discretion
given the Secretary of the Treasury
in issuing notes in the place of bullion,
either in gold or silver, and provides for
the free coinage of silver when the market
price of 371.25 grains reads $1.
PURCHASES AT THE MINT.
Treasury officers refuse absolutely to
give out any information regarding any
offers for sale of silver bullion to the
Government today "under circular of
August 1.
The Director of the Mint this afternoon
gave out the following statement
in regard to silver purchased with
the remark that "this is all there is to
say about it." The London quotation
today was 51 1/2 pence, sterling exchange
f 1.87 1/2, parity 1.1251. There was
purchased at the Philadelphia, San
Francisco and New York mints 310,000
ounces, but declined absolutely to say
anything in regard to the price paid.
It was learned, however, from another
source that the purchases were at rates
slightly in excess of the London prices
of 51 1/2 pence and its New York equivalent
1.201 and the owners aggregated
nearly one million ounces.
STRATEGY WINS.
All American Cattleman Is Released From
a Mexican Prison.
San Francisco, August 13. The
Chronicle's special from San Diego, California,
says: Ernest Wold is a cattle
dealer of Tijuana, a small town on
the Mexican line, twenty miles south of
here. A few days ago he crossed the
line to get a lot of cattle he had been
pasturing in lower California. On
returning with them he was forced to
pay $500 to Mexican officials as export
duty. Next morning he crossed the line
again and was arrested and imprisoned
twenty-four hours, he claims without
food. No charge was made against him
but $10,000 bail was refused by the
Mexicans. Yesterday fifteen of his
friends armed themselves to free him by
force, but finally decided to try strategy
first. One of them went to "the guard
house with a quantity of doctored Mescal
and succeeded in drugging all the
Mexican officers. He then released
Wold and both fled back across the
line. Further trouble is feared.
Wall street bankers are anxiously
awaiting the action of the Secretary of
the Treasury in silver matters. It was
ascertained that offers of bullion at $1.13
had been accepted and those at $1.14
rejected.
A fire at Hagerstown yesterday destroyed
a block of small buildings,
including the Ingleside Hotel. Loss
$80,000; insurance small. The fire department
narrowly prevented the flames
from spreading.
MARKHAM CHOSEN.
Nominated For Governor by
California Republicans
AMIDST GREAT ENTHUSIASM.
John H. Markham, of San Andreas, to be
His Lieutenant; Mr. Justice Hatty
Renominated for the Supreme Bench.
Sacramento, August 13. The Republican
State Convention commenced work
a few minutes after 10 o'clock this morning.
The first business was the reading
of the report of the Committee on Credentials.
There were no contests and
the report was adopted. The report of
the Committee on Permanent Organization
and Order of Business recommended
that the temporary organization be made
permanent. The Committee also recommended
that the gubernatorial nomination
be taken up immediately after the
reading of the platform, and after that
other nominations to be made in regular
order. The report was adopted. The
Committee on Resolutions made their
report and the platform was read to the
Convention.
THE DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES.
The Platform in part declares: "We
believe the paramount object of the
Government should be to secure to individuals
the highest possible measure of
civil and political liberty. The Republican
party in pursuance of this broad
policy successfully conducted the Government
of this nation for nearly thirty
years, performing deeds of statesmanship
and military achievement worthy
to live forever upon the brightest pages
of history."
The platform then denounces the
shameful manner in which the Democratic
party has violated its pledges as to
a free ballot in many of the States, and
insists that henceforth the right to a
free ballot shall be enforced so far as it
is within the powers of the Federal
Government to effect that object.
It reaffirms the principles announced
by the Republican National platform of
1888; favors legislation tending to the
arbitration of controversies relative to
wages and hours of labor; renews former
declarations in favor of the most
rigid exclusion of Chinese from this
country and demands that such restrictions
be made permanent. Declares it
the duty of the Federal Government in
adequate appropriations to straighten
and deepen the channels of the Sacramento
and San Joaquin rivers. It approves
the legislation already enacted
for the reclamation and irrigation of
arid lands and declares free public
schools a necessity of free government.
REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP.
The platform endorses the course of
Speaker Reed and says: "We repudiate
the claims of any number of members of
Congress to 'a right to interrupt
and delay its business by refusing to
vote when required, and we rejoice that
the Speaker and other members of the
Republican side of the House have been
able to destroy the pretense that members
can be present and absent at the
same time."
It commends the administration of
President Harrison and the course pursued
by Secretary Blaine in relation to
the Retiring Sea controversy; declares
that a tax of 50 cents on each $100 of
taxable property is ample for State purposes;
favors pension legislation, an
eight-hour law and the enactment of
stringent laws against pools and trusts.
It declares "that in the interest of agriculture
and the other industries of the
country, we endorse the action of the
Republican members of Congress in the
passage of what is known as the 'Silver
Bill,' and that we favor a proper increase
of the currency of the country to
the extent demanded by its business."
There was frequent applause during
the reading of the platform, particularly
those parts in relation to Speaker Reed
and the Silver bill.
NOMINATIONS FOR GOVERNOR.
After the platform had been adopted,
the Chairman announced that nominations
for Governor were in order. This
announcement was greeted with
applause.
The first man to stop on the Chairman's
platform was Judge Fitzgerald, of
Los Angeles. He was greeted with
great enthusiasm by the adherents of
Colonel Markham. "As soon as Markham's
name escaped the speaker's lips
the enthusiasm broke out again. Judge
Fitzgerald spoke of Colonel Markham's
career as a soldier and of his fidelity to
the Union cause. The speaker also declared
that through Markham's efforts
Los Angeles was changed in a few years
from a strong Democratic to a powerful
Republican county. He said that sixty-
three Los Angeles delegates were here
to vote for Colonel Markham, of
that locality, and they would not be here
in their present capacity if certain
charges made against Colonel Markham
were true. The Speaker declared forcibly
that Markham was not the candidate of
Southern California, but of the whole
State, and that his boundary lines of
California were Oregon on the North
and Lower California on the South.
Judge Fitzgerald closed by predicting
that Markham's nomination would result
in a great victory for the Republican
party.
Judge Walling, of Nevada County, then
nominated Congressman Morrow amid
loud cheers. Morrow, he declared, was in
Washington "on guard" for the interests
of California.
H. Clark, of Yolo; J. N. E. Wilson, of
San Francisco; H. E. Dibble, of San
Francisco and Geo. H. Maxwell, of
Sonoma, seconded Morrow's nomination.
Samuel Shortridge, of San Francisco,
seconded Markham's, after which the
convention took a recess till 2:30 p.m.
MARKHAM WINS.
When the Convention reassembled
after the recess the candidates were
brought in and in brief speeches endorsed
the platform and promised to support
the nominee of the party. Colonel
Markham was received with great applause.
A telegram was received and
read from Congressman Morrow expressing
regret at his inability to be present
and promising to support the successful
nominee. The Chairman then
announced the nominations closed and on
motion of R. H. Lloyd the Convention
proceeded to ballot for Governor.
It was three o'clock when the Secretary
commenced to call the roll for the
first ballot.
Alameda gave Morrow 33, Markham
10, Chipman 1, Shippee 1.
Alpine, Markham 1.
Amador, Morrow 7, Shippee 1.
Butte, Morrow 5, Chipman 3, Shippee
4.
Calaveras, Morrow 8.
Colusa, Chipman 7.
Contra Costa, Morrow 9.
Del Norte, Morrow 2.
El Dorado, Morrow 8.
Fresno, Markham 13.
Humboldt, Morrow 2, Markham 1,
Chipman 4.
Inyo, Markham 3.
Kern, Morrow 5.
Lake, Markham 5.
Lassen, Chipman 3.
Los Angeles, Markham 63.
Marin, Morrow 2, Preston 1.
Mariposa, Morrow 1, Chipman 3.
Mendocino, Morrow 6, Markham 1.
Merced, Morrow 3, Shippee 2.
Modoc, Morrow 4.
Monterey, Markham 10.
Napa, Morrow 5, Markham 3, Chipman
2.
Nevada, Morrow 12.
Orange, Markham 8.
Placer, Morrow 6, Markham 1, Chipman
3.
Plumas, Chipman 4.
Sacramento, Morrow 111, Markham 4,
Chipman 1, Shippee 1.
San Bernardino, Markham 10.
San Diego, Markham 24.
San Francisco, Morrow 70, Markham
47, Chipman 2, Preston 2.
San Joaquin, Shippee 15.
San Luis Obispo, Morrow 3, Chipman
4.
Santa Barbara, Morrow 2, Markham 7.
Santa Clara, Markham 23.
Santa Cruz, Markham 11.
Shasta, Chipman 8.
Sierra, Morrow 2, Markham 2, Chipman
2.
Siskiyou, Morrow 4, Chipman 4.
Solano, Morrow 10, Markham 2.
Sonoma, Morrow 15, Chipman 2.
Stanislaus, Morrow 3, Shippee 3.
Sutter, Markham 5.
Tehama, Chipman 7.
Trinity, Morrow 1, Chipman 2.
Tulare, Morrow 2, Markham 10.
Tuolumne, Morrow 5.
Ventura, Morrow 5, Markham 2.
Yolo, Morrow 2, Markham 0.
Yuba, Markham 7.
As the count proceeded there was
wild cheering whenever a county announced
its vote for Markham. When
the count was concluded the Secretary
was about to announce the result which
gave Markham 200 votes and Morrow
271, leaving Markham lacking forty
votes of having a majority, but before
the vote was announced the delegations
from Calaveras and Humboldt counties
and the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth
Assembly Districts of San Francisco
changed their vote from Morrow to
Markham. The wildest excitement followed
and in the midst of the excitement
General Dimond moved to make
the nomination of Markham unanimous.
This was carried and when the excitement
had subsided the Convention
adjourned until 8:30 this evening.
REPUBLICAN FOR LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR.
When the Convention met at 8:15 this
evening a motion was made to adjourn
until tomorrow morning, but it was lost,
and the Convention proceeded to nominations.
For Lieutenant Governor, J. P.
Davis, of Calaveras, nominated John R.
Roddick, of San Andreas. Duncan Mc-
Pherson of Santa Cruz, nominated W.
H. Jordan, of San Francisco. Roddick's
nomination was seconded by R. Clark,
of Yolo and D. P. Hatch, of Los Angeles.
The candidates appeared before the Convention
and made brief addresses, after
which a ballot was taken.
The roll call proceeded until after the
vote of San Francisco had been counted,
when Roddick had received 305 votes to
124 for Jordan. Mr. Davis, of Alameda,
accordingly moved that Mr. Roddick's
nomination be made unanimous, which
was agreed to.
SUPREME COURT JUSTICES.
The Convention then took up the
nomination of candidates for Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court. W. H.
Heatty, the present Chief Justice, was
nominated by Frank A. Adams, of San
Luis Obispo. Ralph C. Harrison was
placed in nomination by K. S. Pillsbury,
of San Francisco. Morehouse, of Santa
Clara, and George Knight seconded
Chief Justice Heatty. Mr. Pillsbury
afterwards withdrew the nomination of
Harrison and moved to make the nomination
of Chief Justice Heatty unanimous,
which was agreed to.
After the renomination of Chief Justice
Heatty, Mr. Pillsbury placed R. C.
Harrison in nomination for Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court, for the
long term. H. O. Rolf, of San Bernardino,
nominated U. W. O. Howell, of
that county. C. F. Reed nominated C.
H. Garoutt, of Yolo; Victor H. Mot-
calf, of Alameda, nominated Charles
L. Fox, and J. Fims of, Nevada,
nominated A. N. Walling, of that
county. Mr. Walling withdrew from the
contest and the convention proceeded to
roll call to select two candidates for
Associate Justice.
The ballot for the two Associate Justices
resulted as follows: Garoutt 540,
Harrison 381, Rowell 215, Fox 212.
Garoutt and Harrison having received
a majority, were declared the nominees
and their nomination was afterward
made unanimous. At 10:35 the Convention
adjourned till 10 o'clock tomorrow
morning.
REJOICING AT LOS ANGELES.
Los Angeles, August 13. The news
that the Republican State Convention
had nominated Col. H. H. Markham,
which reached this city late this afternoon
through the Associated Press
dispatches and private telegrams, caused
wild scenes of rejoicing and enthusiasm
among the Republicans of Los Angeles.
Flags were immediately run up on many
of the principal buildings, and there
was general jollification among Markham's
followers. This evening bands of
music are parading the streets, fireworks
are being set off, and Republican clubs
are meeting and exchanging congratulations
over the result.
AT COLONEL MARKHAM'S HOME.
Pasadena, August 13. Pasadena, the
home of Colonel Markham, celebrated
his nomination tonight by a salute of one
hundred guns of musketry by the Markham
Guards, a street procession and
other demonstrations. Mrs. Markham,
who was quietly at home was the recipient
of warm congratulations, Democrats
and Republicans alike joining in
the manifestations.
SAN FRANCISCO PRESS OPINIONS.
San Francisco, August 13. The
Chronicle will say editorially tomorrow:
"Markham's nomination was the work
of the most thoroughly independent and
untrammeled convention which has met
in California for years and as such
must be entitled to respect, no matter
what may have been individual preferences
heretofore. The battle was hard
fought and a gallant one, but no one will
witness the laurels from the victor."
The Call will say: "The Republicans
will now go into the campaign with every
assumption of victory. The impulse of
Markham's nomination will give to the
campaign workers a reasonable certainty
of a Republican Legislature and at least
five Republican Congressmen."
WHITNEY'S CAREER.
Colonel Henry H. Markham was born and
educated in New York State. At the age of
twenty-one he enlisted in the army and served
during three years of the war, retiring only
when severely wounded by a shell while with
Sherman in South Carolina. After the war he
studied law, and practiced for a number of
years in Milwaukee, but the wound in his hip
became so troublesome that he was forced to
give up practice. In 1878 he moved to California
and made Pasadena his home. He rapidly
recovered his health, and is now but slightly
inconvenienced by his wound.
Colonel Markham was elected to Congress in
1881 by 700 majority over Senator Del Valle, one
of the most popular Democrats in Southern California.
He was unanimously renominated in
1882, and the convention adjourned for two
days to give his friends an opportunity to urge
him to accept, but the climate of the South had
aggravated the old trouble from his wound, and
he declined to return to Washington. Since
that time he has been actively engaged in business,
being President of the Los Angeles Furniture
Company, a Director of the Los Angeles
National Bank, San Gabriel Valley Bank and
the Oil Supply Company of Southern California,
and associated in various enterprises to develop
mineral resources in his part of the state.
While in Congress Colonel Markham was on
the Silver and Harbor Committee, and was instrumental
in obtaining appropriations for the
improvement of California rivers and ports.
He was very active and diligent, and accomplished
a great deal during his one term in the
House.
Colonel Markham is Democratic in his habits,
easy of approach, and a skillful manager in a
political campaign. The State Central Committee
refused to aid him in his canvass in 1882,
and he managed his own campaign, and to the
surprise of curious observers, he managed
everyone, defeated
Colonel Markham is a very strong nominee,
a very strong nominee,
Colonel Markham is forty-nine years old,
feet one inch in height,
six
and weighs over 180
pounds. His friends are warmly attached to
him, and are united in his support to make the
best possible light as the leader of the
Republican party in the coming campaign.
The President has returned to Washington.
Senator Blair has reported favorably
from the Committee on Education his
resolution relative to a proposed constitutional
amendment to forever prohibit
in the United States the manufacture,
importation, transportation or sale of all
alcoholic liquors used as beverages.
Christian Merkle is in jail at Napa,
California, on charge of perjury. His
wife was recently convicted of manslaughter,
for the killing of Jos. Von
wyl, and after her conviction he made
an affidavit that he killed the man.
This was in conflict with his testimony
at the trial.
CLOSING DAY AT BOSTON.
STRENGTH KNOWN OF THE
PAST YEAR.
O. A. R.
Splendid Show Made by the Woman's
Relief Corps Mrs. John A. Logan
Addresses the Convention.
Boston, August 13. General Alger,
addressing the G. A. R. today, said:
"The condition of our organization is
excellent. The total membership on the
roll numbers 458,230 as against 427,081
one year ago." Referring to pension
legislation he said: "Let us be just to
our law-makers, even though they have
not given us all we asked. No country
on earth is or ever has been nearly as
generous to its soldiers as ours."
Concerning the Grant monument General
Alger recommended the appointment
of a committee of five to solicit
Government and civilian aid for the
erection of a monumental structure such
as has not been built in this or any
other country.
THE W. R. C.
The Eighth Annual Convention of the
National Woman's Relief Corps opened
in Tremont Temple this morning, Mrs.
Annie Wittenmeyer, the National President,
in the chair. Mrs. Wittenmeyer,
in her annual address, stated that the
membership in the Corps now is
nearly 100,000; that a reserve fund
of $12,300 is on hand in the treasuries
of the local Corps and the
charity work of the year amounted to
$100,000.
In the absence of Mrs. Charity Rusk
Craig, Past National President, the gold
badge voted her by the encampment
was presented to her father, Secretary
Rusk, for her. In his reply Secretary
Rusk said the prosperity of the G. A.
R. largely depended upon the efforts of
the Woman's Relief Corps.
Mrs. Logan, who is a member of the
National Pension Committee of the
Woman's Relief Corps, gave an interesting
account of the nurse's bill now pending
in Congress. A vote of thanks was
given Mrs. Alger for her cooperation
with her husband in aiding the
Woman's Relief Corps' work.
Inspector General Griffith reported the
Order growing numerically stronger and
working earnestly and harmoniously in
furthering the grand objects for which
it was organized. He presented a table
showing that the number of comrades
in good standing in Posts inspected to
June 30, was 351,244. The number of
Posts not inspected was 1051.
The total amount expended for charity
was $282,550, and the amount remaining
in the relief fund is $470,350.
The report of Surgeon General Porter
recommends that inspectors be required
to examine the Post Officers as to their
knowledge of the department and general
matters pertaining to the organization,
and the care of destitute and needy
comrades. "The Pension Law" the
report says, "should harmonize with the
natural history of all disability contracted
while the victim was in the service
of the United States and in the line
of duty, and which is not the result of
his own vicious manners."
General Wheelock G. Veasey, of Vermont,
was this evening elected Commander-in-Chief
of the G. A. R.
Richard F. Tobin, of Massachusetts,
was elected as Senior Vice-President,
and George P. Creamer, of Baltimore, as
Junior Vice-President.
By unanimous vote Detroit was
selected as the site for the next encampment.
Adjourned till tomorrow.
LABOR TROUBLES.
A Victory Claimed by the New York
Central.
ANOTHER ROAD TIED UP NOW.
Various and Conflicting Rumors About the
Action of the Firemen Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Hold a
Conference.
New York, August 13. No blockade
exists anywhere on the New York
tracks in the big yards and cars are now
standing on the proper side tracks ready
to be coupled up. Four outgoing trains
were handled by the dispatchers without
delay with but very little inconvenience.
Meetings were held this afternoon by
three local assemblies. They claimed
everything was in their favor and very
little switching was being done. A
rumor that the West Shore Railroad is
tied up on account of the engineers going
out, has been found false. At the
Grand Central depot all engineers are
at work. No strike of the engineers is
liable to happen on either road.
The strikers took heart today when
they heard of the strike on the Delaware
and Hudson Canal Company's lines
and were jubilant.
General Superintendent Voorhees this
evening said he had received a report
in the afternoon that indicated an unconditional
surrender on the part of the
Knights of Labor on the Harlem division.
He received a message last evening
informing him the committee had just
waited on Superintendent Worcester and
informed him that Local Assembly, No.
1705, located at Dover Plains, had surrendered
their charter. This was confirmed
by a message addressed to E. J.
Lee and signed, N. L. Finn. The strikers
made no conditions. They say they are
ready for any disposition the company
may see fit to make of them. They are
ready to go to work at once. Voorhees
replied to Worcester directing him to
employ four conductors and twelve
brakemen the balance to report at the
Grand Central Depot.
Firemen Ordered Out.
Albany, August 13. Reed, Division
Chief of the Brotherhood of Locomotive
Firemen, is authority for the following:
"We are all ordered out by an order
from headquarters."
The strike is ordered by Sargent, General
Chief of the Brotherhood of Firemen,
and applies to the New York Central and
West Shore roads. The strike
may extend to other roads tonight.
Switchmen and Brakemen Go Out.
Albany, August 13. The Delaware
and Hudson switchmen and brakemen
have gone out and the road is tied up.
About 150 Michigan Central men were
sent west from Albany at 11 o'clock to
move freight for the New York Central.
General Manager Young, of the Delaware
and Hudson railroad, said the
strike on that road only included freight
handlers, switchmen, and yardmen in
the Albany yard.
A Conference at Albuquerque.
Albuquerque, N. M., August 13. A
Committee representing the Yard
masters, Switchmen, Conductors and
Brakemen of the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad, came in today to confer with
General Manager Robinson. There are
nearly twenty delegates in all, embracing
the passenger service as well. All
members of the Committee are extremely
reticent in regard to their business
here, but there is no doubt it is in connection
to the schedule of wages in force
now on the Santa Fe and other lines.
The Conference will be held tomorrow
morning.
Sargent Declines to Talk.
Terre Haute, August 13. Grand Master
Sargent, of the Brotherhood of Locomotive
Firemen left at noon for Cleveland
to meet with the Grievance Committee,
but whether or not in connection
with the Central strike is not known.
At national headquarters here a positive
statement was made that he had not
ordered the firemen to strike. When
seen by an Associated Press representative
yesterday, Sargent said it was out of
the question for the Brotherhood to
engage in a strike as the case stood.
WILLOW WELDERS.
Chicago, August 13. Today's Brotherhood
game was a good pitcher's game,
and Chicago won after exciting play.
Attendance, 950. Score: Chicago 4,
Pittsburgh 2. Batteries: Baldwin and
Boyle, Sialey and Quinn.
Boston, August 13. After a hard
fight the Boston Brotherhood won by
bunching their hits. Attendance, 2550.
Score: Boston 8, Philadelphia 7. Batteries
Gilroy, Gumbert and Murphy,
Sanders and Milligan.
Cleveland, August 13. The Cleveland
Brotherhood won with ease today.
Attendance, 600. Score: Cleveland 12,
Buffalo 8. Batteries O'Brien, McGill
and Sutcliffe, Cunningham and Mack.
New York, August 14. The New
York Brotherhood won by superior all
around play today. Attendance, 2850.
Score: New York 6, Brooklyn 3. Batteries:
Keefe and Lowe, Hemming
and Kinslow.
Boston, August 13. Heavy hitting by
the Brooklyn League in the fourth inning,
aided by errors of the Boston's,
gave the game to the visitors. Attendance,
3500. Score: Brooklyn 7, Boston 0.
Batteries: Terry and Chirk, Getzlein and
Ganzel.
Cincinnati, August 13. The visiting
League team won today by bunching
their hits. Attendance, 2300. Score:
Cincinnati 4, Chicago 0. Batteries.
Mullane and Harrington, Lubin and
Nagle.
Cleveland, August 13. The home
team won in the League by heavy hitting.
Attendance, 600. Score: Cleveland 20,
Pittsburgh 9. Batteries Young
and Zimmerman, Osborn and Decker.
New York, August 13. The home
League team, though outfielding and
outbatting its opponents, lost today's
game. Attendance, 7500. Score: New
York 3, Philadelphia 5. Batteries
Burkett and Shortt, Clark, Gleason
and Clements.
AN ARIZONA EVICTION.
The McDowell Reservation has been
occupied for many years by a number
of Mexicans who have cleared small
patches of land along the Verde river,
in the lowlands, and have raised crops of
hay and corn, beans, etc., taking out
from the river small ditches for irrigation
purposes. One of these farmers
has been there for twenty years. Years
ago a notice was given all civilians on
the reservation to pack up and leave,
but no attention was paid to the command.
Several weeks ago another and
more peremptory notice was served,
giving the settlers until August 13 to
leave or be evicted by force. The order
has been heeded and the reservation is
no doubt now clear, though several
farmers had considerable patches of
corn, pumpkins, etc., and not a few
fruit trees. The houses are all of adobe
and not of much value. It seems hard
upon the expelled squatters, but they
thoroughly understood that they were
upon the reservation only by sufferance.
RACES AND BALL GAMES
SUBJECTS THAT INTEREST AM,
LOVERS OF SPORT.
Large Attendance at the Races at San Jose
Third Day at Rochester Another Big
Stake.
San Jose, August 13. There was a
big crowd at the races today. First
race, handicap sweepstakes for all ages,
three-quarters of a mile Syd won,
Alfarata and Revolver dead heat for
second place. Time, 1:15.
Second race, two-year-olds, seven
eighths of a mile Kyro won, Duke second.
Time, 1:30 1/2.
Third race, three-year-olds, one and
one-eighth miles Raindrop won, Captain
Al second. Time, 1:57.
Fourth race, selling, mile heats
Tycoon won in two heats, Liadeau second.
Best time, 1:42.
Good Trotting and Pacing.
Rochester, August 13. In the 2:19
trot, $2000 divided, Mambrino Maid won,
Hendry second, J. H. Shedd third,
Goldenrod fourth. Best time, 2:18.
In the 2:27 class, $2000 divided, Al-
mont Wilkes won, Kerkee second, Abbie
S third, Silas Boy fourth. Best time.
2:19.
Free for all pace, $1500, Adonis won,
Gossip Jr. second, Jewett third. Best
time 2:16.
Breeder's Stake.
Terre Haute, Ind., August 13. The
Vigo Agricultural Financial Secretary
today decided to offer a $10,000 guaranteed
stake for trotting foals of '90, mile
heats, best three in five, to be trotted in
August '94, over the Superb mile track
at Terre Haute. Five thousand dollars
to first. $2500 to second. $1500 to third
and $1000 to fourth horse, with $1000
cash to the breeder of the winner.
Nominations to be made November
1st, '90.
HIGH REAL ESTATE DEAL.
New York, August 12. Cyrus Field
has sold to Charles Henry Butler 700
acres of his magnificent Ardsley Park,
at Dobb's Ferry, N. Y. Consideration,
in the neighborhood of $1,000,000.
SIDE OF THE KNIGHTS.
IT IS SET FORTH BY THEIR LEADING
OFFICIAL ORGAN.
The Grievance Against the New York
Central Management Two Broken
Agreements the Moving Cause.
Philadelphia, August 13. The following
will appear in this week's Journal Knights
of Labor: "On account of misleading
reports made concerning the employees
of the New York Central and
its District Assembly No. 240, we present
the following explanation of the
situation: Last November the men employed
in the train service of the New
York Central presented a petition to the
company requesting pay for all time in
excess of twelve hours per day at the
rate of wages they were receiving at
that time. The men were willing to
perform twelve hours for one day's pay,
which any fair-minded person will concede
is more hours than laboring men
or craftsmen should be required to perform.
The company in response to the
demand entered into an agreement to
pay the men for all overtime in
excess of twelve hours at a slight
reduction on the rate of wages by the
day, which agreement, was signed by the
President of the road, Chauncey M.
Depew, and lived up to for two months
and was then broken by the company.
When the company employees waited on
the officers of the corporation at that
time to inquire as to why the agreement
was not lived up to they were coolly
informed that the agreement was obnoxious
to the company, inasmuch, as they,
the officers, did not realize at the time of
making it the large amount of money it
was going to cost. Another agreement
made by the corporation with its
employees was also ruthlessly broken. The
company through its officers agreed to
give preference in the line of work or
promotion to employees on the principle
of seniority, when the senior in service
was competent to perform the duties required.
Not satisfied with breaking these
two agreements the company has gone
further and now dismissed from its service
many of its oldest and most experienced
men. The real reason for the discharge
seems to lie in the fact that the
men are union men.
The article concludes with charges of
collusion between Depew and Webb to
clear out the Knights of Labor, the
charge being based upon the fact that
Depew went abroad this summer.
Noted Breach of Promise Suit.
Lewes, August 13. Sensational breach
of promise action was finished today.
The plaintiff was Miss Gladys Knowles,
a niece of Sir Francis Knowles, bart, a
young lady of 21, and the defendant,
Leslie Fraser Duncan, aged 64. Duncan
has been condemned to pay the sum of
$50,000 damages as a consolation for
Miss Knowles broken heart.
County Recorder's Office.
Reported daily by Greene & Wood, Abstractors.
The following instruments were yesterday
filed for record in the office of the County
Recorder:
Rebecca S. Lintz to Virginia G. Cobb Part
of lots 7 and 9, in block 8, Lintz Addition to
Phoenix. Consideration, $100.
Annie J. Brennan to John K. Loosley Lots 1
and 2 and 1/2 of NE4, section 3, township 1, N,
R2E. Consideration, $3000.
United States to Casner H. Itlehart Lots 3
and A and 8 of NW of section 4, township 1