THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: SATURDAY MORNING, MAY 10, 1903.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.
PUBLISHED BY THE
ARIZONA PUBLISHING CO.

GEO. W. VICKERS. Pres. and Gen. Mgr.

Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press In Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes In Arizona. Publication office: 36-38 East Adams
street. Telephone No. 47.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the Second
class.

resign because Mr. Herbert Welsh and
a few others looked upon the world
through green glasses, was foolish as well as vain.

SUBSCRIPTION RATES.

By mail, daily, one year $6.00
Weekly, one year 2.00

Cash in advance.

BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month
75 cts.

Arizona visitors to the Coast will find
The Daily Republican on sale at the following places in Los Angeles: Hollenbeck hotel news stand, and B. F. Gardner, 305 South Spring street.

UNION LABEL

PHOENIX, ARIZONA, MAY 16, 1903

Herbert Welsh and His Kind.
Among the Associated Press dispatches printed in the Republican yesterday morning was one of more than ordinary interest describing a requisition upon the war department by Mr. Herbert Welsh of Philadelphia for greater publicity of the report of General Miles upon the affairs of the Philippines, and especially of that part of the report descriptive of the outrages committed upon the natives by the American soldiery.
Mr. Welsh is not widely known to fame. He is said to be a gentleman of respectable antecedents and he is moreover the publisher of "City and State," a weekly paper devoted to the exploitation of ideas which a tolerant age does not attempt to confine to retreats set apart for the mentally afflicted.
Mr. Welsh has been for some time engaged in propagating illusions concerning the conduct of military operations in the Philippines and the administration of the army by the war department. "City and State" of a week ago invited the passing attention of all persons interested in noting how each succeeding age of human development reduplicates the phenomena of earlier periods and gives its own demonstration of the fact that there is nothing new under the sun.
In that issue "City and State" reiterated an earlier demand for the retirement of Secretary Root from the head of the war department. This reiteration was based upon the assertion that Mr. Root had sought to "bury the Miles report," as a year ago the secretary "sought to bury the report of Major Gardener on the terrible condition of the Filipinos of Batangas province."
Mr. Welsh, with admirable faith in his own superior judgment as a critic of his countrymen's motives, saw fit to reprint an argument which he reminded the world he had originally given expression to in a letter to the president last December, "laying before him circumstantial evidence of a strong character to show that torture had been extensively used as a policy under our flag in the Philippines to attain a military end." This letter then propounded the following entertaining syllogism:
Either the charge was true or a conspiracy existed to defame the flag, into which army officers of high rank, subalterns, soldiers, American newspaper editors in Manila and American teachers in the Philippines entered. As the latter supposition was incredible there was really no explanation to give of the situation but the former. Therefore Secretary Root must resign.
This much of the nonsense is cited merely to draw attention to the truth already hinted at, that each period of advance in a nation's progress, when it necessarily departs from the beaten track and presses toward along uncharted courses, trusting to long-tested principles to keep it from going astray, witnesses the protests of those men of little faith, in whose astigmatic eyes all that is bold is dangerous.
The temptation is great to put down such captious critics as Mr. Welsh and those few who agree with him, often men of culture and earnest men, as beings to whom every venture which is made for the sake of having, and every victory won because men of braver spirits dared to try, and thereby shamed those who only looked on and sneered, are only things to be criticised in terms of envy and malice. But such a judgment is unnecessary as well as unfair. These strange men are not necessarily ashamed of their country or men lacking in patriotism as they understand it. They are simply men forced by their peculiar mental construction to differ from those who reason normally and who have a fairly clear conception of the great principles which govern human development.
They think that because the world differs from them the world must be wrong. Every age has known them and sometimes the age halts for a moment and listens to them. But in the end the listeners take up their march again and achieve that which the doubters, the men of little faith, also profit by.
And so it will be with the anti-Imperialists of the present day. Their descendants will admit in the end that

Reservoirs and Religion.
We have been given to understand that an effort was made yesterday to inject the subject of irrigation into the proceedings of the Presbyterian assembly; that a resolution was prepared in favor of the San Carlos reservoir site.
We were also gratified, wholly for the sake of the Presbyterian church of this town, to learn that nothing came of it.
It could not possibly have furthered the object sought by the men back of the resolution and it would certainly have done the church in this community immeasurable harm if a resolution of that kind had been adopted for the reason necessarily that there must have been in the background an opposition to the Tonto basin project, however speciously that opposition may have been concealed. One or the other of these reservoirs must be built first. It was understood that the subject would be taken up at the Los Angeles presbytery.
The movement was made we may presume ostensibly in behalf of the Indians of the reservation, which would be benefited by the construction of the San Carlos dam. The Presbyterian church happens to have a greater interest in the Indians of the reservation than any other religious organization, but there are members of the assembly from Pinal county who have a greater interest in the building of the San Carlos reservoir than they have in either the spiritual or the temporal welfare of the Indians.
We repeat that the adoption of such resolution would have been foolish and damaging to the church. It could have had no possible weight with the government which alone will determine where reservoirs shall be built and which also cares for the Indians and will continue to care for them in its own way.
At the time of the announcement of the Anglo-Japanese treaty Mr. Hay and Count Lamsdorff had some animated correspondence in regard to Manchuria. Count Lamsdorff said that Russia was in favor of the "open door," as "that principle is understood by the imperial government of Russia." This is the precise trouble with the Russian policy in regard to China. It is always according to the peculiar understanding of the Russian government, and nobody can find out beyond question what that understanding is. Every government outside that of Russia knows that the "open door" means that China shall remain open for trade to all comers on equal conditions. What Russia means by the phrase is subject to her understanding, and this understanding is an unknown quantity.
Some of the people of Gallatin, Tenn., cannot tolerate a rural letter carrier of color. They must have their letters and papers brought by a white man, or else they must shoot. We would like to believe that there are not many such people in Tennessee; but, at any rate, whether such people there are many or few, they are a terribly busy crowd. In Delaware there is a negro letter carrier who has been in service for the city of Wilmington, for most of his mature life. He is so popular that it is easy to imagine that he will not drop the office until he dies. He is what is called a political negro, too, and there are negro-haters in Delaware. A little sense on the part of those who hate a black man as such wholly as a matter of principle would not hurt them one bit. It might even enable them to live up to their white skins and be better citizens.

Your Wife
can be provided with an annual
income for life, in event of your
death, at less cost than you can
make the same provision for your
children.
The low rate makes very attractive this form of contract, devised
and introduced by The Mutual
Life Insurance Company of New
York.
On August 7 your illustrative case of New York took: Policy No. 100742 in favor of his wife. He paid first premium of $140 on September 1, 1902. He died. The Company at once paid his widow $109 and will continue to pay her that amount annually during the lives.
In writing for terms, state the
amount of annual income you would
like to provide for your wife, the
amount of cash you would like
returned and give the ages of both.
The Mutual Life Insurance
Company of New York,
Richard A. McCurdy, President.
SHIRLEY CHRISTY, Manager.
Phoenix, Ariz.

lies first in public opinion so emphatic and so determined to give men their rights under the law that the misguided sentimentalists who keep pouring the encouragement of praise on the leaders of coercion shall not prevail against it.
Where law rules idleness cannot last for any length of time in any civilized community, particularly in the United States. New York Sun.

Southern California Advertisements

LARGEST BANK IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.

Farmers & Merchants National Bank
Of Los Angeles, Cal.
Capital $1,000,000.00
Surplus 500,000.00
Bonds 2,000,000.00
Assets $8,943,656.99
March 10th, 1903

A DIRECTORS Isaias W. Hellman, W. H. Perry, Herman W. Hellman, Wm.
Lacey, I. N. Van Nuys, H. K. Huntington, J. Baruch, J. K. Francis, O. W.
Smith, J. A. Graves, I. W. Hellman, Jr., C. E. Thorn,
N. W. Stowell.

C. A. Lucormun, X

Specialist Deposit Department and Storage Vaults.

GERMAN-AMERICAN SAVINGS BANK

Cor. Main and Third Sts.
LOS ANGELES, CAL., FIRST DIST.
CAPITAL $200,000.00 ASSETS $3,700,000.00 SURPLUS $200,000.00

The largest Savings Institution in Capital and Surplus on the Pacific Coast out
side of San Francisco. Pay 4 per cent on deposits.
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS - M. N. Avery, President; Gail P. Johnson, Vice
President; C. N. Flint, Second Vice-President; P. V. Schumacher, Cashier; O. W.
Lichtenberger, Asst. Cashier; L. W. Ellis, A. C. Bilicke, H. W. Stoll, Victor
Hynes, Dr. Jos. Kurtz.

Deceased Wife's Sister Bill.
We learn with much pleasure that the British house of commons has just
passed the deceased wife's sister bill. It is always cheering to hear good news
from old friends, and we recall no old friend of more ancient and honorable
standing than the deceased wife's sister bill. After Sir Gilbert Parker, who
has charge of the sisters this time, had presented a petition signed by 73,000
women of Birmingham and that city's suburbs, the bill was passed the other
day by a vote of 161 to 84 votes.
This measure provides that a British
subject may marry his deceased wife's
sister, which is not now permitted.
It is not necessary to go into a discussion of the merits of the measure
here. Let it suffice to say that the bill
now goes to the house of lords, where
it will be neatly and tastefully shelved,
as it has been sixteen separate and
several times heretofore, for what reason no member of the house of lords
has ever been wise enough to be able
to explain. Chicago Record-Herald.

Testimonial for Doing Duty.
In the face of bitter and determined
opposition Circuit Attorney Folk has
done marvels in bringing the St. Louis
boodlers to justice. In doing so he has
shown himself to be a courageous and
conscientious public official.
To mark appreciation of his services
a citizens' committee has just proffered
to Mr. Folk a $15,000 testimonial. He
declines the gift with courteous thanks,
stating that he is willing to take no
other recompense for duty done than
that allotted as salary for the place he
holds. To the upright official there is
thus added in Mr. Folk the high-minded
citizen.
The combination is one to be desired
and expected. Both its desirability and
its rarity were suggested by a recent
public speaker in this city who lamented that "there are so many residents
and so few citizens." It is not necessary for all excellent citizens to get
into office to demonstrate themselves. If they will keep their interest firmly
in public affairs and act accordingly, men of the Folk efficiency will be so
common and constant in places of trust
that no idea of special testimonials will
even suggest itself. New York World.

CUMULATIVE SCIENCE.

If Mr. Cleveland would only be a little more explicit in his declaration of
intentions regarding the democratic
nomination for the presidency, there
might not be more happiness but there
would certainly be less uneasiness at
the newspaper offices of the Commoner
of Lincoln, Neb., and the Enterprise of
Phoenix, Ariz. This thing of "jumping
sideways" week after week is much
more wearing than a great grief. Until
Brother Bryan and Brother Bell have
presented enough reasons to satisfy
the most skeptical why Mr. Cleveland
cannot be nominated. They have satisfied all except themselves but they seem
apprehensive that the unexpected will
happen. So long as Mr. Cleveland
chooses to flirt with the nomination
they will be on tenterhooks. If he
would come out like a man and say that
he wants the nomination, then they can
roll up their sleeves and proceed to keep
him from getting it.

CURRENT COMMENT

How to Have Work.
The cure for the paralysis of industry
which is caused everywhere by the
locking of horns between employee and
employer is available whenever the
public is ready to apply it. It consists
of full protection for the thousands of
laborers who always prefer work to
idleness.

Protection, however, does not lie only
in lone sticks carried by the masses for
use in moments of positive violence. It

To know all there is to know about a
Sarsaparilla, take Ayer's. Your doctor
will say so, too. He knows.
J. C. Ayer Co.

"My dear, here is a very interesting
piece of information in the paper. It
says that a brick chimney 115 feet high
can sway ten inches in the wind without
endangering its safety."
"Of what interest is that? Are you
going to build a chimney?"
"Why, no, my dear. It's the interesting
character of the item that attracts me. You see what it leads to?"
"To the asylum for the insane, I suppose."
"No, my dear, not at all. But if a
chimney 115 feet high safely sways ten
inches, one twice as high can get out of
plumb twenty inches. Then one twelve
times as high can sway ten feet, and
one 120 times as high can swing 100
feet: and one 1200 times as high can
swing 1000 feet, and there, she's gone!
You can't interest that woman in any
thing that's really scientific." Cleveland Plain Dealer.

BROWNSBERGER

Home School of Bookkeeping & Graham Shorthand
653-655-657 West Seventh St., Los Angeles, Cal.
Pleasant study in the midst of the most beautiful home-like sur
roundings. Day and evening sessions.
Shorthand made easy by famous "Chalk Talks" by the Principal.
Machine at home free of charge. Spanish at low rates.
Every department under specialists.
Every graduate in a position. Ten teachers. Largest capacity in
the city. The Bookkeeping is the famous Budget System.
Send for illustrated Catalogue.

FLORIDA BROWNSBERGER, Principal.

Los Angeles
BUSINESS COLLEGE
22 West Third St., LOS ANGELES, CAL. Organized 1889
We are unable to supply the demand made on us for men
Stenographers and young women who understand Stenography and
Bookkeeping. We teach four distinct courses of study - Commercial,
Shorthand and Typewriting, Telegraphy and Assaying.
SPECIAL SUMMER SESSION.
Day and Evening Classes. Terms Reasonable.
Free, "What Our Boys Say." Every Home should have a Copy.

LOS ANGELES
PREFERRED LIST.
The purpose of this column is to supply the Arizona public with the name
and addresses of thoroughly reliable Los Angeles establishments. The list will
be found particularly valuable to those visiting the Coast. In dealing with Republican advertisers be sure to tell them where you saw the advertisement. They
will appreciate it and so will The Republican.

REGAL SHOES by Mail. James Janes Co. B. SSS WORKS
$3.75 PER PAIR, CARRIAGE CHARGES Telephone Main 875. Los Angeles, Cal.
PREPAID. All different fittings, 13 styles. ELECTRIC RAILROAD BRASS SUP-
Self-measurement blanks and spring vPPLY Co.. Brass steam fittings, brass
catalogue free upon request. valves, irrigation valves, office and bank
Los Angeles Store, 222 W. Third St. radiums, plumbers specialties. Prompt
A. S. ANDERGRIFT, Manager. attention given to all brass work.
Bras?, and bronze castings. BUYERS OF
ARNOTT COMPANY, Los Angeles. Cal. AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, SCRAP BRASS and COPPER.
Vehicles, Farm Machinery. Mail PATENTS
orders solicited. Write for catalogue. PATENTS. Copyrights, trade-marks.
Labels. U. S. and Foreign. Infringement
BUILDING AND LOAN ASS'NS. suits prosecuted and defended. Townsend
Bros., Bradbury blk., Los Angeles. Cal.

CARPETS AND RUGS.
T. BILLINGTON CO., 312-314 S. Broad- POULTRY SUPPLIES
way. Curtains, draperies, China and Jas- HENRI ALBERS, 315 S. Main St.
pan mattings. All kinds of floor cover- Los Angeles, Cal.
ings. Largest poultry supply house in Send for free catalogue.
So. California. Special attention to Arizona orders. HUMMEL BROS. & CO., 162-168 E. Second
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS St. Carefully selected help.
Hummel Bros. & Co., 162-168 E. Second FORTIN & HAWKINS
St. Large gangs a specialty. Both phones The Los Angeles Employment Agency,
Main 419. 104-106 N. Los Angeles st. Special attention to Arizona orders.
MRS. B. S. HAWLEY, 251 S. Broadway. BALLARD PULMONARY SANATORIUM.
Special attention to Arizona orders. Dr. H. Ballard, Medical Director.
Fortin & Hawkins. The Los Angeles Employment Send for pocketlet.
Agency. 104-106 N. Los Angeles St.

SANATORIUMS
PRIVATE HOME for ladies during confinement. Best of care. Homes found for
children. Mrs. Dr. C. E. Smith, 77 Bellevue av.

HOTEL DEL CORONADO
903 at Coronado Tent City.
Open June 1st. An ideal place for your summer vacation.
Everything a la Coronado.
Band concerts every evening. Golf, Tennis and all Sports. Dancing. Free
Library and Reading Room. Yachting.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO open all the year; costs no more than plainer
resorts. Summer rates by the week from $2.50 per day up.
A. H. BABCOCK, Mgr., Coronado Beach, Cal.
Los Angeles Agency, 200 So. Spring St.,
H. F. NORCROSS, Agent.
Special Railroad Rates from all Arizona Points.

THIS WEEK
STRAWBERRIES ARE AT THEIR BEST
Fancy Raspberry Wine Variety, 8c box. Lady Thompson, 8c box.
Send your fruit and vegetable orders to us. We can please you.
RIVERS BROS. & CO.
300 302, 304, 306 and 311 Temple Investment Bldg., Los Angeles, Cal.

When you visit SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
Take the trolley rides about Los Angeles to MT. LOWE, LONG BEACH,
SAN GABRIEL MISSION, BALDWIN'S RANCH, PASADENA and MONROVIA.
For descriptive booklet and particulars write agent Pacific Electric
Railway, 20 S. Spring St., Los Angeles.

HOTEL CATALINA
423 So. Broadway, Los Angeles. Convenient to all street cars, theaters, and the
electric lines to the beach-houses. Elevator, bell service. Suites with baths. We cater
to the Arizona trade. ALEXANDER & ROLAND, Proprs.

The Most Beautiful
Month of the Year.

HOTEL
CASA LOMA,
Redlands, California.

The Palace Cafe and Restaurant!
Opposite the Natatorium Hotel.

ARIZONIANS HEADQUARTERS
Concerts every day from 12 to 1:30, from 6 to and from 8 to 12 nightly.
Reft kitchen in connection. Imported and domestic beers on draught.
SCHNEIDER & FIEBER, Proprietors.

The Best Accommodations.
The Dryest Climate.
The Purest Air.
The Grandest Scenery.
In Southern California.

NO CONSUMPTIVES TAKEN

ONE of THE
HOTEL REDONDO
REDONDO BEACH, CAL.
Is being put in gala attire for the summer season. Hotel is managed by the
Redondo Hotel Company along liberal lines. Every modern comfort. All
forms of outdoor and indoor amusements, frequent electric service from
Second and Spring streets, Los Angeles, at all hours of day and night. Reasonable rates. Address REDONDO HOTEL COMPANY, Redondo City.

Levy's Dining Parlors
Thoroughly modern, centrally located, excellently equipped, skillfully man
aged, popularly priced.
LEVY'S
110 W. Third St. . .203 S. Main.
Los Angeles, Cal.

HOTEL WILSON
126 WEST FIRST STREET

Money to Loan at Low Rates
For building or on improved city prop
erty or in good, outside towns.
JUST WHAT YOU WANT
New plan of payment. Interest de
creases if you pay. Our loans are made
and are paid off same as with a bank.
Only you pay monthly. You do not mature stock to pay off a loan as in other
building and loan associations. A borrower can pay off a loan any time with
out notice, penalty or forfeiture. If you
want a loan call on or write our agents.
E. E. PASCOE, Phoenix.
J. ERNEST WALKER, Phoenix, or
MARTIN DALE & BORNÉ & CO.,
Prescott, or
A. ORFILA or WILLIS P. HAYNES,
Tucson.

State Mutual Building & Loan Association
C. J. WADE, Sec., 141 S. Broadway,
Los Angeles, Cal.

When U R at
CATALINA
see the McLEAN VILLAS.
Cool, restful, neatly furnished, day, week,
month or year. Cottages for rent.
Prop., J. D. McLean, Carpenter, Avalon, Cal.

SYCAMORE GROVE
Remodeled and newly furnished. Centrally located. All street cars pass
hotel. Rates 50c up. European plan.
LEWIS GRANT, Proprietor.

When in Los Angeles patronize

JAPANESE NURSERYMEN AND FLORISTS.
Wholesale and Retail. Arizona orders
carefully filled.
JAPANESE NURSERY CO.,
J. M. Sota, Prop.
117 W. Jefferson St., Los Angeles, Cal.

NURSERIES
Office, 440 S. Broadway,
Los Angeles, Cal.
Largest stock of trees in the West.
Eucalyptus, Acacias, Peppers, Cypress,
etc., Palms, shrubs and fruit trees of
every description. Catalogues free.
Special attention given to Arizona
orders.

HOTEL BROADWAY-BAY
Convenient to all Car Lines, Theatres, Shopping District, etc. European
plan. Newly refitted, and up-to-date service. GEO. A. EASTMAN, Proprietor

Piano Player
The Cecilian

Do You Want Money?
Save It!
25c Per Day.
Invested In the Phoenix Building and
Loan Association pays for 10 shares,
par value $1,000. Now is the time to
open an account. New series just open
ed. Call upon the secretary and he
will explain this plan, office 12 N.
Center St.

R. H. GREENE,
Secretary,
43 N. Center St.

The simplicity with which the
Cecilian is operated, its freedom
from any mechanical-like
sound, its beautiful, non-bulky
appearance, and, above all, its
possession of a new feature
found in no other player the
Double Tracker Board, which
places the entire musical li
brary of every other piano play
er attachment at the disposal
of the owner of a Cecilian
makes it plain that the only
piano player for you to invest
in is THE CECILIAN.
GEO. J. BIRKEL CO.

Steinway and Fischer Dealers for
Southern California
357-359 S. Spring St.
Los Angeles, Cal.

HOTEL ANTLERS
Los Angeles, Cal.
(Rooms only); strictly first-class; new
building and furniture; all outside
sunny rooms; single or en suite. Rates
per week and up.
421-423 W. FOURTH ST.
Phone 2603

Hotel Savoy
MRS. A. E. BARTRAM, Mgr.
106 South Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
Opposite Chamber of Commerce.

The PIONEER ROLL PAPER CO.
Los Angeles, Cal.
Are the largest Manufacturers of
Ready Roofing and
Building Papers
On the Coast. Our brands are well known :
Ready Rock, Marble-Face, Granite, Rubber Sanded, Rubber Sheaving.
Send for Samples and Prices.

SANTA CATALINA ISLAND
3½ hours from Los Angeles, Cal.
SEASON: The same Great Band Augmented. The old and
many new natural attractions.
HOTEL COLUMBIA,
612 S. Broadway. Los Angeles, Cal.
Very central, light airy rooms. 50 cents
to $1 per day. Special rates by the week
or month. Community kitchen and
roof garden.

Rooms Single or En Suite Home Phone 2700
With or Without Private Baths Sunset Phone 1602
Free Public Baths Brown 1012
Hot water all the time!
HOTEL JOHNSON
123 E. Fourth St., one door east of Westmoreland
Los Angeles, Cal.
J. MILTON FLECK, PROP'R
Rates Reasonable. By Day, Week or Month.

CANVAS CITY. - The most perfect institution of its kind in the
world. Hundreds of model striped tents, high walls, awnings and fine floors.
Floors and housekeeping equipment entirely new this season at a cost
of $10,000.
Beautiful shade trees; macadamized streets; pure mountain water.
A modern park; complete crematory. Perfect sanitary drainage system.
THE ISLAND VILLA. 100 cottages without board.
THE HOTEL METROPOLIS. Modern in all particulars. All electric lighted
and under our exclusive management.
Daily steamers from San Pedro wharves. Descriptive circulars from Banning
Co., 222 S. Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal., or J. B. Banning, general superin
tendent Santa Catalina Island Co., Avalon, Cal.

HOTEL COLORADO
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
An elegantly furnished family hotel.
Rooms (rooms only). Best beds in town.
Rooms, single or en suite. Everything
new. Rates $2.50 per week and up.
One block from Central Park. 621 S.
Broadway.

Kodaks and Photo Supplies
We make a specialty of Developing, Printing and Enlarging.
Mail Orders given Prompt Attention. Send for Catalogue.
HOWLAND & CO., 213 Spring St.

THE IMPERIAL
The largest and best establishment of its kind on the Pacific coast. Seating capacity 1,200. The best orchestra. The cuisine best on earth. Popular
prices. Music all day, which helps to digest your meals. 243 S. Spring St. and
S. Broadway, Los Angeles. F. J. COTTA.