ARIZONA
REPUBLICAN
AN INDEPENDENT PROGRESSIVE JOURNAL
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JULY 9, 1913
10 PAGES
VOL. XXIV. NO. 51
TWENTY-FOURTH YEAR
10 PAGES

ANSWER FILED
BY RIDGWAY IN
THE SLOAN SUIT

New York Publishers Reply to Action of Former
Governor of Arizona Relating to "Uncle Sam,
Lawbreaker"
DENY ANY MALICIOUSNESS
Charge Former Executive
of Territory Held Office
Only by Appointment and
That Law Practice Was
Only Incident
(Special to The Republican.)
NEW YORK, July 8. The Ridgway
company has filed in the federal district
court its answer in a libel suit
brought against it by Richard K. Sloan,
former governor of Arizona, on account
of certain statements contained in an
article entitled "Uncle Sam Lawbreaker." The company admits the publication,
but denies that the article was
published wantonly, maliciously, or unlawfully. It denies also that former
Governor Sloan has always enjoyed a
good reputation, personally or as a
lawyer. It says that he had almost continuously held public office by appointment and not by election and that from
1889 to 1894 and from 1897 to 1900 he
was associate judge of the supreme
court of the territory of Arizona and
from May 1, 1900 to February 10, 1912,
he was governor of the territory of
Arizona and from August 27, 1912 to
the date of the publication of the
article, he was United States district
judge for Arizona.
During these periods, it alleged
that the only practice of law in which
he was engaged was coincidentally
with the performance of the duties of
judge or governor, and that "his reputation, professional, official and personal, has been and is most notoriously
bad."
Consequently it is contended the
publication of the article cannot have
damaged the plaintiff's reputation for
integrity, honesty and impartiality, and
so it is asked that the suit be dismissed.
o
SEVEN HUNDRED BURNED.
ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH.
SALONIKI, July 8. Father Michael,
superior of the French Catholic mission at Kilkish confirms the report of
massacres committed in that district
by Bulgarian irregulars. In one instance they burned to death 700 men
belonging to Kurkut by imprisoning
them in a mosque under which they
exploded bombs setting the building on
fire. Previously they assembled the
victims' wives and daughters to witness
the spectacle. Even more terrible
scenes were enacted at Killish Planitza
and at Ranovo women were also
burned to death. Father Michael asserts that among the irregulars responsible for the atrocities were business and professional men and students
from Sofia.

MITCHELL TELLS OF
EXPLOSIVE ON RAILS

Manager of Street Railway
Company Says the Cars
Were Withdrawn at
Night Because of Danger
to Passengers
That a quantity of explosive sufficient to have blown the entire
front end off a street car, was placed
on the track of the Washington
street line between Seventh and
Eighth avenues, early last evening,
is the charge made by Manager S.
H. Mitchell of the Phoenix Railway
company. Only for the fact that a
powerful headlight revealed the presence of a package upon the track
and caused the motormen to bring
the car to a stop before the danger
point was reached prevented what
might have been a serious incident
of the present strike.
According to Mr. Mitchell he had
determined to make the attempt to
run his cars in the evening for the
first time since the carmen went out
over two weeks ago. He had been
asking for further police and sheriffs
protection, but, in his estimation he has never been afforded an
adequate force of officers to combat
the disorderly element.
"We attempted to run the cars in
the evening," said Mr. Mitchell last
night, "and our cars and the men
operating them received stones,
bricks and eggs at five different
places. The switch at Seventh avenue
and Washington street was
blocked and would have caused derailment if the fact had not been
discovered before an attempt was
made to run a car over that point.
"And then came the climax of the
attempt to run cars at night with
the discovery of a package of explosive sufficient to have blown the

DOCTOR FACES
ARSON CHARGES

SAN DIEGO, July 8. A warrant
served on Dr. F. M. Madison today,
was issued on a complaint charging
him with arson in the first degree for having set the Night Hotel
building at 6th and E streets on
fire. In interviews to reporters
today the doctor protested his innocence and said he would prove
an alibi. He will be brought into
court on a preliminary examination
tomorrow. The police are looking
for another man who is suspected
of having taken part in an attempt
to burn the hotel.
Oil Land Suits
Delayed Until
Court Reconvenes
ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH.
WASHINGTON, July 8. The trial of
the government's suit in Los Angeles,
California, for the recovery of $500,000,000 worth of oil lands held by the
Southern Pacific probably will be delayed until the supreme court of the
United States has decided the suit of
Edmond Burke and other private litigants against the railroad.
This was indicated by the department
of justice today, although the final decision will not be reached until Attorney General McReynolds has received
a report from Attorney Townsend, special assistant in charge of the case,
which is pending on a demurrer. The
Burke suit which is one of the important cases left over by the supreme
court for probable decision in the fall,
involves, it is said, the same issues as
the government action. The lower
courts, it is pointed out, will hardly be
willing to decide the government's case
until the supreme court has rendered
a decision. The government is endeavoring to recover the lands on the
ground the patents of the railroad company's grants excepted oil lands.
o
JAPS AGAIN BARRED
DENVER, July 8. A delegation of
Japanese today notified the city authorities they would appeal to the
ambassador of their government
against the order issued by Otto
Thum, commissioner of property, this
afternoon, barring Japanese from
bathing on the beaches of the city
parks. The Japanese declare the order
is a violation of their treaty rights.
Thum's order, which also bars negroes on the beaches, resulted, he
declares, from a number of protests
from white swimmers.
ANOTHER MORO CONFLICT
WASHINGTON, July 8. A hair-raising story of a hand-to-hand conflict with spear-hurling Moro savages in a battle to the death on an isolated mountain top with no quarter given or expected was cabled to
the war department from the Philippines today by Major General Bell.
o
DE LA BARRA RESIGNS
MEXICO, July 8. Francisco De
La Barra resigned as minister of
foreign affairs today. He may go
abroad as announced some weeks ago
but possibly may return to Toluca,
the capital of the state of Mexico,
to complete his term of governor to
which office he was elected early in
the year.
entire front end off the car. The
explosive was manufactured by some
amateur who purchased the constituents at some drug store. It was
of the same material as the toy
bombs are made, but the quantity
was such that serious damage if not injury to human beings would have
resulted if the car wheels had come
in contact with it.
"I have the package at the office
and will endeavor to learn where it
was purchased and by whom. There
was other disorder when I tried to
operate a Brill car. Some hoodlums
egged the car and threw stones at
it and I was obliged to discontinue
that line.
"I should think the business men
of Phoenix would awaken to a realization that it is not a good advertisement for Phoenix to have the
reports go out of the acts of these
hoodlums. I cannot operate cars if
these depredations continue and they
will probably continue so long as I
am not afforded the protection I have
been requesting."
There were no new developments
yesterday in the situation as far as
the carmen are concerned. The executive committee of the carmen's
union is marking time so far as the
actual strike is concerned, but incidentally is working hard to secure
data concerning the operation of autobus lines in some of the larger
cities of the east with the end in view
of presenting a proposition to the
common council looking to the establishment of a municipal line in
this city. They disclaim any connection with the disorderly acts and
decry lawlessness as much as does
Mr. Mitchell and the general public.
The automobile service of the Carmen's union is being continued daily
and the patronage is liberal and increasing although a ten cent fare is
charged.

LAKE SQUALLS
WRECK HYDROS
FAR FROM LAND
Two of Three Machines
Which Start Out from
Chicago to Fly Over Lake
Michigan to Detroit Fall
into Waves
ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH.
CHICAGO, July 8. Two of the
three hydro aeroplanes which started
from Chicago today to fly to Detroit
were wrecked over Lake Michigan by
squalls and fell into the waves far
from land. Anthony Jannus, of St.
Louis, and his mechanic, Paul McCullough, in a Benoist plane, were picked
up off South Chicago by the steam
sand dredger Dahlke; Walter Johnson, of Bath, New York, flying a
Thomas, alone, was rescued near
Whiting, Ind., by the South Chicago
United States life saving crew. The
Jannus machine was abandoned, but
the life savers brought Johnson's
Thomas craft to the shore and he may
be able to resume the flight.
Beckwith Havens, in a Curtiss, carrying as a passenger J. P. H. Verplanck, of Fishkill, N. Y., the owner
of the machine, reached Michigan
City in safety, the only one of the
ten aviators who originally succeeded in making a start to make the
first lap.
Jannus was the first to leave Chicago, and Havens followed ten minutes later. Johnson's start was delayed by engine trouble. Jannus had
trouble from the start. He ran into
a thunderstorm with fierce squalls
when he had covered about half the
distance, and his machine was forced
to descend, but the lake was so rough
that it was only with difficulty that
Jannus and McCullough could keep
afloat. The men were paddling desperately in an effort to keep their
craft right side up when the dredger
steamed up to them and threw them
lines.
The rescue was just in time, as a
few minutes later such a squall
blew up that the Dahlke found it
impossible to tow the aircraft and
was obliged to cast it adrift. The
hydro-aeroplane drifted out of sight
in a few minutes, apparently a wreck
with both wings torn and broken.
Jannus and McCullough were almost exhausted. They were revived
in the cabin of the dredger and a
short time after were landed and
able to proceed to Chicago by train.
The rescue of Jannus and McCullough was seen by the United States
life saving crew which picked up
Johnson.
Johnson was able to make a landing on the water in good shape when
the life savers pulled out to him.
Engine trouble forced him to descend.
Beckwith Havens, who left Chicago
a few minutes before one o'clock,
dropped to smooth water at Michigan City harbor at 1:43. The distance
was about sixty miles via the air
route. Manatowoc Bay is the next
scheduled stop.
Johnson remained tonight at Whit
ing, Ind., and will start again tomorrow, it was announced at aviation
headquarters here tonight. Roy R.
Francis, of San Francisco, who failed
to get away on scheduled time will
start this morning from Chicago.

ALL PROPOSITIONS CARRY
IN WATER USERS' ELECTION

Light Vote Cast. Less Than One-sixth
of the Acreage Represented
Phoenix and Murphy Districts Vote
Proposition Number One

In a vote of less than one-sixth of the total acreage under the Salt
River project, 146,000 acres, the voters declared by three to one in favor of
taking over the operation of the distributing system of the project. Two
districts voted against it, the district including Phoenix, Murphy and the land south of the river. The proposed
amendments to the articles of incorporation of the association were carried
by more than ten to one.
The returns below do not indicate the vote except by acreage, but it was
very light. At noon at this polling place only eleven water users had voted.
The lightness of the vote is accounted for by the fact that farmers were generally
busy with hay down and rain clouds in the air. The vote is regarded
as only advisory.

The table below indicates the various propositions only as again printed in the order in which
they appeared on the official ballot:

"Shall the Water Users' Association
Shall the Water Users' Association
of the Salt River project take over
and operate and maintain at their own expense?
"Amendments to Articles of Incorporation
"No. 1. Shall Article IV, Section 1, of the Articles of Incorporation be
amended so as to permit the association to engage in the business of selling
and transmitting power for other than irrigation purposes and for profit?
"No. 2. Shall Article XIII, Section 1, of the said articles be amended
so that the additional cost of lifting water above the gravity level may be
assessed against all lands benefiting thereby?
"No. 3. Shall Article XIII, Section 1, of the said articles be amended so that
all lands for which water service is available may be assessed for maintenance and operation?"
THE VOTE BY DISTRICTS
To Take Over Distribution. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation

Dist. For Against For Against For Against For Against
1st
2nd
3rd
4th
5th
6th
7th
8th
9th
10th
11th
Total vote cast: District 1, ...; District 2, ...; District 3, ...; District 4, ...;
District 5, ...; District 6, ...; District 7, ...; District 8, ...; District 9, ...;
District 10, ...; District 11, ...

Closing of Doors of Four
Banks in Pittsburg District Makes Little Impression Following Statement from McAdoo
PITTSBURGH, July 8. To the decisive, sharp-cut statement of Secretary of the Treasury McAdoo issued last night is attributed the restoration of almost normal conditions in financial circles in Pittsburgh
tonight despite the closing of the doors of the First Second National
yesterday, an institution that had been accredited one of the strongest
in the country. The closing of the First Second was naturally followed
by a suspension of its affiliated bank, the First National of McKeesport
and the appointment of receiverships for the banking house of J. S.
and W. S. Kuhn, incorporated, and a like action for the American Waterworks Guarantee company.
Another of the Kuhn interests affected was the Pittsburgh Bank for
Savings which also suffered somewhat from the complications, a run
being started yesterday chiefly by the small depositors. This continued
in somewhat greater magnitude early today but appeared to abate as the
day wore on.
Small groups of depositors entered the bank and were promptly
paid upon demand as yesterday and were required to give the legal notice of 30, 60 or 90 days to withdraw other amounts above the stated figures. Yesterday $37,000 was withdrawn from the bank while the deposits were $20,000. About noon an announcement was made that J. S.
Kuhn, the president and W. S. Kuhn, the vice president, had resigned and W. J. Jones, the former secretary-treasurer, was made president with A. N. Voegtly, the former assistant to Jones, secretary, while R. M.
Plummer, the auditor was made vice president.
From the time this announcement was made the run perceptibly abated
and the crowd disappeared until at closing time the vicinity of the bank
differed from no other business day. The expected statements as to the
American Waterworks and Guarantee company were not forthcoming
today and the delay is attributed to the delay in the appointment of a
fourth receiver. No developments were announced from the First Second National and today little is expected until Receiver C. C. Murray
has had an opportunity to assemble the assets and has been enabled to

(Continued on Page Two)

EYE WITNESS OF
HARRIS MURDER
HAS BEEN FOUND

His Identity is Not Made
Public, But He Tells
Startling Story of the
Killing of Arizona East
ern Special Policeman
The discovery of an alleged eye-witness
to the killing of Special Policeman
Charles Harris, the unearthing of positive evidence that Ygnacio Martinez
now a prisoner at the county jail, was
a companion of Francisco Garcia in
the holding up of William Connelley
and the subsequent attack on the officer, and the arrest by the police of
"Sacramento" Yerrdugo, for whom a
search has been in progress from the
moment of the discovery of the body of
the railroad officer, were the developments of yesterday in the work of the
authorities in clearing up what remains
as a mystery of the murder of Harris.
That any human being outside of
those directly connected with the affairs was in the immediate vicinity
when Harris received his death wound,
was not known until yesterday morning when a mysterious individual, of
the genus hobo, admitted that he was
within twenty-five or thirty feet of
Harris when he fell and that, fearing
he might be suspected of complicity in
the crime, had hidden out until he felt
secure from arrest. The authorities
are reticent about discussing the incident and did not yesterday reveal the
name of the man, who if his story
proves true, will be the star witness at
the trial of Garcia, as well as of his
companions if they are apprehended.
On the face of the story told by the
wanderer, there is much that is given
credence. He says that he had wandered along the tracks late Saturday
night looking for a comfortable spot in
which to snatch a few winks of sleep.
He had no money and finally just south
of the Star Hoteling House and a few
feet from the main line track of the
Arizona Eastern he stretched himself
upon a little plot of grass. He had been
asleep, so he says, and awakening saw
five men, apparently dragging the body
of a man back of the freight cars
standing two tracks away. A minute
later he saw three men stop a fourth
man on the tracks at South First
street and take something from him.
The man was an easy victim, he
claims, but the holdup men had hardly
completed their work when there came
the flash of a searchlight from around
a car and an officer with gun drawn
appeared.
With the three hold up men taken
unawares, says the man, the officer
and the three outlaws almost came into
collision. There was a scuffle, in which
guns were discharged, probably seven
or eight shots being fired. And then
one man, who had disengaged himself
from the rest, suddenly loomed up in
front of the officer with uplifted hand.
There was a gleam as of a knife and
a groan from the policeman.
The policeman, according to the story,
did not fall at once, but with his gun
still in his hand turned as his assailant
started for the cars and sent a shot after him which brought him to his hands and he fell backwards.

(Continued on Page Six)

LOBBY PROBE IS
DRIVEN DEEPER

BY DAVID LAMAR

Committee Looks at Operations on Wall Street
Through Spectacles of
Operator on Bear Side of
the Market
TWO QUESTIONS
ARE INVOLVED
Says He Was Only Playing
Wall Street's Game When
He Made Frequent Use
of Telephone in Lauter-
bach's Behalf
ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPATCH
WASHINGTON, July 8. The senate
lobby committee took a look at
Wall Street today through the spectacles of David Lamar. Lamar, an
operator on the bear side who admits
he handled about in the market place
the names of men high in congress,
took the committee into his conduct.
For all the machinations he contrived after all he swore he had
but two reasons. He wished to cause
"an explosion" which would bring
Wall street men whom he felt were
antagonistic to him "into the open,"
and he wished to insure the reemployment of Edward Lauterbach,
his lawyer friend, who had fallen into
disfavor with the mighty of the street.
Although the committee tried to
develop that there might have been
some other consideration involved Lamar denied such allegation as often
as it was made. He was on the stand
for several hours, and although five
senators wielded the scalpel at various
times they uncovered nothing that
Lamar did not wish to reveal. He
was only playing Wall Street's game
he said when he made such frequent
use of the telephone and talked about
what might be done in Washington
through prominent members of congress. It is a game he has known
for most of the twenty-five years he
has been in the street, he said, but
he was through with it now. He
summed up the whole story in a few
words when he said:
"It was the Wall Street game I was
playing. In Wall Street you don't act
like you do on a New Jersey farm."
Later he added bitterly:
"I am the only villain in Wall
Street. All the others are actuated
by the highest motives and possess
the highest ideals."
Lamar's examination was finished
today and both he and Lauterbach
were allowed to go on the understanding that if wanted they should
appear again.
With their departure the committee
took up the sugar lobbying again for
three hours with a short excursion in
the land and wool lobby.
Charles D. Westcott, a Washington
attorney who lives in Cuba, took up
the sugar story again. He told of
an unsuccessful effort made to get
Cuban planters to put up $25,000 for
the expenses of a free sugar campaign in Washington to offset the
efforts of the anti-free sugar people.
He declared his effort failed after he
believed it was successfully launched
and gave it as his opinion that the
"sugar trust" had been responsible.
He said the trust accomplished this
end by influence exerted on Cuban
banks which could force the growers
to do what they wished by refusing
credit.
He added that the Agrarian League,
which every grower feels obliged
to belong to, was dominated by the
"trusts" and was acting in compliance
with the combines' wishes and had
opposed the free sugar campaign.
Westcott was put through a searching cross examination by Senator
Cummins about these statements.
Finally he said he personally did not
know about the trust domination of
Cuba, but his statements were made
on information given by the growers.
He read parts of a letter from
Chas. H. Hawley, president of the
Cuban American company which said
the allied trusts which Hawley said
opposed free sugar was arguing that
Cuba was benefited more from preferential tariff now enjoyed under the
reciprocity than she would from free
sugar.
Senator Cummins said he could not
understand the attitude of most men
on the sugar question but he could
not understand the attitude of many
men who were interested in securing
free sugar because it would benefit the Cuban planter. Westcott admitted that this was his principal object. He said he never expected to get a large fee to conduct the proposed campaign.
The committee room was filled all
day long by members of the senate
and house. Among the interested
spectators here for several hours was
Representative Finis J. Garrett, of
Tennessee, who is slated for the
chairmanship of the special house
committee which will be named tomorrow to investigate the Mulhall
charges. Wm. Whitman, of Boston,
is one of the men interested in wool
and is under subpoena and will take
the stand tomorrow morning before
the senate committee.