SCOTTSDALE VOTES
BONDS TO ERECT
NEW HIGH SCHOOL
Bonds for purchasing ground, building and equipping high school buildings for this district carried on Saturday at an enthusiastic election by a very large majority. The same progressive spirit that has predominated throughout the past two months, when the four-year course was voted on and again when the site was voted on, was shown Saturday, when 132 taxpayers of the district voted on the $73,000 bond issue. The people of the district realize that if Scottsdale is to progress it must have more and better-equipped buildings. The largest number that ever voted at an election in Scottsdale cast votes for it. At the last bond election in this district a number of years ago five votes were cast, so the ballot on Saturday proved how the district has grown.
The school board, consisting of Charles Miller, president: G. M. Loomis, clerk, and Walter Donn, member, are going to do their best to have the best for the money and at the same time build with the idea of adding on as conditions demand it. The board has given considerable time to the question of the proper kind of buildings and have visited the high schools of the valley and have a number of architects drawing plans and figuring on equipment. The people of the district can rest assured that the bond money will be economically spent.
Due to the rain, the W. O. W. team of Phoenix did not play the Blues yesterday, so a team of Indians from the Pima reservation played them a practice game before a large crowd. The Blues defeated them 11 to 4 in a fast game. According to the schedule of the Phoenix booking office, the Ford garage team of Phoenix will play the Blues here next Sunday at 2:30 p. m.
A special meeting of the local farm bureau was called by President Miller Saturday night for the purpose of discussing the cotton situation in regards to labor. Director E. O. Brown of the Arizona Cotton Growers’ association of Tempe, read the yearly report of the association and told of the plans to establish a camp in every district of 100 or more Mexicans and have a foreman in charge of said camp, and pick the cotton in that manner instead of each farmer housing the pickers on the ranch. He stated that the expense attached to this would be about one-fourth a cent a pound more. The farm bureau voted to endorse the plan, for the members thought it would be cheaper in the end. They also voted to endorse the plan of putting the labor tax on the seed at the rate not to exceed $2.25 a ton. This plan would enable the association to collect the money due without working a hardship on anyone. The meeting adjourned until Thursday night, April 6, when the regular monthly meeting will be held. A lot of business will come up at this meeting and every member and farmer is urged to be present. It is planned to have a special speaker for that evening.
Eighteen high school and grade girls left Scottsdale early Saturday morning on a hay ride for the desert north of Camelback mountain. They were chaperoned by Mrs. Robbins of the high school, and a lot of good things to eat occupied the wagon with them. When they reached the camping place a large fire was built and dinner cooked. Games were played and a happy day was enjoyed by all.
The girls plan to organize a girls’ reserve soon and enjoy many other hikes.
If the plan of the Scottsdale Athletic club matures, the club will stage a middleweight wrestling match Friday night between Indian Tommy Burns and a Phoenix wrestler to be named later. It is planned to stage the match at the blacksmith shop. Several boxing matches will precede the main event.
J. A. Wilson is seriously ill at his home and it will be several weeks before he will be able to work again.
A junior B. Y. P. U. was organized yesterday which will include all children from 7 to 12. It will meet every Sunday afternoon at the church at 3 o’clock. All boys and girls included in that age are invited to become members.
Mrs. Woods and her daughter, Margaret, motored to Tucson Sunday for a short visit. Torrey Smith drove the car for them.
Oscar Palmer left for Los Angeles yesterday for an extended stay.
ALHAMBRA CLUB
WILL MEET TODAY
ALHAMBRA, April 4.—The next meeting of the Alhambra Neighborhood club will be at the home of Mrs. Joseph Hoctor, Wednesday, April 5. Mrs. M. M. Thompson, Mrs. Frank Bogle, Mrs. Nettie Dawson, hostesses. The program will be in charge of Mrs. E. W. McDaniel, chairman of the department of applied education. Miss Louise Freeland will be present and deliver an address on “Thrift.” All members of the club are urged to be present, as Miss Freeland is an interesting speaker and the meeting will be a real worthwhile one.
C. D. Rundel has returned to Cleveland after having spent the winter with his family. Miss Elsie Schuster has also returned to Cleveland after spending the past few weeks with her aunt, Mrs. Geo. Rundel.
The next meeting of the farm bureau will be Friday night, April 7. The subject will be, “Weed Eradication, With Special Reference to Johnson Grass.” Program committee, Mr. Elliott, Krouse, Harlan.
Prof. K. C. Spratlin is back in school after an absence of a week on account of “flu.” Mrs. Gordon of Phoenix acted as substitute in his absence.
Mr. and Mrs. Ora McDaniels had as guests Sunday Mr. and Mrs. McDaniel, Mr. and Mrs. Cartwright of the Cartwright district. Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Parsons were Sunday guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. John Olinger.
Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Jack, Miss May Mossman of Oklahoma, Miss Margaret Hill, Della Eckhart, Betty Randall of Tempe spent Sunday at Granite Reef.
Reeves Galryan captured one of a band of men who were trying to enter the Loomis store. He called for help, the authorities came out and the unsuccessful burglar is resting easy in the county jail.
John McDaniel was one of the boys who enjoyed The Republican picnic at Camelback.
Our boys were beaten Friday by the Washington boys with a score of 8 to 14.
The next meeting of the Juvenile club will be Monday, April 10, which will be devoted to a study of the violin. The meeting of April 24 will be “Birds in Music.”
John W. Jones, vice president of the farm bureau, attended the executive meeting of the farm bureau Saturday afternoon.
HERE TO TAKE PART
IN BIG MINING CASE
John P. Gray, an attorney of Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, arrived in the city yesterday to represent the United Eastern, the appellee in the case of the Tom Reed Gold Mines company which has been set for hearing in supreme court tomorrow. This is the case in which exhibits were brought last summer in carload lots and which have been stored about the capitol building as long as there was room for them. The others were put into a warehouse. Those in the capitol building were narrowly saved from a watery grave at the time of the Cave Creek flood last August.
Mr. Gray, though a young man, is recognized as one of the foremost mining lawyers in the country. This is an “apex” case, the first that has arisen in Arizona for the last quarter of a century. Previous to that time there had been several originating in the Tombstone district.
Mr. Gray is not only a lawyer, but he has been active in state politics of Idaho. He was a delegate to the national Republican convention from that state in 1920, and with his delegation stood with the Arizona delegation in support of General Wood. He is, though, a warm admirer of President Harding, whose administration is, in his opinion, a most able one which ought to receive more cordial and consistent support from the Republican congress.
SHE WILL APPEAR IN REBEKAH BENEFIT
Arizona Rebekah Lodge No. 1, which is staging a benefit program in the auditorium of the Arizona School of Music Friday evening, April 7, has announced the employment of one of Phoenix’s most popular comedians, Miss Winnie Hoopes, who is already well known, to appear in an extremely laugh-provoking sketch.
On this event she is in the character of a typical old Southern darkey woman, Malindy Jolinsing, in the fashion of the color and love that is dealt in the wooing of her own dear Abram White; which is played by the talented Pinky Johnson in rare old black-face comedy.
Miss Hoopes has been seen in many good comedy parts in this city, and is well known for her clever acting. She played the role of Zenobia in the “Spring Time” production, and is said to afford more comedy in this play, “A Highly Colored Sketch,” than in the past. Much interest is being shown in her appearance, which will prove that the real old black-face acting is very much in demand.
MORESUMMER RATES BY THE SANTA FE R.R.
A further announcement has been made by the Santa Fe of summer rates. Tickets for back east excursions will be on sale, beginning May 25, instead of June 1, as had been published. The sale will continue to August 31.
Of more immediate interest is the announcement of Arizona excursion rates, effective April 28, from Phoenix to the following points:
15 Days Season
Prescott $ 9.00 $10.75
Williams 11.75 14.00
Flagstaff 13.50 16.25
Grand Canyon 16.75 ....
Los Angeles ....... 23.25 27.75
Long Beach ....... 24.00 28.75
Santa Monica 24.00 28.75
San Diego 28.25 33.75
The rate to Iron Springs for the season by books of five trips each will be $25.50; to Prescott, $27.50. There will be a round-trip rate from Iron Springs to Prescott of 80 cents.
o—!
Sale of Tucson
Farms Company’s
Assets Held Up
SAN FRANCISCO, April 4.—The United States circuit court of appeals set aside yesterday the sale of assets of the Valley Farms Co. and Edwin R. Post for $86,465 last October, which was ordered by the district court at Tucson, Ariz., to satisfy the claims of the Western Machinery company and Reuben R. Schweitzer.
The district court refused to allow the Richfield Oil company of Los Angeles to intervene to present its claim for $28,000 for oil and ery, but the circuit court reversed the lower court’s decision, holding that the oil company should have been allowed to enter in the proceedings.
The sale of the assets, the circuit court said, deprived the Richfield Oil company of its only opportunity to collect its claim. Post was the promoter of the Post irrigation project in Arizona.
Famous Wells-Fargo
Express Messenger
Dies at Age of 93
OGDEN, Utah, April 4.—Aaron Ross, 93, pensioned Wells Fargo and Company Express messenger, who achieved fame by reason of his exploit in defeating single-handed seven robbers who attacked a train carrying an $80,000 gold shipment at Montello, Nevada, in 1883, died here yesterday.
In his Montello adventure Ross was wounded but he killed one of the robbers and wounded four of them.
Ross was born in Maine and went to California in 1856. Later he became a stage driver in Montana and Utah where he had many brushes with “bad men” and Indians.
Ross served nearly 50 years with Wells Fargo and company and despite all the early day hazards none of the gold shipments entrusted to his care were ever stolen.
o ——
McClean Is Denied
Damages in Lewis
Machine Gun Suit
CLEVELAND, April 4. Suit brought by Dr. S. N. McClean of Detroit and other stockholders of the McClean Arms and Ordnance company against M. A. Bradley, R. M. Calfee and others for $20,000,000, alleged to be due from profits through the sale of the Lewis machine gun during the world war, was dismissed by Judge John W. Peck of Cincinnati in the federal district court here yesterday.
In his suit Dr. McClean claimed that his patents, which had been unfairly sold, had been embodied in the Lewis gun. Conspiracy also was charged.
The court held that the success of the Lewis machine gun was not due to any of McClean's inventions. It also decided there was no evidence to show any conspiracy or fraudulent conduct on the part of the defendants. On the other hand, the decision says, the evidence shows unusual effort on the part of the defendants to save the McClean company and that full and fair notice had been given to the stockholders of the actual condition of the company.
o -7
I AMUSEMENTS
PARIS AND NEW YORK—RIGHT IN PHOENIX IN
'PEACOCK ALLEY'
Paris and New York—and night life in both cities—brought to the screen in what has been generally conceded the biggest and most sumptuous picture ever screened. Sounds decidedly interesting, doesn’t it? It is interesting, and this is the import of the announcement from the Rialto that Mae Murray will start an engagement there Saturday, presenting "Peacock Alley."
This picture is one of the most unusual of the releases of the new season. It has established records everywhere it has been shown. It shattered every precedent over the entire Loew circuit, by being held over for three weeks at the Los Angeles theater. It having been the prior rule that every picture booked should play but one week. The stupendous nature of the picture has been the motif for many a laudatory article from the most prominent of the present day writers, both in and out of the field of motion picture and theatrical literature. It has been claimed that it scintillates with a radiance and brilliance positively unheard of before its release. This has been occasioned possibly through two definite factors.
In the first place, the very nature of the story as written by Ouida Bergere made it imperative that the ultimate be reached in smartness and luxury, as “Peacock Alley” is a story that concerns the most famous of the cabarets in Paris as well as on Broadway in our own New York.
And again, “Peacock Alley” is the first picture made by Mae Murray's own company. Unhampered by any restraint in the matter of appointment, gowns, effects, settings, talent, or expense and having been produced by her husband, Robert Z. Leonard, who, it will be remembered, directed Mae Murray in “The Gilded Lily,” it is but natural that the vivacious little dancing star should have seen to it that “Peacock Alley” justified in every department everything every motion picture fan had been led to expect in view of the elaborate-ness of her former pictures.
The scenario likewise called for a dancing girl whose whole life is changed when love found its way to her heart, and where in the entire category of stars either on the stage or the screen would one find a better type for this sort of role than Mae Murray? “Peacock Alley” speaks the last word in stunning gowns and striking feminine finery. It will amaze in the wonder of the settings and scenic equipment. It will send thrill after thrill over the audience in the rapid sequence of its action, and it will prove positively gripping in the tremendous heart appeal. In short, “Peacock Alley” is one of the finest pictures before the public today—the crowning achievement of one of the most accomplished stars in the theatrical world, and last word in excellence and worth.
The engagement at the Rialto is a limited one, and the management is urging attendance during the matinee screenings, that all may be accommodated during the run.
JESSE JAMES' LIFE STORY AT STRAND
In searching the records of the most picturesque careers in history, there is probably none that stands out in any more bold relief than that of Jesse James, notorious American outlaw and bandit. His life has been the motif for song and story and play for years. Romances have incorporated snatches of his career—brief incidents in his life have been handled in innumerable ways. But it remained for his son, Jesse James, Jr., to bring to the world the life story of his father, and this has been done via the greatest agency for conveying knowledge—the motion picture screen.
“Under the Black Flag” is the striking title. Jesse James, Jr. has given to the cinematization of the life of the man at one time the most feared in all the world, a man whose name struck terror to everyone, a man whose exploits shook the country from top to bottom. And this is the production the Strand announces for an engagement starting next Tuesday.
“Under the Black Flag” is not in any manner to be construed as a “blood and thunder” melodramatic impossible story, capitalizing on fiction. On the contrary, accuracy was the keynote which guided the construction of every foot of the multiple reel feature. Historical spots on which the most daring incidents took place, correctness of atmosphere and environment, memoirs and historical data, a revelation in thrill and action.
Every phase of the many-sided character of Jesse James is revealed in detail. His daring, his fearlessness, his bravery, his cleverness, his cunning, his sturdiness, as well as his tenderness, his humanness, his genuine manhood, as is evidenced by the many sidelights which the picture brings into play. “Under the Black Flag” is a positive sensation.
There is not a picture on the screen today that in any manner compares with it. And while the reviewer is being thrilled with the swiftness of action, as he is being awed by the spectacular battle scenes, the daring holdups, the exciting chases, the clever outwitting of pursuit, and the titanic, mighty theme, he is watching facts, not fiction, history, not theory, the life story of Jesse James as it actually occurred, enacted by the man best fitted to tell it—Jesse James, Jr., his son.
The engagement at the Strand is a limited one. The production has established the most enviable records everywhere. It has proven an education as well as entertainment, a production in which the moral is obvious, clean cut, inspiring, a great agency for good.
The management of the Strand is urging attendance during the matinees, the statement coming that the performance will be continuous on each day of the showing.
Tom Wise at Columbia
Genial old Tom Wise, a favorite of the American stage for many years, comes to Mauk's Columbia theater for today only in “Father Tom,” an original story by Karl Krusader.
“Father Tom” is a clean and wholesome drama concerning the everyday life in a rural community where the only smudge on an otherwise spotless town is “The Inn,” a roadhouse.
The story tells simply, yet dramatically, the efforts of Father Tom to make "The Inn" a respectable place that they can be proud of; of his interest and much making part in the romance of Bob and Margie and of his efforts to pay off a mortgage.
“Father Tom” propounds no belief, upholds no creed and proves no moral. It is just a picture of the everyday occurrences of life told in such a way that it can be appreciated and understood by old and young. A love romance of unusual beauty courses its way through the picture and the rural comedy is of the kind that every red blooded American can thoroughly enjoy. In support of Mr. Wise are seen Nancy Deaver, Alexander Clark, Harry Boler, May Kitson, Myra Brooks and a score of others equally as prominent in the screen world.
One of the regular weekly issues of “Movie Chats,” that popular short subject feature that has been so popular with Columbia patrons, is another number on the program for today only. This film fills a long felt need in the motion picture program of even balance, combining a series of four subjects in short, snappy fashion that makes it one of the best creations of the short subject reels yet offered. A Literary Digest Topics and a Snub Pollard comedy also are offered on the Columbia program at regular house prices. William Christy Cabanne's latest film spectacle, “At the Stage Door,” starring Lillian Dove, comes to Mauk's Columbia theater for a three-day engagement beginning Thursday.
Ethel Clayton at Rialto
With the closing screenings today at the Rialto of Ethel Clayton's latest Paramount starring vehicle, "The Cradle," there closes the engagement of one of the most appealing and one of the most deeply human stories the house of exceptional features has screened for a long time. “The Cradle” is poignantly real, it is sincere, and it is powerful not only in its theme but in the truth it conveys and the line of thought it evokes.
It is a document of universal interest because it concerns one of the most vital issues of the day, that of divorce. Volumes are being printed right now on the evils of this menace, but there has been nothing come to our attention that has treated the subject from the comprehensive angle presented in this master picture of emotion and drama. It discusses divorce from the standpoint of the children and brings forward their rights in the matter, and the effect of separation on their lives. In this regard it is a revelation not only in the matter of the strength of each character as portrayed by the sterling cast of players, but in the powerful “punch” contained in the series of dramatic climaxes and situations, it proves that the child is the tie that binds husband and wife, a tie immune from the traditions and fallacies of man-made laws, that tie that governs their lives no matter how hard they attempt to evade the issue. In the family pictured the divorce means the child shall remain with each parent for six months out of each year. The father marries the woman who “understands” him, while the mother marries the man who “appreciates” her. But neither the new “daddy” nor the new “mamma” understands the child, nor appreciates it, and hereon hangs the issue out of which the author has built his powerful story.
The added attractions include the comedy and the International News. “Sentimental Tommy” is the underlined picture attraction to be presented tomorrow with the regular vaudeville road show, this to be followed Saturday by the opening of the engagement of Mae Murray, presenting “Peacock Alley.”
Mary Pickford in “Little Lord Fauntleroy” will soon be offered by the Rialto as will Cecil B. DeMille’s production, “Fool's Paradise.”
“The Hunch” at the Strand
Gareth Hughes in “The Hunch” will today open a two-day engagement at the Strand and incidentally bring to that popular theater as clever a comedy as this star has yet made. Metro adapted the picture from Percival Wilde's Munsey’s Magazine story. It concerns a broker whose proclivity for following “hunches” is proverbial on “the street.” On one occasion after a gay evening with other brokers, on awakening he finds written across his shirt front, "Buy J. S.," which he takes to mean the hunch to buy “Jerusalem Steel.” He is engaged to the daughter of one of the wealthiest brokers on Wall street, and from him obtains the funds necessary for the purchase of 5000 shares. Immediately after the purchase the stock starts tumbling and the broker urged, by his sweetheart's father to abandon the “hunch” and sell. But the lad is obstinate and arranges with his sweetheart and his best friend to gain a week’s time before the consummation of the sale, which the elder broker threatens. The scheme involves his placing beside the river bank a bloody knife and one of his old hats, while he himself hies to the country estate of his father-in-law-to-be. The supposition will of course be that the young broker has been murdered, and the affair will occupy the attention of the police for weeks, and at the end of that time he will appear, clear up the “mystery” and realize handsomely on the investment he is sure is a world heater. Destiny plays some funny cards and when tramps set upon the broker and rob him of his clothes as he is on the way to the country estate a trump card was played. He is arrested as a tramp, and his finger prints agree with those on the knife found by the river. He is accused of his own murder, and many and furious are the complications which ensue, rushing the story at breakneck speed through reel after reel of rousing laughter.
The added feature is the comedy “The Touchdown,” and another single reel humorous release, “Angel Food.” William Farnum is announced by the Strand for an engagement lasting over Sunday and Monday, his vehicle being “His Greatest Sacrifice.”
Run To The Adam's Pharmacy
MASON’S TIPS
Headquarters for Radio Phones and
Supplies.
We fill your prescriptions for less!
MASON'S PHARMACY
Corner Second St. and Washington
Phone 6168

LEOPOLD GODOWSKY
WORLD’S GREATEST PIANIST
ONE PHOENIX CONCERT
MONDAY EVENING, APRIL 17TH
SEAT SALE OPENS TODAY
at
THE CENTRAL PHARMACY
Telephone 6483 Hours: 10:30 to 1:30 and 2:30 to 7 P. M.
PRICES: $2.00, $1.50, $1.00
AUSPICES ARIZONA BOHEMIAN CLUB

AMERICAN DANCE PALACE
Phone 4146
IT’S THE MUSIC
Dancing 8:30 to 12 P. M.
Dancing Lessons given daily by W. L. King, Dancing Master.
Reservations Now
Copyright 1921 by H. C. Fisher
MUTT & JEFF —By Bud Fisher. Jeff Kisses Seventeen Iron Men Good-bye

LAST TIME TODAY
ETHEL CLAYTON
IN
“THE CRADLE”
A Paramount picture.
Smashing in its drama, deeply
appealing in its humanness,
amazing in its truths.
Tomorrow and Friday
VAUDEVILLE ROAD SHOW

BURRAY IN “PEACOCK ALLEY" RIALTO SATURDAY
PICKFORD IN "LITTLE LORD FAUNTLEROY" IS COMING TO
THE RIALTO. WATCH FOR “FOOL’S PARADISE,” AT THE RIALTO.

KEEPING UP WITH THE JONESES— A Wise Gal By Pop Momand

SO N /VE3 PA, SHE SENT 'N IK off of WELL, CHEER. UP yew, OUT \ OH WELL, STOP YOUR \
ETHELBERT's / HIS RING BACK THIS GAL'S FOR LIFE! ETHELBERT. ’y' DONT MOANIN'! SHE SEhfT < J
GAL GAVE / MORNING! HE SEEMS Tu. TELL TH* THEY USED To KNOW TH' you QfCK TH' RING. KEPT THE STONE-/
HIM TH' \TS t *KE IT VERY WORLD I AM.! HAND ME TH RAZE HALF OF ( n"LL BRING —-r “ ‘
ROUGH DEAL TOO WHEN I WAS , A YOUNG FELLER- 

TODAY ONLY
TOM WISE
Famous Character Actor in
“FATHER TOM”
A Rural Romance
MOVIE CHATS
Snub Pollard Comedy
Literary Digest Topics
Prices 10-20-30-35 c Plus Tax
“Why Pay More?”
Starting Tomorrow
“AT THE STAGE DOOR”
William Christy Cabanne’s big
spectacle starring Lillian Dove.