THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.

RELIABLE
CLEAN

ELEVENTH YEAR.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 16, 1901.
VOL. XI. NO. 243.

A KANSAS BURNING

Awful Punishment Visited
on a Negro
ON MERE SUSPICION
An Almost Incredible Twentieth Century Incident Witnessed By 8000
People Yesterday in the Heart of
the City of Leavenworth The
Victim's Not Unreasonable Argument That He Was Innocent.
Leavenworth, Kan., Jan. 15. Fred
Alexander, the negro who on Saturday
attempted to assault Miss Eva Roth
and who is supposed to have assaulted
and killed Pearl Forbes in this city in
November last, was this afternoon
taken from the sheriff's guard and
burned at the stake at the scene of
his crime, a half dozen blocks from the
center of the city. Probably 8,000 pro-
spectors witnessed the burning.
The negro was taken from his cell
at the state penitentiary at 3 o'clock
this afternoon and loaded into a hack
and brought to town. Fifty deputy
marshals surrounded him and Deputy
Sheriffs Stance Meyer and Tom Brown
sat in the hack on either side of him.
There were fifty buggies and wagons
in the procession which followed. The
trip to town was made quickly. When
Fourth and Olive street was reached
the police, who were in the hack fol-
lowing the one in which Alexander
was concealed, jumped out and chased
several negroes. This created a di-
version which attracted the attention of
everyone, and in the excitement the
hack in which Alexander was concealed
was frantically driven to the county
jail, and just as the mob reached the
doors he was locked in the first cell on
the east side of the court house.
All the doors of the jail were locked
and the crowd first attempted to gain
admission by peaceful means. Sheriff
Everhard refused to deliver the negro.
Then the crowd pushed its way to
the side door and using one man as a
battering ram, the door was forced
from its hinges. In a moment there
was a yelling pack in the jail yard.
The side door, which was made of
cavy sheet iron, was the next object
of attack. Several of the thoughtful
men of the mob had provided them-
selves with sledgehammers and cold
chisels and it was the work of only a
few moments before the hinges were
torn from the door and with help from the
side, it was off its hinges in a mo-
ment.
More men pushed inside and an iron
bar was called into play and the doors
of Alexander's cell room were broken
in. The mob issued in a moment.
Grabbing the fiend by the coat collar,
he had been struck over the head
with a hammer, but was still con-
scious. Men fought to get at him.
They struck savagely at him and hit
him on the head, but his captors, who guarded him
well, cried; "Don't hurt him." "We'll burn him," was the response.
Outside the stockade the crowd
pre surrounded by a solid wall of
human flesh. Across Third street and
the hill into the court house yard
they dragged him. Then they stopped
and said:
"Confess before we harm you," said
they.
"I have nothing to confess," cried
Alexander. "I am innocent. I am dying
for what another man did. I see
some of my friends here. They know
I did not do it. If I had been guilty I
would have said so at the penitentiary
and would have stayed there for life,
the warden told me. The policemen
told me so. Would not I have told
them if I were guilty?"
"You lie," they cried, and one big
brute, filled more with lust for blood
than with the feeling of a human,
struck him in the face with his
fist three times. This seemed not to
have the slightest effect on the negro.
He was taken to the exact spot
where the murdered girl, Pearl Forbes,
was found, and there a semi-circle
was formed. Alexander pleaded that
he was innocent, but he was quickly
dragged down an embankment to a
pile of wood with his hands, tied to
his back and bound to the stake which
was of iron, planted upright in the
ground. Around the stake, boards and
dry wood were piled. The man was chained
in a standing position and coal oil was
poured over him.
"Gentlemen, you have got the best
of me," said Alexander. "You are
burning an innocent man. You took
advantage of me. You gave me no
trial. Can I see my mother?"
A man in the crowd called for the
mother of the negro, but she was not
in the crowd. Coal oil was then up-
poured for the second time and while it
was being done Alexander called to his

THE PHOENIX NATIONAL BANK

PHOENIX,
Capital, $100,000. Surplus $25,000.

Main Office, 100 W. Washington St. Phoenix, Ariz. C. J. Hall, Vice Pres., K. N. Knox, Cashier. L. B. Larimer, Asst. Cashier
Fully Insured Vault and Steel Safety Deposit Boxes. General Banking Business. Drafts Issued

On all principal cities in the United States, Europe, and Mexico.
Savings Bank and Trust Co.

PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
CHARLES F. AINSWORTH, President S. M. McCOWAN, Vice President
K. H. GREENE, Secretary
Authorized Capital $100,000. Paid-in Capital $50,000. Surplus $25,000.

Loans on Real Estate. Savings Accounts. Safe Deposit Boxes. Etc.

friends in the crowd and bade them
goodbye. He did not seem to realize
that he was to be burned at the stake
and talked rationally until John Forbes,
the father of the murdered girl, lighted
the match. Again Alexander was asked
to make a confession, but the negro
replied that he had nothing to say.
As the flame leaped upon him Alexander, for the first time, realized
that his death was near. He clasped
his hands together and began to swing
to and fro while the crowd yelled. In
less than five minutes he was hanging
limp and lifeless by the chain that
bound him.
As soon as the crowd saw that life
was extinct it began to slowly dis-
perse. There were hundreds of the more morbid, however, who stayed to the last.
Men kept piling on wood all the time
until about 7 o'clock, when the flames
were allowed to die down. When the
fire had died down sufficiently to allow
the crowd to approach what remained
of Alexander there was a wild scram-
ble to obtain relics. Bits of charred
flesh, pieces of the chain, scraps of
wood and anything that could possibly
serve as a souvenir, were seized on
with morbid avidity by the eager people.

MAY BE ANOTHER FIRE.
Warren, Ohio, Jan. 15. Luther Potts,
charged with a terrible crime on a little
boy at Girard, was placed in jail here
this afternoon for safe keeping. An at-
tempt was made this morning at Gi-
rard to burn him alive in jail. There
are threats of burning Potts at the
stake.
UNITED MINE WORKERS.
Annual Convention of the Ohio Division
Yesterday.
Columbus, O., Jan. 16. The annual
convention of the Ohio division of the
United Mine Workers of America,
which began in this city today, is the
largest meeting in the history of the
organization. Upwards of 200 delegates
are in attendance, representing all of
the mining districts of the state. The
action of the convention with regard
to the price of mining for the ensuing
year is awaited with much interest, as
it is generally understood that a fight
is to be made for an advance in the
scale. The fact that the operators have
had a demand for their output at good
prices during the past year will be
urged as one of the prime reasons for
an advance in wages. The claim will
also be made that the organization has
endeavored to keep its promises in re-
gard to organizing the miners of West
Virginia, and while the result has not
been as great as was hoped yet; some-
thing in that line has been done. The
convention will choose delegates to
represent the Ohio division at the na-
tional convention to be held in Indian-
apolis next week.
LIVE STOCK INTERESTS
Convention of the National Association at Salt Lake.
Salt Lake City, Utah, Jan. 15. More
than twenty-five states and territories
including Colorado, Idaho, Minnesota.
South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, New
Mexico, Arizona, Texas, Illinois, Indi-
ana, Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, Mis-
souri and Iowa are represented by del-
egates at the annual convention of the
national live stock association, which
began a four days' session in this city
today. Since its organization at Den-
ver three years ago the association has
steadily increased in membership and
influence and the present gathering is
the largest and most important ever
held in the interests of the cattle man.
The chief purpose of the convention, as
explained in the official call read at
the opening session today by Secretary
J. C. Martin, are to consider important
matters connected with the welfare of
the industry and to bring the live stock
raisers and dealers closer together to
guard and protect their mutual inter-
ests. The actual business of the conven-
tion will commence tomorrow, today's ses-
sion being devoted entirely to addresses
of welcome and responses, the appoint-
ment of committees and other work of
a preliminary nature. President John
W. Springer of Colorado presided and
responded to the addresses of welcome
delivered by Governor Wells and
others. The sessions are held in As-
sembly hall. This evening there was
a reception in honor of the delegates
and other visitors at the Knutsford
hotel.
A resolution by Mr. McKenzie of
Texas, asking that an effort be made
to establish federal inspection in lieu
of the present state inspection, was
passed. After some further unimportant
business the convention adjourned until tomorrow.
POULTRY SHOW.
Cincinnati, O., Jan. 15. The third an-
nual show of the Cincinnati poultry as-
sociation and Belgian hare club opened
today and will continue during the
week. The show is the largest ever
held in Cincinnati and includes several
thousand entries of high class chickens,
turkeys, ducks, pigeons and
geese, together with a well filled de-
partment devoted to the display of Bel-
gian hares and cats.
ARIZONA
In Undivided Profit, $10,000
Jit, a. nemm, U. J. Hall, it. J. Hemenway,
H. W. McCormick, R. W. McCormick.
Hunt H. Prick, Clerk and Treasurer.
Uncld 11. Rice. Auditor and Attorney.

INSURED DYING MEN

Three Charged With Swindling
Colonial Company
All of Them Under Arrest-One Pa-
tient Taken From Bellevue, Policy
Issued and Then He Was Sent
Back to Die.
New York, Jan. 15. For defrauding
an insurance company by accepting as
risks the lives of men dying of con-
sumption, William Kelly, an insurance
agent, of Union Hill, N. J., was ar-
rested today and locked up in Jersey
City. Warrants were also issued for
Thomas Martin, a printer; William
Necker, an undertaker, and Dr. Ed-
ward Jahr, of West Hoboken. They
are said to be members of a gang
which for the last six months has been
systematically swindling the Colonial
Insurance company of Jersey City.
The Colonial insures lives on what
are known as "Industrial risks." The
policies are all for small amounts, the
premiums being paid weekly.
The officers of the company noticed
some months ago that an exceptionally
large number of their policy holders died of consumption only a short
time after having their lives insured.
Further investigation revealed the
fact that the greater number of con-
sumptives lived in Union Hill, which
is ordinarily supposed to be an excep-
tionally healthy village.
Detective Lonergan of this city, was
employed to unravel the mystery. To
a Mail and Express reporter Mr. Lon-
ergan told the story of the swindle
which his investigations had revealed.
"William Kelly," said he, "was the
Colonial's agent in Union Hill. He was
formerly a prize fighter and is known
among sporting men as 'The Cyclone.'
Kelly was an old resident of Union
Hill and had many acquaintances
It was through him that Dr. Jahr was
appointed medical examiner for that
district. Necker is an undertaker.
"They arranged between them to in-
sure Robert E. Brennan, a boy of
eighteen, for $287. Brennan was a
brother-in-law of Thomas Martin, who
is foreman of a printing office. Bren-
nan had been a consumptive all his
life, and no one on earth would ever
have taken him for a man in good
health or a good risk for a life insurance
company.
"Martin was made beneficiary by
Brennan's policy. At his death a few
months later Martin received the in-
surance. Necker was given the job of
burying him and Kelly got something
for accepting the risk.
"It is for this conspiracy to defraud
in the Brennan case that warrants
were issued, but Brennan is only one
of a number of consumptives that Kel-
ly insured in order to get part of the
insurance.
"One of the cases in which the com-
bine accomplished the swindle success-
fully was in the death of a man named
O'Brien. He was taken out of Belle-
vue hospital by Kelly and the others
and kept at Union Hill long enough to
have his life insured. He was then
sent back to Bellevue, where he died.
The company paid his insurance to his
beneficiary, who divided it among the
conspirators."
The four men furnished bonds in
$1,000 each at the Hudson county court
house in Jersey City this afternoon.
Necker denied that he had been
guilty of any wrong doing. He said
that when Brennan died a certificate
giving consumption as the cause of
death was made out, but he did not
recall the name of the doctor who
gave the certificate.
BELATED SHIP COMES IN.
Portland, Ore., Jan. 15. The ship
Cape Wrath, seventy-five days from
Callao, for Portland, on which fifty
five percent reinsurance was offered in
San Francisco, arrived off the mouth
of the Columbia river today.
A CHINESE DELAY
The Imperial Government Can't Find
Its Seal.
Washington, Jan. 15. Secretary Hay
was at his desk today, having prac-
tically thrown off his recent ailment.
He received nothing further concerning
China. The report that the imperial seal must now be obtained to
give finality to the peace protocol, is
rather a surprise, as it was supposed
the former delays were in part due to
the lack of a seal and that the recent
authorization to sign carried with it
the necessary formalities of sealing and
delivering.
KILLED FAMILY AND HIMSELF.
Anderson Also Shot His Mother-in-Law
Reverses Prompted Deed.
Boston, Jan. 15. In a fit of insanity,
brought on by brooding over business
troubles, Svante Anderson, a Swede,
36 years old, who has lived in a neat
apartment at 7 Sheridan street, Ja-
maica Plain, early this morning shot
his wife dead, fatally wounded his
young son, Harold, dangerously
wounded his mother-in-law, Mrs. Mary
Anderson, and then killed himself by
firing the last bullet in the revolver into
his own breast. The two wounded
persons were taken to the hospital
where the boy died shortly before 6
o'clock this evening. Mrs. Anderson
has a bullet wound in her breast and
her recovery is hardly expected.
Anderson had always been looked
upon as a peaceable citizen, but his
failure in managing a small periodical
preyed on his mind. Last evening
Anderson was found discharging
his revolver on Green street by a po-
liceman. At the station house he ex-
plained that he was simply trying the
weapon and was released. At 6 o'clock
this morning he killed his wife while
she was lying in bed, sent a bullet
through the boy's body, and shot her
mother as she came in to see what
the trouble was.
HEBREW UNION.

Sixteenth Council In Session In Cin-
cinnati. Cincinnati, O., Jan. 15. Prominent
Hebrews of Chicago, New York, Balti-
more, St. Louis and other cities are
attending the seventeenth council of
the union of American Hebrew con-
gregations which will be in session in
this city during the next two days.
Julius Freiberg is president of the un-
ion, which has members in all the
large cities of the United States. In
connection with the present meeting
the twenty-fifth anniversary of the He-
brew Union college of this city will be
celebrated and the raising of an
endowment fund of half a million dol-
lars to be known as the Isaac H. Wise
fund, will be discussed. Indications
point to the re-election of the present
officers of the organization.
ORDER OF THE ATONEMENT.
New York, Jan. 15. At the home of
the order, at Garrisons-on-the-Hudson,
a number of young men today took the
vows necessary to become novitiates of
the Order of the Atonement. Among
the number is William Gallinger, son
of United States Senator Gallinger of
New Hampshire. "Will" Gallinger, as
he is generally known among an ex-
tended circle of friends, has been an
inmate of the brotherhood house since
last August, observing the strictest
self-denial for which the order is
famed, living the life of a hermit, while
devoting the hours to prayer and fast-
ing. During the next two years he will
be known simply as Brother Leo. At
the expiration of that period he will be
entitled to take on himself the vows
for life, with the added dignity of Fa-
ther Leo, after which he will be
properly fitted under the regulations to
go out into the world as a worker
among the poor of the slums in great
FOOD FOR THOUGHT
Great Britain Pondering Over the
Amended Treaty.
London, Jan. 15. United States Am-
bassador Choate and the secretary of
state of foreign affairs, the Marquis of
Lansdowne, had a second conference
on the amended Hay-Pauncefote
treaty.
An OUTLINE OF POLICY Great Britain
Intends to pursue was not de-
veloped and no decision is likely to be
reached by Great Britain for several
days.
SOCIAL DEMOCRATS.
An Effort to Keep the Party Alive
for Four Years.
Chicago, Jan. 15. Leaders of the so-
cial democratic party, looking ahead
to the campaign of 1901, rounded up
in Chicago today and began a confer-
ence for the consideration of the fu-
ture program and policy of the
party. Before the conclusion of the
conference delegates from all parts of
the United States are expected to put
in an appearance, among them Eugene
V. Debs, Frederick McCartney of Mas-
sachusetts, Victor L. Berger of Mil-
waukee and James Clemens of Kan-
sas. The task of keeping the party
alive and in fighting trim until the next
campaign will be committed to a na-
tional board of nine members who will
be chosen at the present conference.
This is in conformity with the provis-
ions of the new constitution of the
party submitted to the referendum by
the convention of last March, which
nominated Eugene V. Debs for the
presidency.
DEER IN THE ADIRONDACKS.
Bognville, N. Y., Jan. 15. At the an-
nual meeting of the Brown Tract
guides association here last night a
letter from Lieutenant Governor
Woodruff was read, a part of which
was devoted to the preservation of
game and deer in the state park in the
North Woods. Mr. Woodruff thinks the
question of providing for wild deer is
of little consequence unless adequate
game laws, rigidly enforced, are
adopted. He believes that hounding
should be permanently prohibited by
law. According to information re-
ceived from guides and other sources
Mr. Woodruff estimates the number of
deer in the Adirondacks at ten to the
square mile, or a total of 60,000 deer.
He estimates the number of deer
killed during the season last year at
about 6,000. He condemns the practice
of "jacking" and "floating" as being as
unsportsmanlike as hounding.
HUNT FOR MISSING VESSEL.
Seattle, Wash., Jan. 15. The United
States revenue cutter Perry, Captain
Gilmore, arrived in port last night after
a fruitless search up the coast from
the mouth of the Columbia river for
the missing ship Andrada. The Perry
sails again this afternoon to cruise
southward and resume her quest.
TEDDY'S PERFORMANCES.
Denver, Col., Jan. 15. A special to
the Times from Meeker, Col., says:
"Vice President-elect Roosevelt has
been hunting from daylight to dark
every day since he left Meeker and he
brought down a magnificent specimen
of a wild cat and a lion in two days."
YAVAPAI MINING DEAL.
Prescott, Ariz., Jan. 13. A Scotch
syndicate has purchased the Mint-rat
Hill group of copper mines near Huron
for $50,000.

SENATORIAL QUINTET

Election Effected in Five
States Yesterday
Quay is as Good as Chosen in Penn-
sylvania w. A. Clark Came
Within Three Votes of the Re-
quisite Number.
Boston, Jan. 15. George Frisbie
Hoar was elected in both the senate
and house of the Massachusetts legisla-
ture today to succeed himself in the
United States senate for the term com-
mencing March 4, 1901.
McMILLAN OF MICHIGAN.
Lansing, Mich., Jan. 15. Senator
James McMillan of Detroit was re-
elected by the Michigan legislature this
afternoon.
SENATOR PATTERSON.
Denver, Col., Jan. 15. Hon. Thomas
M. Patterson was elected United States
senator to succeed Wolcott.
Boise, Idaho, Jan. 15. Dubois was
elected senator.
CHANDLER'S SUCCESSOR.
Concord, N. H., Jan. 15. Henry Burn-
ham was elected senator to succeed
Chandler.
QUAY OUT OF THE WOODS.
Harrisburg, Pa., Jan. 15. The state
senate today elected Quay as its choice
for United States senator. Quay 26;
Gaffey (Dem), 12; Dalzell (anti-Quay
representation), 10. The vote in the
house was delayed by crowds surging
on the floor, making it necessary for
the speaker to appeal for police aid.
When order was restored the ballot
was taken and resulted as follows:
Quay, 104; Gaffey, 44; Dalzell, 21. This
insures Quay's election at the joint
session tomorrow.
NO DECISION AT BUTTE.
Helena, Mont., Jan. 15. On the first
ballot for senator today William A.
Clark had a majority of three in the
senate. On the first and only ballot
taken today in the house Mr. Clark
lacked one of the number necessary to
elect him United States senator.
UNSETTLED IN NEBRASKA.
Lincoln, Neb., Jan. 15. The two
houses of the legislature balloted
separately for United States senator
today. Sixteen candidates were in the
field. The vote for the leaders was as
follows: In the house for the long term,
Ainsworth, 26; Currier, 25; Rosewater,
24. For the short term: Halner, 4;
Hinshaw, 5. In the senate for the long
term: Currier, 5; Rosewater, 4; short
term: Thompson, 8.
A MINING DEAL
The Union or Luke Mine in Possession of a Detroit Company.
The organization of the Union Gold
Mining company was effected today by the filing of its articles of in-
corporation. The officers of the com-
pany are: W. J. Ralney, president;
John I. Eastman, vice-president; Henry
A. Eastman, secretary, and Herman
Purselle, treasurer. The last three
officers are residents of Detroit, and
the general offices of the company are
in the Hammond building in Detroit.
Mr. Ralney has been at work on this
enterprise for more than a year. The
company's property is the Union mine
in Yavapai county, and not a mine of
the same name near Phoenix. It ad-
joins the Crowned King and was lo-
cated at the same time as the King in
1873. A ten-stamp mill was erected in
1877. This was prior to the advent of
railroads and the mill was shipped by
water by the way of the gulf and the
Colorado to Ehrenberg and thence to
the mill site. The cost of transportation
was then 20 cents a pound. This was
also before the discovery of the con-
centrating process, and though the
Union mine was believed to be the
richer, it was found that the ores of
the Crowned King yielded more easily
to the then known processes. The
mill was accordingly moved to the
King. The Union mine has been held
by John and Frank Luke. Mr. Ralney's
attention was directed to it more than
a year ago. He has had reports
on it by a half dozen experts, and its
ores have been submitted to several
mill tests, all of which have proved to
him that the company has as a foun-
dation a good mine. Among the re-
ports are those of Edward Mutcalf and
Silas St. John of Phoenix. The fol-
lowing facts are gathered from the re-
ports: The ledge, which is a true fissure and
a continuation of the Crowned King,
lode, outcrops the whole length of the
claim. This is a very strong ledge,
about six feet in width, with granite
walls. Identical with the Crowned
King formation. The ledge matter is
very soft and easily mined. The gangue
is a schist. The rich streak, a sulphur-
ous ore carrying galena, is about eight-
een inches in width and everywhere
carries mineral. The richest ore, how-
ever, is found in large bodies or shoots
which extend nearly vertically from
the surface. The development con-
sists mainly in a tunnel driven in 500
feet on the ledge. This tunnel has de-
veloped two ore shoots, the first ex-
tending in from the mouth of the tun-
nel 110 feet; the second begins 200 feet
from the mouth of the tunnel and is
125 feet long. The outcroppings show
two more ore shoots, the third should
be reached in a very short distance, as
indications point to close proximity to
ore, and the fourth within 200 feet. The
first and second ore shoots contain to
the surface about 2,000 tons of ore
which will average $20 in gold and sil-
ver, 5 percent in copper and 5 percent
in lead, per ton. Stoping has been done
in the second ore shoot for a distance
of sixty feet. Two hundred tons have
been taken from this stope, twenty-six
of which were milled at the Crowned
King mill: the balance is on the dump.
The twenty-six tons are unquestionably
a fair average of the shoot and the
dump, except that no account was
kept of the copper and lead.
Forty samples from different parts
of the ledge showed an average of $20
in gold and silver per ton.
The facilities for working the mine
are excellent, as there is an abundance
of water and plenty of wood for fuel
and for timbering. Mr. Ralney said
that a plant would be put in this
spring, since all doubts concerning the
character of the property had been
favorably settled.
The gentlemen who are associated
with Mr. Ralney have just set on foot
the largest cement company in the
world and through him have been in-
duced to turn their attention to mining.
The company is a very wealthy one,
so that a lack of money will not stand
in the way of extensive operations.
Speaking of mines and the ill repute
into which those of Arizona had fallen,
Mr. Ralney said: "I know of no min-
ing region in the world where a really
good property can be bought on such
reasonable terms as in Arizona. Every-
where else, in Colorado, for instance,
a mine which has been shown to be
a mine cannot be touched for less than
a million." Mr. Ralney left last night
for Detroit.
FAITH IN ARIZONA
A Los Angeles Investor Who Sees
Things as They Are.
Mr. C. J. George of Los Angeles, an
uncle of Mr. H. I. Latham, spent yes-
terday in Phoenix visiting with rela-
tives and left last night for Jerome.
He was in Prescott on business and
came down simply on a visit and to
see Phoenix, which he had heard a
great deal about. He is largely inter-
ested in four or five mining and oil
companies which have headquarters in
Los Angeles and which own some good
properties in Arizona.
Speaking of Phoenix, he said he was
agreeably surprised in the size of the
place and the business activity that
abounds. He spent a good part of the
day driving around the town and to
the nearby places of interest. He made
careful note of the modern and up-to-date
appearance of the buildings, the
broad streets and the general appear-
ance of prosperity, and said many
things complimentary to the town and
its residents.
Mr. George spent Monday buying a
gold mine for himself and his partner,
Mr. Elmer C. Chapman of Los An-
geles. The mine purchased is what is
known as the Lincoln property adjoining
the Crown King. It has been
owned by Mr. E. E. Lincoln for the
last twenty-two years and considerable
development work has been done upon
it from time to time. It is a gold
property and there are two claims on
one large vein, the ore body being well
exposed by cuts, shafts and drifts. It
assays $40 per ton, though by the pres-
ent process of reduction $25 would be a
good average estimate of what can be
saved. But this is rich ore, especially
when it is found in quantity. Mr.
George was agreeably surprised by his
examination of the property as he
found really more ore than had been
represented to him, a circumstance un-
usual to men who go to look at min-
ing prospects. The ore is free milling
and there is now a little stamp mill on
the property. Development work will
be continued and Mr. George confident-
ly expects that he will live to see the
purchase an exceptionally good invest-
ment. Mr. George is also largely inter-
ested in the Verde King copper property ad-
joining the United Verde and his visit
to Jerome is on business connected
therewith. He says work is progressing
in three drifts on this property
about ten men being employed and the
ore gets constantly better as work pro-
ceeds. There are eighteen claims in the
Verde King group and development
work is being done on most of them.
He is firmly of the opinion that the
Verde King will some day be as fa-
mous as the United Verde now is, as
there is everything for encouragement
in the present prospects. In fact, the
prospective value of the property is so
great that $250,000 offered for it by Buf-
falo parties was passed up.
Mr. George says that he thinks that
the natural resources of Arizona are
far more alluring to the investor than
the gold-ribbed hills of Colorado.
Water is the great drawback. With
plenty of water Arizona would be
practically a sure thing for every ju-
dicious person who risked his money.
On his recent trip through Yavapai
he said he saw probably twenty-five
little mills that were not running on
account of a short water supply and
their owners lacked either the capital
or the confidence necessary for the
development of water. He saw claim
after claim with good ore in evidence
and in paying quantities. He was
shown a number of claims that could
be bought for almost nothing, that
with a little water would readily be
sold for five times the present value.
Arizona is of course unusually dry at
present, and in all probability will
never be in a worse condition, but even
in wet seasons steps should be taken
by those who intend to stay with the
country in providing for permanent
water, not only in the valleys but in
the hills.
Asked about the oil boom in Cali-
fornia, Mr. George said it was on a
good basis. Considerable money has
been lost by those who invested care-
lessly and a great deal has been made
by those who were careful. Wildcat-
ting has practically died out and most
of the companies still doing business
are legitimate. Some having good
properties have been unfortunate in
their development, but the companies
that were properly managed and had
anything to manage are doing well
and their stockholders are contented.

DAY IN CONGRESS

River and Harbor Bill
Dragging in the House
THE ARMY MEASURE
An Amendment Striking Out the Dis-
cretionary Authority Clause Laid
on the Table The Naval Appro-
priation Bill Ready For Introduc-
tion Progress of Work on the
War Tax Reduction Bill.
Washington, Jan. 15. The house
spent another day on the river and
harbor bill without completing it.
Twenty-six pages were disposed of to-
day. Some progress was made by the sen-
ate in the consideration of the army
reorganization bill. One amendment
that has created much debate, was dis-
posed of, and a tacit agreement has
been reached for a vote very soon.
Mr. Bacon's amendment striking out
of the bill the discretionary authority
conferred upon the president to in-
crease the size of the army was laid
on the table.
NAVAL BILL READY.
Washington, Jan. 15. The house na-
val affairs committee today completed
consideration of the naval appropri-
ation bill and Chairman Foss was di-
rected to report the bill to the house.
No authorization of additional vessels
of the Holland submarine class will be
recommended by the committee at this
time.
WAR REDUCTION MEASURE.
Washington, Jan. 15. The senate
committee on finance today considered
the war revenue reduction bill, but did
not reach a conclusion upon the meas-
ure as a whole, although several
changes of detail were tentatively de-
cided upon. These the committee
formally decided not to make public,
because of the importunities they think
the publication would bring upon them.
THE SHAMROCK'S KEEL.
Glasgow, Jan. 15. The keel of Sham-
rock II, challenger for the America's
cup, was run while the Dennis yard
was closed on New Year's day.
BRADY'S CONFIDENCE.
Kansas City, Jan. 15. William A.
Brady wiring today from New York
says he is still confident that a fight
will take place at Cincinnati.
NO FIGHT IN MAINE.
Augusta, Maine, Jan. 15. Governor
Hill has declined to permit, under any
circumstances, the Jeffries-Johnson
prize fight to be held in Maine in the
event of interference at Cincinnati.
THE SUPREME COURT
One Case Put on the Calendar, An-
other Continued.
The only business transacted in su-
preme court yesterday was the reset-
ting for January 18 of the case of
George Martini appellant, vs. Gust A.
Hoff, mayor of Tucson, appellee, from
Pima county, and the entering upon
the calendar of the case of the Terri-
tory, appellant, vs. Dan Sullivan and
Kittle Sullivan, respondents, also from
Pima county. The first action grew
out of the dispute in Tucson over the
ownership of the so-called military
plaza, in which it was claimed by the
appellant and others who squatted
upon it that the government's title to
it had never been relinquished. In the
district court the city's title was sus-
tained. The other case was brought
up by the district attorney of Pima
county to get a ruling on a law point.
Whatever the opinion of the court may
be, it cannot disturb the respondents,
who are at liberty.
The case of the Sullivans is a pecu-
liar one. Mrs. Sullivan had been for
some time engaged in a neighborhood
quarrel with another woman in a min-
ing camp south of Tucson, where they
lived. The quarrel was continued day
after day without apparently ap-
proaching a head until Sullivan, who
was a man of action rather than;
words, grew weary and desirous of
witnessing the end of it. One day he
got the women together and compelled
them to fight. He stood by with a
revolver as a precaution against inter-
ference by unthinking outsiders who
did not know how he had been an-
noyed by the protracted wordy dis-
turbance. It was a desperate, and
bloody encounter, but Mrs. Sullivan,
encouraged by the presence or fear of
her husband, proved to be the better
woman and, as a witness said, "finally
knocked the stuffing" out of the other
woman. Sullivan and his wife were
arrested on a charge of murderous as-
sault, and having been convicted be-
fore Judge Davie, were sentenced to
the penitentiary. They were subse-
quently pardoned.
William Wall, whose appeal from
the judgment of Judge Doan of Pinal
county, where he had been convicted
of murder, was dismissed last Monday,
is in the territorial asylum for the in-
sane.