COPY
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN : PHOENIX, THURSDAY MORNING, MAY 14, 1891.

II "

a

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.

The REPUBLICAN has double the circulation
of any other daily newspaper in Arizona, and
is the only one taking full press dispatches.
All contract and bills for advertising payable monthly.
Preferred Local 10 cents per line first
insertion, and 5 cents per line each subsequent
insertion.
STRAWBERRY CULTURE.
Directions for Proper Planting and Cultivation. The land best adapted to strawberries
is light, moderately rich upland. If manure is used at all, it should be well
rotted and free from live seeds of grass
or weeds.
Elevated land is not as liable to injurious frosts as low lands.
As a general thing, irrigation is preferable, but in some counties on the
Coast, thorough cultivation without irrigation will give good results. But generally, irrigation must be had. This
fact has much to do with the location.
Strawberries can be irrigated in hill
sides and on rolling land very nearly as
well as on dead level land, by having the rows strictly to conform to the contour of the land. The rows must run
around the slope on very nearly a level; the end of the row where it is to receive
the water should be a little higher than
the other, so as to give a gentle current
as it flows between the rows.
The land should be very deeply
plowed early in Autumn, or what is better, plowed and subsoiled. This kills
the cutworms and many other insects.
The actual planting may be done at
any time from the first rains until the
first of May, though February is the
safest time in California and further
north in Oregon as early in spring as the
soil is in good condition.
When not irrigated we run furrows
as straight and as deep as possible,
three to four feet apart, with
a small "land side" or turning plow,
the land having been fresh plowed a
few days before, and then set the plants
a foot apart. If the plants are in full
growth when planting all the immature
leaves should be cut away, and one
third of the lower ends of the roots cut
off with a sharp knife. Place the plant
against the land side, with the top of
the crown of the plant just even with
the surface. Spread out the roots fan
shape and pack the soil firmly. One or
two handfuls of soil is sufficient. A
finisher following with a hoe, completes
the job. Place the foot against the
plant as left by the planter, and press it
snugly and then draw the soil up to it
with the hoe. Be careful not to cover
the crown.
The planter should always plant from
a wide, shallow pan, where the plants
are kept with their roots in water, so as
to go into the ground dripping wet. A
few days after the furrow can be filled
up and the soil moved up to the plants
with a small shovel or double shovel
plow, being careful not to cover up the
plants. Plants covered up below the
thin face of the crown cannot grow.
Where the field is to be irrigated, with
a small plow the land should be thrown
into low beds two and one-half feet wide,
leaving dead furrows or ditches be
tween, one foot wide. On these beds
the plants should be set in two rows
lengthwise with the beds, sixteen inches
apart, with the plants one foot apart.
These are best planted with a light
spade, by a tightly-stretched wire.
Thrust the spade down beside the wire
and press it backwards, then forward.
Thrust the trimmed plant in behind
the spade, spreading out the roots fan
shaped, and hold it until the spade is
withdrawn. Be careful to have the
upper side of the crown slightly beneath
the surface, set the feet on each side
of the plant, and give gentle pressure.
Irrigation may be accomplished by
running a shovel plow in the furrows
between the rows, and running water in
them. In two to four days after running a double shovel plow in the furrows, and when needed, water again.
The plants must be kept free from
weeds, and the soil kept fine, mellow,
and shallow with the hoe or hand culti
vator. It cannot be too strongly urged to use
the double shovel plow, and in some
cases the single shovel plow. They are
both grand tools for summer cultiva
tion, and far ahead of the land side or
mold-board plow. The one-horse turn
ing plow was relegated to the fence cor
ner a generation ago in the prairie
States; it is an ante-deluvian tool.
For the cultivation of a young orchard
or small farms, a good double shovel
one-horse plow is all the tool one wants
for keeping the soil in order, except in
orchards where possibly one winter
plowing with a two-horse turning plow.
Then for after cultivation use the double
shovel or a two-horse cultivator. Always
use the double shovel next to small trees.
It is time wasted, more than wasted,
for a farmer to go scalping around with
a one-horse land side plow, while he
could do double the work and do it
twice as well with a good double shovel.
In garden planting and culture of the
strawberry, the plan is about the same
as above. Make the rows two foot
apart, with the plants eight to ten
inches apart in the row, with the water
ditch deep but not wide between.
Water should never be put on the
plants, plenty in the ditches will suffice.
When doing a nice job of planting
strawberries in the garden, have the
soil dug or plowed deeply and made
fine. Stretch a guide line for the rows,
with spade or hoe dig out a little basin
deep enough for the plant. With the
hands, shape a little conical mound in
the center of the basin. Set the roots
astride of this mound, spreading them
out evenly, cover them up to the
crown with soil, then pour in a pint or
so of water. Let them stand so for an
hour, then with a hoe draw in a little
soil, then place a foot on each side, giv
ing them your whole weight, draw some
more loose soil over your tracks, and
the planting is done. D. B. Wier.
Novelties.
The novelty crop this spring is a fine
one, though it is a crop that seldom
fails. We have moon flowers and day
moon flowers, wine berries, ever-bearing
strawberries, tree tomatoes, winter mel
ons, rat and sparrow catching chickens,
a score of the earliest peas, sure-head
cabbages, etc. It is best to stick to the
old tried kinds. The novelties are sel
dom heard from after the first lot is sold.

THE CHESHIRE HOG.

"How Can Such Small Bones Hold Up
Such Big Hogs?"
Like most of the best breeds now in
this country, the Cheshire hog originated
in the United States. It took its rise in
Jefferson county, N. Y. The breed
started in a cross of large Yorkshires
with native boars of fine quality. They
have now been established long enough
to have characteristics of their own.
What these characteristics are the editor
of the Cheshire Herd Book, Mr. B. M.
Davis, tells us in The Rural New Yorker,
from which the accompanying cut is
taken. Mr. Davis writes:

CHESHIRE HOG.
The Cheshire is a long, broad hog
in shape which of course gives heavy
hams and shoulders. The head is very
short in proportion to the length of the
body, the face slightly dished, the ears
thin, small and erect and the nose
straight. Looking at one a person would
say that the nose, compared with that of
the Small Yorkshire, was long, but in
proportion to the length of the body it is
quite as short as that of a Yorkshire,
while the head, taken as a whole, is of
less weight than the head of a Yorkshire.
The texture of both flesh and bone is
fine and compact, hence, though the
bones are very small, the animals never
break down.
One often hears the remark at fairs:
"I don't see how such small bones hold
up such big hogs." This fineness of cel
lular texture gives the very best quality
of meat, both lean and fat being firm
and solid, not soft and flabby or lardy,
like the flesh of many other breeds.
Cheshires have a larger proportion of
lean meat than any other hogs. In this
respect they stand unequaled, and
hence are the best to meet the present
requirements of the butcher. The de
mand now is for lean meat, not fat.
Let any one feed a Cheshire in the same
pen with pigs of other breeds and the
Cheshire will give the most lean meat.
If fed with a small Yorkshire one will have the two extremes of all the breeds,
the Cheshire giving the most lean meat,
the Yorkshire the least.
At the New York and New England
fair at Albany an aged gentleman came
along and remarked, "This is the best
breed of hogs in the world." He then
stated that he was a butcher in Albany,
and that the Cheshire was the best hog
to cut up in the market because it had
the most lean meat, and he added, "I
can tell a Cheshire as soon as it goes
into the scalding vat; for it will sink
right to the bottom, and no other hog
will do that." I was aware of the fact
that Cheshires weighed more according
to looks than other hogs, but their sink
ing in the scalding water was new to
me. This must come from their larger
proportions of lean meat—lean being
heavier than bones or fat.
Another quality, which most people
would probably consider the most im
portant of all, is their rapid growth or
early maturity. At nine months or un
der Cheshires will outweigh on the aver
age any other breed. The best weights
I can personally vouch for are the fol
lowing: A pig from a litter from which
most of the pigs were shipped was fat
tened. It was dressed when 8 months
and 14 days old and weighed 410 pounds.
Forty pounds of lard were taken from
the entrails, which are not included in
the 410 pounds. A litter of seven killed
when exactly 9 months and 1 day old
averaged 100 pounds. These pigs, of
course, were very fat, but there was a
large amount of lean meat. The feeder
of Cheshires can have lean meat only or
both lean and fat as he may prefer. He
will get the lean meat anyway. If he
wants fat he can get it atop of the lean by longer and better feeding. Cheshire
pigs of about 6 months of age, dressing
200 to 250 pounds, are the best that can
possibly be obtained for market purposes.
Farmers call the Cheshires tame. At
farrowing time this tameness is very im
portant, especially if the weather is cold.
At such times my practice is to throw a
blanket over the sow, and as the little
fellows arrive they are placed under the
blanket against the udders of the mother.
In a few moments they are dry and warm
and vigorously fighting with their fellows
for choice of position. I never have any
trouble in treating sows in this way.
Young sows with their first litters lie as
quietly as those that have raised pigs for
years. It is not necessary to take a club
when one goes into the pen to catch a pig.

Points of Interest.
In Dallas and Fort Worth hog packing
establishments have been started. The
two together can dispose of 1,500 hogs a
day. The new south will not, apparently,
import bacon from the north.
If your live stock has come out poor
and vermin covered from the winter, it
is a sign that you have not half fed it,
and even with the fattest pastures it
will take the animals half the summer
to catch up even. Starve yourself if
you want to economize, but never
shorten the rations of a poor dumb brute
that cannot help itself.
George E. Newell says he knew once a
mean, stingy farmer who kept his oxen
poor as scarecrows and sold the hay they
ought to have had to be fed to the ani
mals in lumber camps in the neighbor
hood. One Christmas day he felt good,
and thought to do an act that would
help his miserly soul along on the road
to heaven. So he drove his two poor,
hungry oxen into the barn and let them
have just one good big feed, a Christ
mas dinner, off the hay. He undoubt
edly felt afterward that he had done a
truly virtuous action in letting the poor
brutes have all they wanted to eat for
one single day in their lives. That old
fellow himself ought to have had allowed
to him just one sufficient meal in the
year, on Christmas day.

Ill Treatment of Europeans,
Shanghai, May 13. Anti-European
riots have taken place at Wuhu.
Natives burned the Catholic mission
and a number of other European build
ings. The Europeans have taken refuge
upon vessels in the river. The British
ship Inconstant has been ordered to
proceed immediately to the scene.

Threatened With Expulsion
London, May 13. The Belgian Gov
ernment has threatened to expel General
Boulanger from that country unless he
remains silent on political matters.

THE MARKETS.

New York, May 13. Copper, nominal. Lead,
domestic, $1.21. Tin, Straits, $20.20. Prime mer
cantile paper, unchanged. Sterling exchange,
easier. Sixty day bills, 4.85; demand, $1.68.
Bar silver, 53c.

CHICAGO.
Chicago, May 10.—Cattle—Receipts 11,000.
The market was irregular. Extra to prime,
$1.00 &c. others $1.00@1.25; Texas, $0.60.
Calves, cows and feeders, 10,000 00.
Hogs Receipts, 27,000. The market was
weak and lower. Rough and common, $1.75
@1.85; mixed and packers, $1.70@1.80; prime
heavy and butchers' weights, $1.85@1.95; light,
$1.70@1.80.
Sheep Receipts, 10,000. The market was
quiet and lower. Natives, $5.50@6.00; lambs,
$3.75@5; Westerns, $4.50@5.75.

SAN FRANCISCO.
San Francisco, May 13. Closing quotations
on the Produce Exchange were:
Wheat—Quiet. Buyer '91, $1.73½.
Barley Inactive. Buyer season, $1.15.
Corn, $1.50@1.90.
Mexican dollars, 78¾c.
Silver bars—97¾c.

FRUITS.
Strawberries—$11.50 per chest for Sharpless,
$5 for Longworth.
Cherries 30@35c for white, and 75c per box
for black.
Apples $1.75@2.50 per box.
Mexican limes $7.60 per box.
Lemons—City, $1.00 to $1.50; California lemons, $2.00@2.50 for Riverside, and $1.50@2.50 per box for Los
Angeles.
Oranges—Riverside Navels, $2.50; Riverside
Seedlings, $1.25@1.50 for all sizes, and $1.00@1.25
for regular sizes; Los Angeles Navels, $2.25;
Los Angeles Seedlings, $1.50 per box.
Bananas $3.50@4.25 per bunch.

The Celebrated French Cure,
Called "APHRODITINE"
Is Sold on a
POSITIVE
GUARANTEE
to cure any form
of nervous debility
or any disorder of
the generative organs of either sex,
whether arising
from the excessive
use of Stimulants,
Tobacco or Opium, or through youthful indiscretion, overindulgence, etc. Such loss of brain
power, Wakefulness, Bearing down Pains in the
back, general Weakness, Hysteria, Nervous Prostration, Nocturnal Emission, Leucorrhœa, Diz
ziness, Weak Memory, Loss of Power and Impo
tency, which if neglected often lead to premature
old age and insanity. Price $1.00 a box, 6 boxes
for $5. Sent by mail on receipt of price.
A PERFECT GUARANTEE is given for
every $5.00 order received, to refund the money if a
permanent cure is not effected. We have
thousands of testimonials from old and young,
of both sexes, who have been permanently cured
by the use of Aphroditine. Circular free. Address
THE APHRO MEDICINE CO.
Victoria Branch, Box 27, Portland, Or.
For Sale by E. K. HOWELL, Druggist
Phoenix, Arizona. V. O. sec 299.

WELL-DRESSED MAN
No man is well-dressed whose Clothes
DO NOT FIT HIM. For
A PERFECT FIT,
THE LATEST STYLES
And BEST GOODS
go to
D. NICHOLSON
The MERCHANT TAILOR,
PHOENIX, - - ARIZONA
A fine line of goods always on hand to select
from. A perfect fit guaranteed. Give me
a call. 38-tf

CHANGE OF FIRM.
J. W. Dorris : R. W. Draper
J. W. DORRIS & CO.,
(Successors to R. W. Draper & Co.)
DEALERS IN
Staple and Fancy
GROCERIES,
Fruits, : Candies, : etc.
TWO DOORS EAST OF BEE HIVE

GEO. H. WONFOR,
Artist and Photographer
Jefferson St., next Ryder's Lumber Yard,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
Cabinet Photographs, $3 per Dozen
Enlarging And Painting From Small Pictures
a Specialty.

MOUNTAIN
NURSERY
SAN BERNARDINO, CAL.
Fine Budded Orange and
Lemon Trees.
FIRST Class, 4½ to 6 Feet.
Second Class, 2½ to 4 Feet.
ORANGES.
Seedling Trees,
Seed Bed Orange Plants,
Washington Navels,
Mediterranean Sweets.
LEMONS.
Seedling Trees,
Lisbon Lemons,
Eureka Lemons.
A FULL LINE OF OTHER
Nursery Stock
FOR SALE.
ADDRESS
T. S. INGHAM,
San Bernardino, Cal.

THE ARIZONA
SUGAR COMPANY

THE EXCEPTIONAL INDUCEMENTS OFFERED BY THE GOVERNMENT
of the United States and the Territory of Arizona for the cultivation of Sugar
Beets and the manufacture of domestic Sugars have encouraged the undersigned
to organize a company under the general incorporation laws of the Territory of
Arizona, styled

The capital stock of the company is
one hundred thousand (100,000) shares
of ten ($10) dollars each.
One-half of the capital stock will be
sold in the Territory of Arizona, payable
in land adapted to the cultivation of
sugar beets, sugar cane, sorghum and sac
charine products at the market price.
The other half will be sold for cash, at
not less than par, for the purpose of pur
chasing, importing and erecting machin
ery adapted to manufacturing domestic
sugar.
The fifty thousand shares reserved for
the farmers can be paid for at any time
within five years from the date of the
organization in land or its saccharine
productions, such as sugar beets, sugar
cane, sorghum, etc., etc., and the sub
scribers will be entitled to draw a divi
dend pro rata on payments made.
The fifty thousand cash shares must
be fully paid on delivery, and will be
entitled to a full dividend semi-annually.
It is reasonably expected that the
company can declare a dividend of 25
per cent per annum on current business,
and have some land left.
After the capital stock shall have been
disposed of and one-half fully paid in
cash, the company will be authorized to
issue bonds equal to one-half of the capital
stock, secured by mortgage upon all the
property of the company, payable in twenty years, with interest at the rate of 5 per centum per annum, payable semi-annually, for the purpose
of devoting the proceeds to the purchase
of land, and for no other purpose; pro
vided, always, that these bonds cannot
be issued nor a mortgage on the prop
erty executed without the approval of a
majority of the shareholders.
The Government of the United States
offers to pay a bounty of two cents per
pound or 10 dollars per ton on domestic
manufactured sugar, and to admit free
of duty, until the first day of July, 1892,
all machinery required for its manu
facture. The Territorial Legislature, at its last
session, passed an act exempting all
land used in the cultivation of sugar
beets, as well as the plant and machin
ery employed in the manufacture of do
mestic sugar, from taxation for ten
years.
We imported from foreign countries
during the last fiscal year, sugar, mol
asses, candy and confectionery to the
value of $105,203,820, or sent away up
wards of one hundred million dollars,
which can be retained at home by en
couraging the manufacture of domestic
sugar.
The average yield of saccharine matter
from sugar beets in France is only 9 per
cent, in Germany 10 per cent.
In California the average yield is 15
percent.
It is confidently believed that the soil
and sun of Arizona will yield a much
larger polarization from sugar beets
than France, Germany, California, or any
other country; and if these premises are
correct, the profits will exceed that of any
other sugar factory in the United States.

The undersigned have no interest in the enterprise beyond
the promotion of the public welfare, and submit the subject
for consideration.
Subscriptions will be received at the Valley Bank.

WILLIAM CHRISTY,
B. A. FICKAS,
WILLIAM A. HANCOCK,
C. H. LIGHT,
E. GANZ,
C. MEYER ZULICK,
SAMUEL F. WEBB.

SUGAR COMPANY.

The farmers who may subscribe to the
stock of the company will have a vital
and personal interest in the production
of sugar beets.
Farmers and capitalists can estimate
the chances of loss and gain as well as
the directors of the company, but it may
be premised that agricultural land free
from taxation forms a safe investment,
and that machinery which can be im
ported free of duty and enjoys immu
nity from taxation, is only subject to
loss by fire, which can be covered by
insurance.
Land in Arizona will produce at least
twenty tons of sugar beets per acre,
twice annually.
The market price will depend upon
the quantity of saccharine.
Sugar beets require neither bagging
nor storage; but are eaten at the mill, and
the company might even be able to ad
vance money on unencumbered land de
voted to their cultivation.
It is a matter of consequence in some
parts of Arizona that sugar beets ex
tract alkali from the soil better than any
other production.
After supplying the home market in
Arizona with sugar, molasses, confec
tions, etc., transportation is the most
serious question, and the smaller bulk
the production of the country can be
reduced into the better for the producer.
Sugar will bear transportation better
than hay, grain, or ores.
A sugar mill at some railway depot
with a capacity of 100 tons per day, at
$5 per ton for sugar beets, would be a
great benefit to the farmers and mer
chants of Arizona.
The cooperative system of offering the
farmers one-half of the capital stock
payable in the productions required for
the mill has worked well in Germany
and France, and in fact the cooperative
system in every country is the out
growth of civilization.
The farmer's interest in the company
will be a guarantee to the non-resident
shareholders of a vigilant watchfulness
over the management, and by united ef
fort a staple production may be intro
duced in Arizona which will enliven the
source of all permanent prosperity.

AGRICULTURE.
It is not to be overlooked that after the
saccharine matter is extracted from
sugar beets the residuum forms excellent
food for sheep, cattle, hogs, poultry,
etc., and the soil is not wasted.
The cultivation of sugar beets may be
carried on by the least intelligent labor.
Indians, Mexicans, children may all be
employed in transplanting the beets and
gathering the crop. Only the mill re
quires intelligent labor.
Sugar industries are being started in
many States of the Union less adapted
by nature to the growth of saccharine
products than Arizona, and an effort on
the part of the residents may encourage
assistance from abroad.

CHARLES D. FOSTON,
M. WORMSER,
N. O. MURPHY,
C. H. VEIL,
M. E. COLLINS,
CHARLES GOLDMAN,

TUCSON ADVERTISEMENTS.

"MAISON DOREE."
Tucson, Arizona.
: : : MRS. S. C. DREW, PROPRIETRESS.

The Only First-Class Restaurant in Tucson
FRESH OYSTERS, FISH AND SPRING CHICKENS CONSTANTLY ON HAND.

Meals at all hours both day and night. Fine dinners prepared for Social
Clubs, Societies or Families. Private rooms at the disposal of guests. Every
thing first-class in every respect.

WEDDERBEE & PERRY
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCERS
: Agents for the California Powder Company's :
Mining, Blasting & Sporting Powders
CAPS, FUSE, ETC.
ALSO AGENTS FOR THE COLUMBUS BUGGY COMPANY'S
Buggies and Light Wagons of Every Description
All orders by mail promptly filled. : TUCSON, A. T.

HUGHES, STEVENS & CO.
(Successor to STEVENS & DUQUES)

STOVES,
TINWARE,
LAMPS
AND ALL KINDS OF
KITCHEN FURNITURE,
REFRIGERATORS,
CROCKERY,
GLASSWARE, CUTLERY,
JAPANWARE, HARDWARE,
TOOLS OF ALL KINDS,
GARDEN AND LAWN HOSE,
SPRINKLERS, ETC.
MOLINE WAGONS,
Buckboards and all kinds of Road Vehicles,
Carriages and Carts. All kinds of Tin,
Sheet Iron and Copper work, Plumbing and Gas
Fitting done promptly and satisfactorily.
TUCSON,

WELDITE BRONZE
MONUMENTS
Full Information, Designs and Prices can be obtained from
E. E. BRIDGEMAN, Agent,
P.O. BOX 7.
whenever you
: be sure to

International Hotel

WHY?
T. A. JONES,

MILLS HOUSE

NEWLY RENOVATED AND REMODELED.
ALL THE ROOMS ON GROUND FLOOR
Headquarters for Commercial Travelers. : : : Best Table in Arizona
GOOD SAMPLE ROOMS AND FIRST CLASS BAR CONNECTED
PHOENIX, ARIZONA

J. A. BLACK
Jeweler -
113 CONGRESS STREET,
TUCSON, : . ARIZONA
ELGIN
DIAMONDS
WALTHAM
JEWELRY
SPRINGFIELD
And HOWARD WATCHES.
Finest work done at short notice. Orders by
mail or express especially solicited.
$100 REWARD!
GIVEN ANYONE WHO CAN GET
Better Free Hot Lunch
OR
BETTER BEER, WHISKY OR
CIGARS
And Have More Fun for the Money at any other
place than
JIMMIE'S
ST. LOUIS EXCHANGE
TUCSON, - - ARIZONA.

THE "ON TIME,"
MOHAWK
and CHARTER OAK
STOVES,
WINDMILLS and
PUMPING MACHINERY,
WOOD'S MOWERS AND RAKES,
OLIVER CHILLED PLOWS,
BARBED WIRE,
HORSE POWERS,
PIPES, GAS AND WATER PIPES,
GLASSWARE,
TABLE AND POCKET CUTLERY,
WINDMILLS
AND AGRICULTURAL
IMPLEMENTS

ARIZONA-
PHOENIX, A. T.
go to nogales
Stop at the :

Because it is first-class in every respect.
Because it is the headquarters for commercial travelers.
Because the rates are reasonable.
Because there is a fine Bar, Sample Rooms and Livery Stable
connected.

: : : Proprietor

Do You Use Printing?
IF SO, DON'T SEND TO CALIFORNIA FOR
It. We know most of the Job Printing for Tuc
son is done outside the Territory, owing to high
prices and inferior quality of work, but by send
ing to us for samples and prices we can satisfy
you we can do as good work as anybody at Cal
ifornia prices.
REPUBLICAN
JOB DEPARTMENT
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.

HANCOCK BANNING
Importer of and Wholesale and Retail
Dealer In
Wellington Coal
MOST ECONOMICAL AND BEST FOR
all purposes.
A CARGO OF THIS CELEBRATED COAL
now discharging at San Pedro. Ideal direct from the mine and am prepared to supply
customers at lowest market price. Office, 130
West Second Street; yards, 838 North Main
Street, adjoining the J. M. Griffith lumberyard
LOS ANGELES, CAL.