PAGE TWO

A prerequisite of the other, and the
board of supervisors are vested with
the duty of picking out five men
upon whom shall devolve, and does
devolve under this statute, the duty
of first enlightening the public as
to what roads are needed, the amount
of money that is required to do the
particular job, and then, if the public
sees fit with that information before
it, to act as the agent of the public
in building the roads.
What the Statute Says
“The statute says that whenever
the county, its taxpayers, or board
of supervisors as is now provided by
legislation, think something should
be done along this line, they should
appoint a commission who shall do
the things I have already suggested,
make a report to the board of super
visors, and the board of supervisors
shall lay it before the public, and
then after some other proceedings,
the matter of voting bonds is sub
mitted to the public.
Whatever authority there is here
for the life of this commission de
pends upon this resolution of the
board of supervisors. The particular
paragraph that has to do with the
employment of this commission reads

Outing Togs
FOR WOMEN
The new styles for Spring are
now on display—offering many
new ideas in Khaki, Wool, Gaberdine
and Tweed,
Knicker Suits
—Women’s 2-piece Knicker Suits
of grey tweed. Ideal for golf and
all outdoor wear—priced at $27.60.
Riding Suits
—of Gaberdine —Coat in smart
sport model with laced riding
breeches, priced at only $14.50,
Khaki Knickers
—separate Knickers for khaki.
Just received and selling at only
$4.00.
Khaki Coats
—Both short and ¾ lengths—
smartly styled with belts and
pockets priced at $6.00, $5.80, $6.00
and $5.70.
ALSO—Skirts, Riding Breeches,
Caps, Hats and Puttees of khaki
at various prices,
—Basement Section —
Phone 4391
Established 1862

Clip this—send it to an out-of-town friend. It’s one of
the colorful tolling of Phoenix and its rapid advancement.
SALT RIVER VALLEY
A Great Grain Producing District
The Salt River Valley is noted for its extremely
large yields of grains. It is not uncommon to find
a production of 50 bushels to the acre, and yields
of 60 bushels are found occasionally. In fact,
valley lands will produce sufficient surplus of
grains and grain sorghums over lands in other
famous grain-producing sections to pay the added
costs incident to irrigation.
DIRECTORS The crop season of 1921 found the acreage
e. a. tovrea, devoted to grains and sorghums in the valley more
President A. S. Prokopp, Co. of Phoenix. than that of 1920 and showing also an increase over the acreages of the last five years.
Present Bank of Phoenix 23,000 acres were planted to wheat, 5,000 to corn,
•J&JSTAES. Gr.c.ry c. 8,000 to oats and 20,000 to barley, making a total
gram acreage of 56,000. The estimated value of
DONALD DUNBAR the crop was: Wheat, $843,000; corn, $135,000; oats, $160,000; barley,
Vice-Pres. Dulmafle A. Dunbar moo 0) , oPflhumß , $27,225.
EO C BRADFORD, The most attractive side of grain growing in the valley is that most
Cahler Bank of Phoenix. farmers raise two full crops, one of grain and one of sorghum, such as
milo, hegaria, etc. From June to December sorghums are raised and from
RICHARD E. SLOAN December until June small grains are grown. This fact alone makes
Attorney Salt River Valley land worth twice as much as grain lands in the best
Manager Colling* Va- Co-operating whenever possible, with ranchmen and farmers, the
. ■ m Harness Co. financial institutions of Phoenix have given valuable assistance in aiding
the development of the Salt River Valley
p =^sas^==rxsassae^e=S=esSSsaKmmmsr^ammammr aa ° f theS ® | n,titu V on f> the Bank
~~ * r * making this wondrous valley
| more famous as an agricultural region.
ff lfl(£!ffi& of Phoenix
J | Central Avenue

as follows: ‘To the foregoing end, the
board of supervisors of said Maricopa
county does hereby appoint each and
all of the members of the highway
commission for Maricopa county as
the same is now constituted—.’ Well,
if the board had left out all that ref
erence to the present board of com
missioners, ‘as it is now constituted,’
it would have saved a lot of confusion
like enough: but the gist of it is, to
wit, ‘We do hereby appoint E. E.
Hackett, A. F. Jones, P. T. Hurley, J.
O. Peterson and A. A. Carrick as
members of the highway commission
for Maricopa county’—For what? —
‘to have jurisdiction relative to the
proposed additional bond issue.’
Says Wording Is Complete
Now, that appears to me to say all
that the statute contemplates could be
said. They said, ‘We have a notion
there should be some more bonds is
sued. We appoint these five men
who shall have jurisdiction relative
to this bond issue.’ Now, that is all
there is of it. Then after the report
comes in they pass some more reso
lutions which is in the nature of a call
for bond election. Now, this is what
they say in regard to that. I think it
has been intimated here that the time
of the appointment of the commission
and calling of the election should be
coincident. I am not quite sure
whether this is so or not. In any
event, the board of supervisors took
two resolutions instead of one. In the
second resolution, however, they do
refer to what they have done prev
iously in this language, ‘Whereas,
heretofore and on the 16th day of
August, 1920.’ —that was the date of
the resolution I just read in part—
‘the board of supervisors did duly and
regularly appoint, as provided by law,
each and all of the members of the
then existing highway commission,
they identify them as the men who
were already on the first highway
commission, but there is no uncer
tainty about who they meant —‘each
and all of the members of the then
existing highway commission for
Maricopa county as members of the
highway commission for Maricopa
county to have jurisdiction relative to
the proposed bond issue hereinafter
mentioned.’ If this was a murder case
there wouldn’t have been any doubt
as to the men: they would certainly
have been identified as the men the
board had reference to, to have juris
diction of the second bond issue.
Now, that is all that they need to say
about that. That is all they do say
directly upon that question. And
then they go ahead by the same set
of resolutions and direct an election
to determine whether there should be
an issue of four and a half million of
bonds, and to be spent, of course, by
these men whom they have hereto
fore appointed,
Bond Is Staggering
“Now, is it possible that after the
board of supervisors have so unmis
takably, unequivocally and by a double
blow indicated five men who shall hold
that office, is it possible that the
court should say, ‘Well, those men
have not been appointed.’ Well, it
would be possible if they had not
qualified, and this is open to some
question. This bond is rather stag
gering in its terms, but I take it that
when a person has been appointed or
elected to a public office and he pre
sents to the person who is vested with
the duty of accepting a bond, he pre
sents to that functionary a bond
which he has in good faith bought,
paid for, and which to the layman’s
mind might seem to qualify him. He
presents a bond of that sort, and that
functionary says, ‘All right, Mr. Jones,
your bond is all right. We will just
take that bond.’ And he takes it and
endorses it with his approval, the law
officer of the county endorses it with
his approval and it is passed into the
records of the county, and the man
goes in blithely about his duties
thinking he is an all-right officer and
he sticks there for quite a long time,
the bond I think must be very radi
cally defective—I think it must be no
bond even in form that would warrant
a court in saying that that officer had
not qualified. The officer does all
that, in form at least, the law re
quires him to do. There is no ques

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, PHOENIX, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 8, 1922.

tion but what he has acted in good
faith, no question but what he has at
tempted to qualify: no question but
what he believes he had qualified. He
takes the oath of office. This bond,
while it is just as necessary, of
course, that it should be just as good
a bond as any other, yet it is merely
a perfunctory bond. It is only a thou
sand dollars. It is only intended —at
any rate, that is the only effect of it.
to indicate his good faith and pur
pose in qualifying as an officer. It
doesn’t afford any substantial secur
ity in the penalty involved in it—In
fact it seems to have been understood,
from what we gather from the resolu
tion that it was intended only as a
preliminary bond. No money was in
their hands for expenditure at that
time.
Can Require Additional Bond
The board of supervisors had the
right, and still have the right and
duty, to require the highway commis
sion to furnish whatever additional
bond the exigencies of the case re
quire. I do not know just to what
extent the surety on a bond is charged
with notice of the circumstances of
his principal’s appointment in office.
He is charged with some notice of
course. It is his duty to know, it is
his duty to avail himself of such
notice as is actually given him to
determine what liability he becomes
surety for.
“So that is all there is to this law
suit. Have they been appointed, and
have they qualified? I haven’t any
doubt but what they have been ap
pointed. I haven't any doubt but
what they have attempted in good
faith to qualify, and I have very little
doubt but what, while their qualifica
tion is not in very good form at least,
they have effectively qualified.
“Courts will not divest persons of
their robes of office unless there is
clear and conclusive reasons for it.
The restraining order will be dissolved
and the application for permanent
injunction will be denied.”
..... o
Lord Curzon Lauds
President's Effort
In Behalf of Peace
[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
LONDON, Feb. 7—Lord Curzon,
secretary for foreign affairs, in the
house of lords today referred to the
Washington conference in similar
terms as the premier’s speech in the
commons, paying tribute to the “bold
and wise” initiative of President
Harding and Secretary Hughes. He
emphasized the importance of a
treaty which removed barriers to
friendship between Great Britain, the
United States and Japan, involved in
an Anglo-Japanese alliance, and com
mended the good sense and public
spirit of all parties concerned, includ
ing Japanese delegates, who, he said,
conducted their case with unfailing
good temper, much sagacity and a
sincere desire, by conciliation, to ar
rive at good results.
He said he thought it would be a
great mistake to form a defensive and
offensive alliance with France. He
doubted if any government proposing
such an alliance would be supported
by the country. It was desirable to
get away from the old policy of mili
tary alliances, which had turned
Europe into armed camps. The gov
ernment ought to do nothing to en
courage such a policy.
Several of the peers spoke in com
plimentary terms of the work of the
Washington conference and the atti
tude of the Japanese delegates,
TO MEET AT NOGALES
NOGALES, Ariz., Feb. 7—The
Knights of Columbus lodge will hold
its annual state convention here in
May, it was announced today by
Frank J. Barry, past state deputy of
the lodge. Each of the eleven coun
cils in Arizona are entitled to send
two delegates. District deputies and
others also are expected to attend.
William P. Voita and C. P. Setsser,
both of Phoenix, are state deputy and
secretary respectively.
o
A silkworm, in its brief lifetime,
spins about 4000 yards of thread.

GRAIN PIES SOAR
WITH PROFIT-TAKING
SALES ONLY TO DROP
CHICAGO, Feb. 7. There were
rushes to buy wheat today with profit
taking sales in great volume. As a
result, new advances in price were
only maintained in part. The clos
ing was unsettled. ½c to ¾c net
higher, with May 1.28¼ to 1.28¾,
and July 1.11¾ to 1.11¼. Corn lost
½c to ¾c, oats finished un
changed to lower and provisions
at a decline of 12 to 30c.
At first wheat here scored an up
turn of about two cents, chiefly be
cause of encouragement which buy
ers had received from word of a fresh
rise in values at Liverpool and
Buenos Aires. Advices also were at
hand telling of continued reduction
of the small stock of wheat available
at Liverpool. Eagerness to purchase
was given further impetus owing to
reports of probable heavy abandon
ment of acreage in Kansas and be
cause of talk of the presence of the
green bug pest in Oklahoma. The
fact, however, that there had re
cently been an advance of 21c here,
was apparently believed by many
traders to have discounted all factors
enough. Selling to realize profits
took on huge proportions and for a
time caused the market to lose more
than the early advance. A moderate
rally which ensued during the late
trading was due in the main to cov
ering by shorts.
Corn and oats, after touching in
some cases the highest prices this
season, gave way under profit-tak
ing sales and an increase of country
offerings.
Selling ascribed to packers weak
ened the provision market after a
small advance had been brought
about through higher quotations on
hogs.
NAVALITY WILL
SAVE $200,000,000
TO NATION CLAIM
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.—A saving
of about $200,000,000 for the United
States of the present building pro
gram of the navy will result from
agreements reached at the arms con
ference, the federal reserve board
declared in a statement tonight.
High naval officials, however, were
of the opinion that the board's es
timate was too high as, it was ex
plained, the scrapping of ships now
under construction would involve
payments of claims to the builders
which might offset a considerable
portion of the savings resulting from
halting the building program.
Limitation of armaments decided
upon at the conference will effect
immediately, the board declared, sav
ings only in three countries—the
United States, England and Japan—
whose finances already are in a
relatively sound condition. Savings
in England and Japan, the board
estimated, would be approximately
equivalent to those of this country.
In France and Italy however, the
board explained, no increase in naval
armaments had been contemplated
so that their immediate problems
would not be affected. Any sav
ings in England and France re
sulting from decreased expenditures
during the next year, it was de
clared, probably would have to be
applied to debt reduction, while in
Germany any balancing of the bud
get was complicated by the fluctu
ations of the mark and large in
creases in taxation planned. Italy,
it was added, was finding it dif
ficult to increase government rev
enues to meet expenditures.
"It is particularly important in the
present situation,” the board said,
“not only that government budgets
should be balanced so that short
time borrowing by the government
may be discontinued but also that
the sum of government expenditures
should be decided in order to reduce
the tax burden of the business com
munity. In most countries how
ever, curtailment of taxes seems
highly problematical at present.
Only in the United States has it
been attempted.”
o
Nogales Gas Company
To Drill For Oil In
Elgin Sonoita Field
NOGALES, Ariz., Feb. 7—The Elgin
Sonoita district of Santa Cruz county
will be tested for oil and gas by a Los
Angeles drilling company of Los An
geles, Calif., which, it was announced
today, has entered into a contract
with the Nogales Gas and Oil com
pany to drill on the latter company's
leases.
A drilling outfit will be moved to
the field and work will start within a
few weeks, it was said. It will be the
first effort on a large scale to ascer
tain whether oil and gas actually exist
in this part of Arizona.
The contract provides that if oil or
gas is found in commercial quanti
ties the drilling company will receive
one half of the Nogales company’s
acreage. The drilling concern and the
Nogales company each is reported to
be furnishing $25,000 toward defray
ing the cost of the drilling operations.
Indian Chieftain Is
Dead At Age of 137;
Recalls War of 1812
CASS LAKE, Minn., Feb. 7.—Ga-
Be-Nah-Gewn-Wonce, also known
as John Smith, a Chippewa Indian
reputed to be 137 years old, died to
day after a week's illness with pneu
monia.
Smith, whose Indian name meant
“wrinkled meat,” had been very ac
tive in late years. A year ago he be
came totally blind, but his mind re
mained clear and he often recalled
the days when he was a scout for
the Chippewas in the wars with the
Sioux. He also remembered events
of the war of 1812. One of his boasts
was that he had never fought against
the white man.
Up to four years ago he had never
visited a big city. His first trip was
to the twin cities. A year and a half
ago he returned to the north woods
of Minnesota to spend his time fish
ing where he did more than a cen
tury ago.
He had married eight times. He
had no children and the only survi
vor is Thomas Smith, an adopted
son with whom he lived.
Funeral services will be held here
at the local Catholic church which
he joined eight years ago.

CURIOS
INDIAN GOODS
LEATHER NOVELTIES
MEXICAN DRAWN WORK
VAUGHN & O’CONNELL
13 NORTH CENTRAL AVENUE

NOTES FROM CLASS AND CAMPUS
OF PHOENIX UNION HIGH SCHOOL

The track men are still on pre
liminary training. The weight men
will not work out with weights until
Monday. All track men should re
port on the field not later than 5:15
o’clock each day. Tomorrow after
noon pictures will be taken for the
annual.
George H. Maxwell, representing
the national reclamation service,
spoke to the high school yesterday
morning during the first period. He
spoke on “Past and Future of Irri
gation Development in Arizona.”
Most of his talk referred to the Colo
rado river project.
Lieutenant Percival, captain of
company C, second battalion, has
picked members from the company
to represent it in the coming field
meet in the manual of arms con
test. There were eight elimination
contests and from these the follow
ing men were picked: Powers,
Young, Perry, Barton, Friend and
Manning. These men were picked
from a squad of nine men who were
picked from company C. Murdick,

Rail Labor Board
To Conduct Wage
Hearing March 6
[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
CHICAGO, Feb. 7.—Hearings on ap
plications for increases or decreases
in wages for all classes of railway
employees except those in train and
engine and yard service will be start
ed here March 6, the railroad labor
board announced today.
The hearings will be held simul
taneously, the board announced, for
all carriers and employees who have
filed applications on or before Feb
ruary 20.
At present, the board announced,
45 class A railroads out of 208 have
filed applications for wage cuts in
final form for certain classes of em
ployees, while 35 unions, including the
federated shop crafts, have filed ap
plications for increases. Other car
riers and other employees’ organiza
tions are about to file applications,
the board said in a resolution passed

You hear the artists as they are
only when you use the Victrola
Vi c t ro 1 a
“HIS MASTER’S VOICE 0 REG. U. S. PAT. OFF
Important * Look for these trademarks. Under the lid. On the label.
Victor Talking Machine Company
Camden, New Jersey

Pierce and Harmer gave the winners
a close race and it was only by a
slight margin that they lost.
The Blue Tri-Club supper turned
out to be a pleasant affair. Every
one enjoyed himself immensely. It
lasted from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m.
Company E, second battalion of
officers’ school, will be held on Mon
day morning instead of Tuesday as
heretofore.
Today at the sound of two bells
all sophomores will assemble in front
of the auditorium to be photographed.
The Junior class headed the classes
in the schedule in taking pictures for
the annual. They had their’s taken
yesterday at 12 o’clock. It is inter
esting to note how anxious some of
the students are in having their pic
tures taken twice. As it happened
the students were in a semi-circle
and a panorama picture was taken.
Some of the students ran around the
group after the camera had passed
them and stood at the other end, thus
getting their picture taken twice.
Don’t be surprised if you see twins.

today fixing the date for the hear
ing.
The resolution calls attention to
the fact that train and engine and
yard service employees are negotiat
ing direct with the carriers and con
sideration of applications for these
classes of employees was postponed
for this reason. It also was pointed
out that rules and working condi
tions for these classes of employees
must be finally decided before wage
questions were considered, accord
ing to the board's promise at the time
of the threatened railroad strike last
October.
The board will be able to decide
all questions of rules and working
conditions for the classes of em
ployees affected by the hearings be
fore the date fixed for opening of the
cases, it was stated.
The board has handed down several
decisions during the past three
months affecting the various classes
of workers, and except for the train
and engine and yard service men,
will have all such cases disposed of
before March 6, it was stated.
o
No punctuation marks were used
in printing until 1530.

Added Pay, Less
Hours Sought By
Soft Coal Miners
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Feb. 7.
Increased wages, a shorter work day
and other changes in working condi
tions for soft coal miners will be con
sidered by the wage scale committee
of the United Mine Workers of Amer
ica, which tomorrow begins framing
the wage program to be submitted to
the union convention that convenes
here one week from today.
Three hundred resolutions, covering
a score of proposals are on file at
union headquarters here and will
form the basis for the scale commit
tee’s report. The only indication of
the prospective demands for the soft
coal states comes from the policy
adopted by the union anthracite
miners, whose convention declared
for a 20 per cent wage advance, and

ADDING YEARS
TO YOUR LIFE
That is exactly what you do when you keep
your teeth sound and free from decay.
By our scientific and skillful dental treat
ments, you are rid of many ills.
Come in today and let us examine your
teeth and advise you of their exact condition.
COMPLETE DENTAL DIAGNOSIS FREE!!
GAS ADMINISTERED
U Dr. Frank L. Sitkin
MONIHON BLDG. OPPOSITE PHOENIX NATL BANK
WASHINGTON AND FIRST AVENUE PHONE 8008