PAGE TWO

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, FRIDAY MORNING, AUGUST 16, 1912.

M. Ellingson & Sons

Dealers in Hay and Grain,
Seed Grain, Seed Oats,
Feed Oats, Rolled Barley,
Alfalfa Seed, Grain Bags,
etc.
TEMPE
Business Opportunities
IN TEMPE, ARIZONA.
WRITE W. J. KINGSBURY.
WHEN YOU HAVE ANY
ONE SEE THAT THIS
is on it, or that it is done
by one of the firms below, who
are entitled to use it:
ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.
ARIZONA DEMOCRAT.
ARIZONA STATE PRESS.
SOUTHWESTERN STOCKMAN
ARIZONA GAZETTE.
(Signed)
Label Committee
Frank Griebel
218 W. Washington St.
GROCERIES
TEAS AND COFFEES
and
DRY GOODS
GUARANTEED
TO SATISFY
YOU.
You Should
Call and see the Racycle, the best
wheel made. I carry a large line
of Racycles, Bicycles and Bicycle
Supplies. Repairing quickly done.
Griswold
THE BICYCLE MAN
25-27 East Adam
THE RACYCLE STORE
Established 1881.
PHOENIX BAKERY
EDWARD EISELE; Proprietor.
Wholesale. Retail. The Genuine
BUTTERNUT BREAD
(In Wrappers Only.)
West Washington St, Phoenix
PHONES:
Overland 234 Con. Mala 89
Good Land Near Mesa
We exchange big values
for your gold. Prices
from $65.00 to $300.00.
Easiest terms.
WILBUR REALTY CO.
INC.
Mesa, Arizona
TOM & SING'S
AMERICAN KITCHEN
Regular Meals, 35 Cents.
Short Orders All Night.
26 North Center St, Phoenix
Tom's French Kitchen
The best the market
affords.
11 West Washington St.
Phoenix Electric Co.
Everything Electrical
12 and 14 Wall St.
Phone Overland 1090.
PLASTER AND CEMENT
WORK.
Plastering, Foundations, Walks, all
kinds. Try me out. Call me up for
an estimate.
W. C. POTTEIGER
Phone O, 8123 Mt. Woodland

SOUTH

TEMPE
THIS YEAR'S FACULTY
FOR PUBLIC SCHOOL
A Number of New Names Appear in
the List; New Board Members
At a meeting of the grammar school
board recently held, J. H. Daniels was
elected to fill the vacancy caused by
the resignation of T. J. Dines. Mr.
Daniels was initiated the same evening and now also holds the appointment of clerk of the board. The
other two members are M. E. Curry
and C. A. Corbell.
The corps of teachers for the ensuing year to serve in the grammar
school is composed of partially new members, more so probably than there
ever were any previous year. In the
capacity of principal, C. C. Cash, a
teacher in the Mesa high school for
two years past, has been chosen.
Ralph J. Peck, a graduate of the
normal school with last year's class,
but a teacher of considerable experience, will have charge of the seventh
grade. Miss Daisy I. Buck, a member
of the faculty last year will reign
over the sixth grade, in charge of the
fifth grade will be Miss Elizabeth
Cosner, also a teacher in the school
last year. Miss Eva Rector, but recently chosen by the board, will govern the fourth grade, her home is in
the east where she is now located, but
she plans to be in Tempe about the
first of September to prepare for the
opening of school. The third grade
will have as its teacher Miss Mary
Haulot, a new member of the faculty.
but otherwise she is very well known
in Tempe, graduating several years
ago from the normal. Miss Maude
Wilson, Miss Charlotte J. Mullen and
Miss Nellie McNeil will have charge
of the remaining grades, respectively.
Within the past few days Superintendent Sullivan of the high school
has distributed a number of pamphlets containing all the desired information in regard to the courses given
in either the high or grammar school.
The publication is one which should
be of much interest to anyone contemplating to enter their children in
either of the schools, and will be gladly given to anyone upon application.
POSTMASTER RETURNS
Postmaster J. O. Mullen returned
home yesterday morning after an absence of about three weeks spent in
the vicinity of Flagstaff. The trip to
that place was made overland via
Prescott, Camp Verde and Williams.

Since the time of his arrival there, his treat success

vacation has been about equally divided between camping trips to numerous summer resorts and spending
his time with relatives in the city. At
present both R. L. Mullen and C. P.
Mullen have their families located
there, consequently it made quite a
reunion of the Mullen family. About
ten days ago Miss Charlotte Mullen
and Miss Edna Carr also joined the
party. The latter two and the post
master returned yesterday morning
on the train arriving in Phoenix about
seven hours late owing to a washout
near Prescott. The remainder of the
journey was made in the C. P. Mullen automobile. Mr. Mullen's father
will return overland some time next
month with the outfit in which the
former went up. All those who came
home report a most enjoyable vacation and that there are many more
Tempe people located there deriving
the same benefits.
COMPANY C HOME
Company C, N. G. A., returned home
Wednesday evening at 5:30 after
spending fourteen days on the annual
national guard encampment held at
Fort Huachuca. Company M of Florence, which helped to form the local
company, continued the trip to its
home yesterday morning remaining
here overnight. Yesterday forenoon
a majority of the local boys put in
the time cleaning up the armory and
packing the material away to await
the coming of the next encampment.
All the boys report a splendid time
throughout and also say they were
the recipients of a considerable
amount of experience, at least, a
greater part of them. During the
time spent in camp three ball games
were played in which a number of the
local stars figured. Out of the three
they won one, but offer no excuse
WHY BE MISERABLE
WITH HAY FEVER
A Simple, Safe Remedy Gives Instant
Relief, Even in the Worst
Cases.
Thousands of people are miserable
two or three months every summer
with Hay Fever and Rose Cold. They
go around sneezing, blowing the nose
and wiping their eyes, and at night
they are so choked up they can hardly breathe. There is no need of this.
Ely's Cream Balm will relieve all
these distressing symptoms in less
than five minutes' time.
Hay Fever is due to an over sensitive condition of the membrane lining of the nose and throat. Ely's
Cream Balm soothes, heals and
strengthens this delicate inside skin,
so that you not only get instant relief but are also protected against a
return of the trouble.
Don't hesitate because you have
been disappointed with other remedies. Get a fifty cent bottle of
Ely's Cream Balm from your druggist,
and if you are not satisfied after a
fair trial, get your money back.
All druggists sell and recommend it.
Agent A. L. Boehmer.

SIDE

for losing the other two. Their opponents merely outclassed them a
little bit.
AUTO VS. BUGGY
Milt Myers was the victim of a
rather expensive accident Wednesday
night about 9 o'clock when an automobile collided with his buggy. Mr.
Myers had spent the day in Phoenix
and was just returning having reached
a point near the W. T. Cummings
home about a mile and a half southwest of here when the accident occurred. An automobile driven by a
Phoenix party supposedly, without any
lights, struck the side of the buggy
and turned it over, almost completely
wrecking it. Mr. Myers managed to
hang onto the lines thereby keeping
the horse from running away while
the auto party extricated itself from
the remains of the buggy. The victim of the affair was slightly skinned
up, especially on the head, but not so
much so that he could not continue on
to town. Before leaving, the automobilists tried to even things up and
gave him all they had in the way of
cash, the amount being something
like three dollars. It was so dark that
Mr. Myers was unable to make out
who any of them were or to even get
the car number, consequently there is
likely to be nothing further done in
regard to the affair. He attempted to
reach the Phoenix officials by wire
and have them catch the car as it
came into town but up to date nothing
has been heard from the originators
of the accident.
HERE TO STAY
Rev. H. A. Deck, traveling superintendent of Sunday schools for the
Congregational church in Arizona and
New Mexico has rented the Herman
house on East Fifth street and will
move his family in the first of the
week. Rev. Deck has moved to Tempe
in order to allow his children to take
advantage of the schooling offered.
MOVED TO PHOENIX
Mrs. Anna McComas and two daughters, Miss Ina and Miss Ruth, moved
their household goods to Phoenix yesterday where the future home of the
family will be made. Both of the
young ladies are now employed as
teachers in the public schools of that
city.
HOME FROM THE COAST
Mrs. Frank Baum and children returned home yesterday morning from
the coast where they have been spending the greater part of the summer.
WILD WEST PICTURES TONIGHT
Three thousand feet of motion pictures portraying the wonderful abilities of the Buffalo Bill wild west show
will be shown this evening at the
Goodwin Airdome. These pictures
are taken from the last show ever
staged by that world famous body and
will without the least doubt prove a
Among the features
that will be shown are the grand military tournament, rough riders, Indians
Arabs, cowboys, plainsmen, soldiers,
Cossacks, Mexicans, wild west girls,
zanores, dragoons, artillery drills, acrobats from Japan, bucking broncos,
and the sensational Indian uprising.
Every scene of a full two-hour show
will be produced with vivid reality.
The pictures of this show have been
given in a number of Arizona cities
and will no doubt take in all of them
before retiring to other states. Manager Goodwin is making extra preparations for tonight's entertainment for
there is almost certain to be an
unusually large crowd present.
WORK COMMENCING
The Barber Asphalt and Paving
Company Wednesday received two
carloads of machinery which is to be
used in their operations on the Little
Butte east of town.
HAYDEN, Aug. 14. Officer Chester McGee, of Florence, arrived in
Hayden Tuesday, having in charge
a Mexican named Jose Romero who
is charged with attempting to murder one of his countrymen last Thursday at Campo Bonito near Oracle.
The current story of the affair is
that Romero shot his victim on account of some slanderous statements
that he was circulating concerning
Romero's adopted daughter. It is said
that when Romero remonstrated with
his victim on the subject he received
an insolent instead of a conciliatory
reply and straightway he resorted to
the use of his firearms. The victim,
whose name is not yet obtainable, is
reported to be yet alive but small hope
is held for his recovery.
Mrs. Henry T. Murray has returned
to Hayden after spending most of
the summer in Southern California
Mrs. Murray's trip was not entirely
one of vacation and pleasure as she
underwent an operation for appendicitis while in Los Angeles. The most
satisfactory results were obtained and
she has entirely recovered
With the arrival of a magnificent
player piano Tuesday the furnishings of the A. S. & R. club house
now are complete. In order to try
out the new instrument the club
house boys had a few of their neighbors over for a small sized house
warming Tuesday evening. Those on
hand in addition to the boys of the
club were: Mr. and Mrs. Haggie,
Mr. and Mrs. Greene, Mr. and Mrs.
Bordwell, Mr. and Mrs. Johnson. Mr
and Mrs. Stratton, Mr. and Mrs. Murray, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Mr. and
Mrs. Palmer. Mr. and Mrs. Wignall,
Misses Stratton, Greene and Knapp.
John Q. MacDonald and his daughters. Misses Marian and Helen, left
Wednesday for Los Angeles where
the young ladies will enter school for
the fall and winter term.
Be a live wire read The Republican Want Ads.

HAYDEN
J. A.

NEWS

MESA
LEFT YAQUI VALLEY
TO ESCAPE BANDITS
American Family Found Life Too
Uncertain in Southern Sonora
Mr. and Mrs. Wilbur J. Green and
child have arrived in Mesa from the
lower Yaqui valley, Sonora, and will
remain in Arizona until there is less
danger from the wandering bands of
guerrillas that are now infesting that
country. Mr. Green is trying to secure the rental of a small ranch,
with a view to residing in the Mesa
section. If he cannot get what he
wants here he will try other portions
of the valley.
Mr. Green went with a number of
others to the lower Yaqui valley, in
southern Sonora, and secured a very
good tract of land. This he improved and was doing well. He is
a practical farmer and says that the
lands there are fertile and the man
who understands farming can do well
provided there is ample protection to
life and property. A number of settlers, however, are in very bad shape
financially. They went there, lured
by the hope of acquiring sudden
riches. Unfamiliar with farm work
they expected that all they had to
do was to put in crops and then rake
in the coin. That hard work and
careful management with at least a
primary schooling in agriculture,
were necessary to success did not occur to them. As a result, many of
them are practically destitute and
Mr. Green says he does not know
how they will live. There is at present no market for anything and the
people have little to market. While
there has been no fighting in that
immediate section, the guerrillas are
working toward the valley and that
means that if anything worth taking
is left, the bandits will get it, for
they are no respecters of persons.
Mr. Green says there are many Yaquis in that vicinity, but they never
have bothered the Americans, though
they frequently raid the Mexican
haciendas. There is, apparently, a
never-ending feud between the two
peoples. Like many other Americans, Mr. Green is of the opinion
that there will never be anything
for the American in that section until the United States takes a hand
and enforces respect for the lives
and property of American citizens.
CO. D AT HOME
The officers and men of Company
D, National Guard of Arizona, returned Wednesday evening, from
their annual encampment, held at
Fort Huachuca. The boys all are
enthusiastic over the outing, and say
they never had a better time in their
life. The fort is seven miles from
the railroad and the hike to and
from the cars is not quite so pleasant
as riding in automobiles, but for infantry it is a small matter. The
timber in the Huachuca mountains
contains walnut trees that grow real
old-fashioned walnut, and there were
also wild cherries in abundance.
While at the encampment there were
all kinds of field maneuvers and several sham battles with the regular
cavalry troop stationed there. Besides there were athletic games of
various kinds to help fill in the time.
It was mostly work, but work of an
agreeable kind. At times the company was at an altitude of 8000 feet
above sea level, and naturally the
weather was somewhat cooler than
in the Salt River valley. While in
camp nearly all the men were vaccinated for protection from the typhoid fever germ: this they estimate
to be worth considerable to them. A
very satisfactory part of the entire
program was that there was no
grumbling or discontent. All enjoyed the time and all were consequently good natured. Some of the boys
had been working indoors and now
have a beautiful coat of brown. One
or two of them have decorated noses.
Every woman's heart responds to
the charm and sweetness of a baby's
voice, because nature intended her for
motherhood. But even the loving
nature of a mother shrinks from the
ordeal because such a time is usually
a period of suffering and danger.
Women who use Mother's Friend are
saved much discomfort and suffering,
and their systems, being thoroughly
prepared by this great remedy, are
in a healthy condition to meet the
time with the least possible suffering
and danger. Mother's Friend is
recommended only for the relief and
comfort of expectant mothers; it is
in no sense a remedy for various ills,
but its many years of success and
the thousands of endorsements received from women who have used it
are a guarantee of the benefit to be
derived from its use. This remedy
does not accomplish wonders but simply assists nature to perfect its work.
Mother's Friend allays nausea, prevents caking of the
breasts, and in every way contributes to
strong, healthy
motherhood. Mother's Friend is sold
at drug stores. Write for our free
book for expectant mothers.
BRADFIELD REGULATOR CO., Atlanta, Ga.

SOCIAL PARTY
A very pleasant social party was
held at the home of Mr. and Mrs. L.
W. Stillwell Wednesday night. The
party was given by Misses Marv
Gates and Ethel Hoffman. During the
evening music was rendered by Misses Mary Gates, Eugene Garrett, Ethel Hoffman and Ada Shewman. Misses Fay Beach and Jessie McElwain
gave a very delightful duet. Refreshments were served during the
evening and games played. The following guests were present: Miss
May Porter and sister, Misses Laney,
Jessie and Leota McElwain, Myrtle
Fisher, Annie Wallace, Fay Beach,
Mary Gates, Ethel Hoffman, Mamie
Bradford, Mary Magenity, Ada Shewman, and Messrs. W. H. Taylor,
Thos. Brown, Gerald Garrett, Logan
Stillwell, Marion Blakely, John Magenity, Ora and Clyde Hadlock, Richard Thompson, Elmon Coe, the Gates
brothers and Mr. Laney.
BACK FROM OUTING
Rev. S. W. Gage and family, R. C.
Clark and family and S. H. Burrows
and family are back from an outing
passed in the foothills. They report
a splendid time, notwithstanding
a few rains that fell during the time
they were away.
CHARGED WITH BOOTLEGGING
Wednesday night O. L. Pickens,
special policeman, arrested Ramon
Flores, who conducts a barber shop
in one of the Crismon buildings on
West Main street, on a charge of
selling whiskey in violation of the
local option law. Flores gave bonds
for appearance yesterday at two
o'clock. When he appeared in Justice Irwin's court he claimed that he
had only let a party have a small
bottle from his private stock, the one
desiring the stimulant claiming to be
ill. The case was set for 4 p.m. yesterday when an inquiry into the
transaction was to be made. Complaints have frequently been made
that the law is being violated, but
always has been hard to find anyone
who had personal knowledge of the
guilty party.
IN THE AUTO CLASS
L. Solomon, proprietor of the Golden Rule store, has at last joined Mesa's company of automobilists.
This week he purchased from John
A. Gaut a red R. H. C. roadster, with
but one seat. That is, a seat that
will accommodate two people. Mr.
Solomon explains that he bought the
machine for the benefit of his friends
as well as for his own pleasure, but
he never cares to take more than one
friend out at a time. When Mr. Solomon gets married he will begin to
figure on trading the single seater
for a family machine.
DOWN FROM ROOSEVELT
Mr. L. H. Norton came down from
Roosevelt yesterday and will drive
the machine on the return trip to
the upper terminus.
NEWS IN BRIEF
Walton Patterson was in town with
Mrs. Patterson yesterday. They have
both returned recently from Oklahoma.
Miss Grace Peterson is back from
her visit to the coast. Owing to the
recent order of the council regarding returned tourists, she will have
to remain at home for a short time
under direction of the health officer
Mike Pacheco, a farmer of the north
side was in Mesa over Wednesday
night, returning last evening.
The weather report given out yesterday was as follows: Maximum
temperature, 93; minimum, 65; mean
79; direction of wind, southeast; precipitation, a trace. Forecast for
today, partly cloudy, with possible
showers.
Main street was deserted yesterday
afternoon as the stores were closed
for the half holiday and a large part
of the population was at the baseball
grounds.
Miss Ann O'Connell is spending
a few weeks on the coast.
TUBA CITY, Aug. 8 Dr. Switzer
and wife of Flagstaff are at Tuba for
a couple of weeks, visiting and enjoying an outing, while the former is doing some dental work for school and agency employees.
Special Agent C. C. Early is in
charge of the school, having relieved
Mr. Jeffries as superintendent on the
ninth instant. The latter left at once
for his new post as superintendent at
Mescalero, New Mexico, to which point his wife and daughter will go later.
Mrs. E. A. Keeling of Washington
D. C., arrived last week for a visit with
her daughter, Mrs. C. R. Jeffries and
son, John M. Keeling of the Preston
trading post.
Mrs. Marble, Miss Zora and Miss
Woolsey, who left recently for Los Angeles, made the visit to the Canyon via the Preston touring car from Flagstaff and pronounce it a delightful
trip.
Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Preston, Mr. C. V.
Williams, Mr. Early and Mr. Hart were
visitors at Flagstaff a day or two last
week, having accompanied Mr. Jeffries that far on his start toward New
Mexico.
The Desert Club gave a farewell reception for Mr. Jeffries, the retiring
superintendent, and a welcome to his
successor here, Special Agent Early,
to Mr. Bell and his bride, to Mrs. Keeling, of Washington, Dr. and Mrs.
Switzer of Flagstaff and to Mr. and
Mrs. Crofoot, who arrived recently
from Idaho, one event taking place at
the assembly hall on Thursday evening of last week. Dancing and music
were indulged in and a pleasant time
reported.
Mrs. M. M. Murphy, who has been
visiting her husband, the supervisor of
farming located here, left the latter
part of last week for Berkeley, California, her home.
It has not been ascertained just
when Mr. Sullivan, the new superintendent for this place, will arrive to
take up his duties. He is still in
charge of the agency at Banning, California, but expects to be relieved at
an early date.
Samuel T. Patterson, agency blacksmith, is visiting during his vacation
at Albuquerque, N. M., instead of in
California as he originally intended.
It is reported in this section that the
Moqui snake dance at Oraibi will be
on the 23rd of this month, although the
date has not been authoritatively announced.
Dr. Nellie V. Marks, a physician from
Baltimore, was through this place a
few days since, in charge of her guide,
Mr. Al Doyle of Flagstaff, en route for
the Marsh Pass section where she will
spend some time among the new monuments, intending to return
Canyon de Chelly and other interesting points, in time to attend the flute dance of the Hopi Indians at Walpi.
The doctor has visited this section annually for a number of years and is delighted with her experience each time.
The new school building has progressed as far as the first floor and the
work of laying the red sandstone will
be started this week.
Owing to the non-passage of the appropriation bill by the present congress, government employees at this
place are compelled to wait some time
for their pay checks, which is also true
of other departments of the work at
this place.
Earl Boyer of the Rod Lake trading
post is entertaining his brother, who
drove down from Utah the first of the
week.
Mr. Mullikin is serving as temporary
nurse since the departure of Mr. Marble, who filled the place since early
in the spring.
GLENDALE Aug. 15. About two
o'clock Monday morning, Night Watchman Caplinger heard a noise at the
back door of the Hotchkiss pool hall
and thought it was made by a burglar.
He called Mr. Huff and together they
slipped cautiously to the door. Caplinger said, "I hear him inside!" one
went to the window with a flashlight
and there was a black dog that had
been asleep when the doors were closed
and was trying to scratch his way out.
W. F. Hewett left last night for
Courtland where he will enter the mining game.
Dr. and Mrs. Hill were Phoenix visitors Sunday.
A heavy shower was the cause of a
large crowd having to leave the Crystal
theater during a most interesting reel
of film, "Shamus O'Brien," everyone
was glad to find shelter as the drops
were big and fell fast.
J. A. Ireland and Dell Trebil tried
their luck at hunting yesterday afternoon. The Embroidery club met with Mr.
Frank Akin Thursday afternoon.
Frank Henry who has been employed
by Sine Bros, has accepted a position
as chauffeur at Wickenburg.
Miss Jennie Lawhead is taking Miss
Jarez's place at Robinson's cash store,
while the latter is gone on her vacation. Mrs. O. D. Betts and children returned from California Saturday morning. She came home to escape the infantile paralysis now prevalent there.
Messrs. Oaks, Jefferies, Lomers, Tevis and Chelius left last night to assume their duties at the sugar factory
at Grand Junction, Colo.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Furrey, Mr. and
Mrs. Reuben Daniels, Mr. and Mrs. J.
M. Hotchkiss, Mrs. Baker, Mrs. John
Tuckey, Mrs. B. Daniels, Miss Iva
Pitts, Mr. Moxley and Annette Ireland
were at the Capitol city Saturday.
Mr. Ivester, the blacksmith, was in
Phoenix yesterday on business.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Ireland drove
down to their farm near the fair
grounds to see how things are and visit
among neighbors.
Mr. Dixon has reopened the Palace
ice cream parlor which was recently
owned by F. Noveso. Mr. Huffman is
assisting him.
M. F. Marks was in Phoenix on
business Monday afternoon.
The Ladies Aid met at the home of
Mrs. J. S. Lawhead, Thursday in an all
day session.
C. L. Gillette, wife and family left
yesterday morning in their automobile to travel overland to Imperial valley.
J. W. Robinson was a Phoenix caller
Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Abbott of Phoenix were Glendale visitors yesterday.
Mr. Yoder will preach at the Methodist church next Sunday. Rev. Robinson has gone to attend conference.
J. M. Hotchkiss, Clyde Hotchkiss and
Cyril Ireland are in Phoenix on business today.
Mrs. S. O. Furrey, daughter and son
have gone to California to stay indefinitely, they left on the evening train
Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs. Ford and Miss Eva
Pike were calling on friends here yesterday evening.
The Glendale board of health will
meet with the town council tonight to
take steps to protect the citizens from
the infantile paralysis being carried
here by home comers.
Dr. White was late at his office yesterday. His auto "balked."
F. S. Harturill's oldest child is ill.
L. D. Healy of the E. W. Thayer Co.
was in Glendale on business Wednesday afternoon.
REAL ESTATE
TRANSFERS
As reported by the Arizona Abstract and Title Co., 134 West
Washington Street.
Franklin D. Lane and wife to C. R.
K. Swetnam and wife, deed to L. 3,
blk. 14, East Evergreen Add.
Earl W. Hill and wife to William L.
Hart, deed to E, L. 20, and W. 30 ft.
L. 21, Blk. 1, Capitol Add.
Nealy A. Pennington and wife to
Will E. Ryan and wife, deed to L. 7 and
8, Blk. 20, Capitol Add.
H. W. Keuling and wife to Sam Barrett, deed to L. 10, Blk. 2, Evergreen
Hts. Add.
Rob. G. Keeran and wife to H. C.
Ruggles, deed to L. 10, Blk. 3, Evergreen. T. M. Burroughs and wife to Ernest
B. Bogue and wife, deed to L. 47, Sub.
Blk. 30, Neahrs Add.
Tr. Ariz. Lodge No. 2 F. & A. M. to
Mrs. Isabel Pen-dergast, deed to L. 3,
Blk. 13, Sec. 5, Greenwood cem.
W. H. Slaughter and wife to H. M.
Strough, deed to L. 3, Blk. 5, Orchard
Add. Glendale.
A REFORMER AT BAR HARBOR?
Women's Garments the Object of an
Anonymous Attack.
Bar Harbor, Me. Evidently thinking that life at a modern summer resort is too frivolous, some person has
been posting warnings to society,
written in a straggling hand on note
paper. They were found yesterday
conspicuously posted on telegraph
poles and at other points of vantage
near the swimming club, where society gathers, and near the postoffice.
The posters read:
HINTS FOR WOMEN.
1. Wear stockings heavier than
gauze.
2. Wear skirts more than one-half
yard around.
3. Don't wear French heels.
4. Don't stare.
5. Don't go to church to see the
Styles.
6. Wear colors that harmonize.
Many believe the posters to be the
work of a practical joker, but others
who read and laughed have the idea
that something more serious is meant.
They caused more or less indignation
in certain circles, and were
promptly pulled down when discovered.
From the New York Times.
TITANIC'S BARBER TO SEA AGAIN.
August Weikman Breaks a Resolution
and Ships on Lusitania.
Unable to resist traveling over the
sea, August F. Weikman of Palmyra,
N. J., who was the chief barber in the
ill-fated Titanic, and who was rescued
after being several hours in the water,
is unable to content himself ashore.
Mr. Weikman said after his experience
that he would never go to sea again,
but he has arranged to resume his old
position as chief barber and will sail
from New York on the Lusitania.
Mr. Weikman has been traversing
the ocean for a number of years and
says "that when on land he is like a
fish out of the water" From the Philadelphia Public Ledger.
Bend from our list of
FIFTY CALIFORNIA PAPERS
You can insert display
ads in the entire list for
FIVE DOLLARS AN INCH
THE
DAKE ADVERTISING AGENCY
INC.
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
427 So. Main St.
12 Geary St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Note These Bargains
Five acres all in alfalfa, four
room house, on car line just outside
Glendale, $1,300.
Five room, modern, cement block
house on two acres of land, seeded
to alfalfa. On car line in Glendale.
For sale or rent.
A. W. BENNETT & CO.
Real Estate Insurance
Glendale, Arizona.
W. H. SLAUGHTER
GLENDALE REAL ESTATE
Farm Loan and Insurance