THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 2, 1916

PAGE THREE

THREE AMERICANS
FALL VICTIMS OF '
VILLA AND BAND

(Continued from Page One)

he is understood to have left a wife and
two children.
Locke's escape was due to the fact
that he was absent from Minaca at the
time Villa arrived. He was turning to
the town when he heard firing and hid
in the bushes. Soon afterward he saw
some cavalrymen leaving the town with
Villa himself at their head. Locke fled
by night to Cusihuiriachi where a
friendly Mexican hid him in a cellar
for two days. Villa arrived later and
searched the town for Americans. After
he had gone, Locke sent the Mexican
who had befriended him, to Minaca and
the latter brought back the story of the
massacre. Locke then disguised him
self as a peon and made his way safely
to Chihuahua City where he told his
story. -

Native of Texas
HOUSTON, April 1. Dr. A. T. Stell,
is a native of Lamar county, Texas, and
a graduate of a medical college in New
Orleans. He went to Mexico about 22
years ago. During the last five years
Dr. Stell practiced medicine and
operated a drug store at Ocampo, Chi-hua-hua, besides being interested in Los
Remedios ranch, on the Santa Caua
dalaria river and other land and mine
ventures.
; - ' : -o : .
GILES KELLOGG DEAD

Republican A. P. Leased Wire!
SAN DIEGO, April 1. Giles Kellogg
of Los Angeles, secretary of the Union
Oil Company of California, died unex
pectedly today at Coronado where he
had been staying for two weeks. Death

was due to heart trouble. The body
was taken to Los Angeles where funeral
services will be held and later it will be
sent to Troy, N. Y for interment.
o
ELECTION FUSS
BRINGS ABOUT
FOUR ARRESTS

(Continued from Page One)

UNIQUE ATTRACTION
IN DONOFRIO'S

CONFECTIONERY STORE

Mr. G. Lightonberg, Wizard
Ice King, Will Demonstrate His Odd Art.

When Mr. G. Lightonberg, wizard ice
sculptor and soda fountain specialist,
enters the carving enclosure on next
Monday afternoon, . April 3rd, at 2
o'clock the grand, spring opening of the
1910 season will have started and Mr.
Lightonberg, the "ice Marvel," will ex
hibit and carve the most unique and
rare exhibit ever seen in Arizona, a
sight that is well worth going miles
to see.
This clever and bright entertainer will
amuse, interest and refresh the public
with his ice carving and original fancy
fountain drinks, sundaes and delicacies.
The wizard has put in some hard licks
at the ice plant and has prepared a
wonderful exhibit to look at while his
carvings in the parlor of the store will
amaze you.
Mr. Lightonberg, without any con
tradiction, is the peer of them all in
his profession. As an Ice Sculptor he
has appeared at all the late World's
Fairs and in vaudeville and made a de
cided hit this last year at San Diego
and San Francisco Expositions.

POWDER MAKER IS
UP AFTER PRESIDENCY;

General T. Coleman DuPont.
General T. Coleman DuPont, million
aire powder manufacturer of New York
and Delaware, is out for the Republican
nomination for president. According to "Who's Who," DuPont was born in
Louisville, Ky., December 11, 1863, and
has engaged extensively in coal and
iron mining.

MR. G. LIGHTONBERG,
Wizard Ice Sculptor and Soda Fountain
Specialist
In direct competition at the Exposi
tion at Cleveland, against his former
associate partner and only other man
to successfully master this difficult
work, Mr. Lightonberg achieved two
world's records, carving the Goddess of
Liberty Statue standing 7 1/4 feet high
and weighing 5000 pounds in the record
time of 27 minutes while 300
pound models were produced in 44
minutes and proclaimed by the vast
numbers present marvelous. Mr. Light
onberg will carve Monday, Wednesday
and Friday afternoons, starting at 2
o'clock for the first performance and
will on each of these days at 8 o'clock
in the evening carve and duplicate the
main model of the afternoon so those
unable to be present in the afternoon
will have an opportunity of seeing the
famous Sculptor while in action.

Carvings will be made of human and
animal heads, birds and floral baskets,
plaques, urns, vases and statues, as
also countless display pieces.
Mr. Donofrio extends a cordial wel
come to the citizens of Phoenix to pay
the store a visit and witness this grand
sight, a sight once seen never forgotten.
Remember first performance of Ice
Wizard at 2 o'clock, Monday, April
3rd.

Savannah Robinson to the polls at the
primary election, instructed her how
to vote and told her how to mark her
ballot, knowing Savannah Robinson at
the time not to be twenty-one years
of age.
He was taken to the police station
and was admitted to bail in the sum
of $100.
He will be given a hearing Monday
before Judge McBride. Solly is em
ployed by the city as a teamster at
$2.50 per day, and is assigned to the
street department. He professed ig
norance last evening of the reason for
his arrest.
The arrest of Gardiner came as a
thunderbolt out of a clear sky. Not
until The Republican announced yes
terday morning that a sworn com
plaint had been filed with the city

magistrate and a warrant issued, had
the general public been aware of the
sensation that was brewing. Gardiner
was still in bed when Chief of Police
Brisbois arrived at his home on South
Seventh avenue, just outside the city
limits. Before the big negro had time
to arise, the chief read the warrant to
him.
"What's it all about?" inquired
Gardiner.
"You are charged with a felony ac
cording to the warrant," said the chief.
"All right; I'll come up to the city
hall as soon as I have dressed and had
my breakfast," continued Gardiner.
"All warrants look alike to me, and
especially felony warrants," replied
the chief. "You'll go back to the city
hall when I do."
And Gardiner dressed as hurriedly
as possible and accompanied Chief
Brisbois to the presence of Judge Mc
Bride. As soon as he could place him
self in touch with Attorney Laney he
explained his predicament and Laney
lost no time in reaching the city court
room.

When seen yesterday afternoon, Gar
diner would make no comment on his
arrest nor the article in yesterday
morning's Republican, beyond inquir
ing who wrote the story.

While Gardiner regained his liberty
under bail for his appearance on Mon
day afternoon, Savannah Robinson
was pacing back and forth in her cell
in the city jail. Earlier in the day two
warrants had been served on her, one
charging her with having registered
illegally, and the other with having
voted illegally. Specifically she is
charged with having registered know
ing that she was but eighteen years
old and that it is unlawful for a per
son less than twenty-one years old to
register. On the same grounds she is
charged with having voted illegally.
She will be given a hearing on both
charges on Monday, although she is
still serving a ten days' sentence for
vagrancy.

The Robinson girl talked freely and
frankly when seen in the city jail yes
terday afternoon by a reporter for The
Republican.

"Fred Gardiner met me on the street
late in the afternoon and told me he
wanted me to go over to the city hall
and register. He walked with me as
far as the Colored Club on South Sec
ond street, right opposite the city hall.
I told him I didn't think I was old
enough to register, that I was only
eighteen years old. He said that when
a girl gets to be eighteen years old she
can do anything.

"'You go over and register, and tell
them you are twenty-one. You've got
to vote on election day for our men
and if they are elected we can keep
the Colored Club open and that means
that your father will have a job at the
club. My father is working at the
club now and I wanted him to be able
to keep his job.
"After I registered I went back and
Gardiner asked me if I had registered.
I told him I had. He said. 'That's
right, and you mustn't forget to be on
hand to vote.' He said that among
other men I must vote for Mr. Woods
and for the man who was there before
Mr. Woods. I don't remember his
name now.
"On election day Solly came to my
house and said that I must hurry up
to the city hall and vote. I don't know
Solly's other name. It was late in the
afternoon and he told me I would have
to hurry. He had been down getting
some other people to go up and vote.
On the way to the city hall he showed
me a marked ballot and told me how to
vote. He said I was to vote for Corp
stein, and Woods and Cisney. He said
to be careful where I placed the cross
marks because the names didn't always
come the same way on the paper.
Corpstein's name was the last one on
the ballot he showed me. He said it
might be on the top on the real ballot
when I went to vote.
I reached the city hall about five
minutes before they were to close.
Perry Payne met me and said:
"'For goodness sake, hurry or you
won't get in.' But I did get in and
they closed the doors while I was vot
ing. If I did any wrong I did it be
cause I thought I could help my father
to keep his job."
It developed yesterday that on the
night before, Ned Creighton learned
that The Republican was in possession
of a signed statement from Luis Killeen,
relative to his having negotiated with
him (Killeen) for the rent of the rooming
house at 210-212 East Washington street,
from which place twenty-seven persons
registered for the primary and general
election. Creighton went to Killeen's
house after mid-night and called Kil
leen from his bed. For half an hour he
urged, pleaded and argued with Kil
leen to the end that Killeen would ask
The Republican to withhold the state
ment and the other papers which were
printed yesterday morning. Killeen
said last night that the statement cred
ited to him that he had threatened
Healey, the alleged proprietor of the
Washington street rooming house, with
eviction unless he worked in the in
terest of George V. Young for election
as mayor, was absolutely false. He
denied ever having mentioned to Healey
that he (Killeen) had a son employed in
the office of the city magistrate.

'THE BOSTON STORE THE STORE OF GUARANTEED VALUES'

Silk Offerings

. . OF UNQUESTIONED VALUE

36-Inch Silk Poplins
In all the most desirable colors, including black,
white, navy, old rose, Copenhagen, green, tan, brown,
and Burgundy. A genuine $1.00 value yard.

All Silk Crepe de Chines
A silk today cheap at $1.50 yard; 40 inches wide in
black, white, flesh, pink, old rose, Nile, maize, reseda,
tan, cream, Copenhagen, navy,
green, and brown. Yard

Georgette Crepes
In all the popular, stylish and much wanted colors.
Extremely stylish of special quality; full 40 inches
wide;
Worth today $2.00 yard.

Striped Taffeta Silks
Both in plain and satin stripes, and plain white and black. Very stylish
and serviceable. Dozens of styles to select from 36 inches.

A value in the silk section. Genuine oriental pongee, of special weight
and fine finish. 75c is the regular price. Boston Store
special yard.

Moire Silk Poplin
A "Beldings" make. Rich and entirely new, in beautiful shades of wis
teria, Copenhagen, navy blue, midnight and black.
42 inches wide.

DRESS PERCALES

Full yard wide in both light and
dark styles; colors
absolutely fast

RIPPELETTES

Genuine Edwards Rippelettes
wide width; dark and light
stripes. Regular 15c
value
10c

DRESS GINGHAMS
Hundred assorted styles and pat
terns; colors absolutely
tub proof. Yard

UNDERWEAR CREPE
Soft finish mercerized; full width;
white only; assorted pat
terns. A 20c value; yard

PEPPERELL DRILL
For skirts middy waists and suits.
Full yard wide, of ex
ceptional wear

WAMSOTTA

One of the best and finest nainsooks
made. A value at 22c.
Full yard wide
15c

NAINSOOK

Bonnie nainsook. Very fine and
soft. Yard wide, 12c
value
10c

Dress Materials
OF THE VERY LATEST WEAVES
Corded Tissue Flaxons
The daintiest of patterns and colors. Positively tub
proof, in stripes, checks and black designs. Yard

White Gabardines
One of the season's best fabrics. A full yard wide, exceptional qual
ity for separate skirts, middies and children's tub suits
and dresses.

Fancy Gabardines
Highly mercerized. One of the classiest of the season's fabrics; shown
in fancy plaids, stripes, checks, white and plain colors.

Imperial Scotch Zephyrs
Very fine quality, colors both sun and tub proof, 32 inches wide, in
plain colors and assorted checks, stripes and dainty plaids.
A special value yard.

Linen Suitings
In the soft non-crush finish, a full 36 inches wide, in pretty shades of
pink, rose, lavender, brown, blue, wisteria and green
per yard.

Scotch Linen Suitings

A fine union linen, having a dressy bourette finish, in clear shades of
pink, tan, brown, blue and yellow. An exceptional value:
yard

Basket Weave Skirtings

Almost equal to silk in appearance, in black and white stripes and
checker board plaids. Rich and beautiful per
yard .. 69c

Items Guaranteed

Taffeta Silk

WHY BE IN DOUBT REGARDING YOUR TAFFETA SILKS WHEN WE OFFER YOU the ONLY and GENUINE "BELDINGS"
GUARANTEED TAFFETA EVERY YARD POSITIVELY WARRANTED AT the SAME PRICE AS INFERIOR TAFFETAS?
THESE WE ARE SHOWING IN BLACK, WHITE, PINK, MIDNIGHT BLUE, BELGIAN BLUE, COPENHAGEN, NELL ROSE, OLD
ROSE, MAIZE, NILE, IVORY, TAN, BROWN, RUSSIAN GREEN, HUNTER'S GREEN, HELIO, WISTERIA, BURGUNDY,
WINE, CARDINAL, KELLY GREEN, SEAL?, ARIZONA SILVER, WISTERIA AND ALL AT
PER YARD
$1.50

Tailored Suits
Have you considered your Easter Suit? We are now offering the
most complete assortment of strictly high class
Women's Tailor Made Suits
At the greatest value giving prices ever offered.
It requires no expert to judge these suits; style and value stands
forth prominently in every one the makes of
"Redfern" "Boulevard" "Belle"
"Bermen" and "Printz"
are unquestionably pronounced style leaders wherever shown.
These we are showing in every popular and stylish color in fine
taffeta silks, poplins, wool gabardines, imported serges, whipcords
and imported checks and cream serges.
All sizes at from
$18.75 to $38.00
We positively pronounce each and every one of these suits of su
perior style and merit.
Our showing of Spring Coats and Dresses is the most comprehen
sive and largest in the city Every garment a style creation dis
tinctive and individual. A size and
Ranging in price from
$.75 to $30.00

High Class Novelties in
Skirts and Waists
Whatever is new in Skirts we show it Let it be a skirt for dress, for
walking, for motoring, or sports. We have them and in scores and
scores of smart styles.
The materials in our woolen skirts are all steam sponged and shrunk
en; and every garment is a custom made, man tailored skirt. Dozens
of new models just received in plain black taffetas, fancy plaids,
classy stripes, hair lines and shepherd checks, and Palm Beach cloth.
In all sizes up to 36 waist measure. At from
$.95 to $15.00

Tailored Skirt Special
Classy and jaunty in all wool navy blues and black serge, and black
and white shepherd checks, in regular and out sizes.
A wonderful showing at only $3.95

Exceptional Value Waists
And their name is legion dozens upon dozens of fine lingeries, organdies, tub silks, crepe de chines, laces and Georgette crepes. All sizes,
styles, colors and prices.
Organdie Waists

Very fine quality trimmed in dainty laces and embroidery; new style col
lar and sleeves chic and stylish. Extra at only

Tailored Crepe de Chines
Must be seen to be appreciated silk Blouses of regular $5.00 values; classy in the extreme!
Very latest models in white, flesh, maize, navy and pink. All sizes A won
der value at

FANCY PARASOLS
Some of the latest shapes, and
colors in plain silk poplins and
black and white stripes, with
fancy borders. Princess stick
handles. $2.00
values

UNION SUITS

Of special finish summer weight
gauze. Lace trimmed knees.
Regular and outsize sizes.

Taped neck and sleeves. A gar
ment regularly selling at 39c

25c

CURTAIN SCRIM
600 yards new Bungalow curtain
scrim. Ecru and cream ground
with fancy colored borders. Full
36 inches wide. A scrim regu
larly selling at 15c
yard

SILK PETTICOATS
Plain Messaline silk poplin and
jersey tops in all the leading
colors and blacks. Values up to
$2.75. All sizes Now your
choice at
each

EMBROIDERY
A 27-inch Swiss embroidery
flouncing in attractive open
work designs. Dozens of pat
terns to choose from. Values
up to 60c yard; now
only

Black Silk Hose

With solid heels double sole and toe. Extra reinforced
Lisle Garter Top. Seamless. Fast black. All
sizes

39c

Sample Hose

29c

In black and staple colors and white. Hosiery worth
up to 50c pair. Fine lisles and imported
cottons. Pair

Fancy Silk Hose
Pure silk factory run Hose. White with black ankle clocking
and black with white clocking. Very stylish.
Pair

Home Aprons
Not ordinary style Aprons, but Aprons
of neatness and style. Made from fast
colored fine ginghams and percales
89c to $1.39

N Diamond & Bros. Phoenix.

Breakfast Sets
Consisting of breakfast jacket and skirt.
Made from best quality dress percales.
Colors warranted tub proof.
98c to $2.50

to hurry. He had been down getting
some other people to go up and vote.
On the way to the city hall he showed
me a marked ballot and told me how to
vote. He said I was to vote for Corp
stein, and Woods and Cisney. He said
to be careful where I placed the cross
marks because the names didn't always
come the same way on the paper.
Corpstein's name was the last one on
the ballot he showed me. He said It
might be on the top on the real ballot
when I went to vote.
I reached the city hall about five
minutes before they were to close.
Perry Payne met me and said:
"'For goodness sake, hurry or you
won't get in.' But I did get in and
they closed the doors while I was vot
ing. If I did any wrong I did it be
cause I thought I could help my father
to keep his job."
It developed yesterday that on the
night before, Ned Creighton learned
that The Republican was in possession
of a signed statement from Luis Killeen,
relative to his having negotiated with
him (Killeen) for the rent of the rooming
house at 210-212 East Washington street,
from which place twenty-seven persons
registered for the primary and general
election. Creighton went to Killeen's
house after midnight and called Killeen
from his bed. For half an hour he urged,
pleaded and argued with Killeen to the
end that Killeen would ask The Repub
lican to withhold the statement and the
other papers which were printed yesterday
morning. Killeen said last night that
the statement credited to him that he
had threatened Healey, the alleged
proprietor of the Washington street
rooming house, with eviction unless he
worked in the interest of George V.
Young for election as mayor, was ab
solutely false. He denied ever having
mentioned to Healey that he (Killeen)
had a son employed in the office of the
city magistrate.