PAGE FOURTEEN

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 24, 1913

THE MINES OF ARIZONA

This department is under the direction of Mr. W. E. Defty, the well-known mining engineer, who will carefully scrutinize all matters relating to mining in order that only reliable information regarding legitimate enterprises shall find place here.
The Republican would be pleased to receive information from any part of the state regarding the development of the mining industry. All communications should be addressed: Mining Department, Arizona Republican.

Typoite.
A very hard, warped and dislocated formation, with numberless faults radiating in all directions is typoite. It is generally avoided by everybody. Never is it to be hunted for as it is always prominently in evidence. When struck by a hammer it gives off a smell of bituminous and nitrosulfuric acid. It is of no value whatever.
I thought it advisable to warn generally with the above remarks for the typo has been at it again. In reference to the Vekol mine in last week's issue, the hydra-headed typo mutilated to "extreme" workings in place of "extensive."
The number of mines in the United States was credited to the Engineering and Mining Journal. The typoite omitted it in addition to several other minor errors. After my killing a few of the typos off and burying them in the niches of the sub-cellar of The Republican building, things went better for a while. But their game has commenced again, so after careful study, I have completed a device whereby, when the dreaded typo begins to mutilate the English language, substitute different words and meanings, misspell and other infractions, a molten stream of lead from the melting pot behind the machine, will eject itself directly upon the operator's nose. This at least will be a reminder of the errors of his ways, and may have the desired and much prayed for beneficial effect. It is does not create what is desirable. The whole herd of typos will be killed off and placed in niches in the Catacombs, in the sub-basement and an admission fee inseparable and its a sad parting of the ways for the survivor.

J. Q. A. King, who passed away last week, conducted the assay office on Second Avenue for some years. The office was established by Ernest Ford from whom King took it and continued in the business up to about three years ago when he sold out to the present owners.

Charles A. Burcham also passed away last week in Los Angeles and he is another old-time miner that will be greatly missed. He was the discoverer of the famous Yellow Aster mine near Randsburg and with Col. John Siggleton was one of the principal stockholders. It is really a mountain of ore. I can remember the property years ago when it only had surface scratchings. But on my last visit it was a big, energetic enterprise. The mine has many years' life ahead.

Assay Office of
J. S. NEAL
ASSAYER AND CHEMIST
207 N. First St. Phoenix, Ariz.

CALL THE
INFORMATION BUREAU

Phone 1389

Anything you want. We give FIRST-CLASS SERVICE at a reasonable cost. We specialize in furnishing office help of all kinds, stenographic work, corporation secretaries, statutory agents, multigraphed letters, mailing lists that are new, expert letter writers, form letters that get business, collectors who collect, notary public and expert stenographer in the office at all times.

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED

McCAUSLAND
Business Exchange
8 West Adams St.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA

Turquoise.
On behalf of the Geological Survey one of the mineralogists is now engaged in examining the locality near Courtland where this gemstone is found in excellent quality. The stone is found in place in the Dragoon Mountains on the road between Pearce and Gleeson where it occurs in an extensively kaolinized rhyolite in irregular patches and veinlets. These deposits were worked by prehistoric races as there is every evidence to show. This gem has also been known and worked for years in the Mineral Park district, Mohave county and occurs in a kaolinized porphyry. Very beautiful specimens of the gems are found in both these districts and quite a good deal has been mined and as it is much sought after for jewelry setting, the deposits are likely to receive more attention in the future. The mineral composition of the stone is a phosphate of alumina and copper with occasional other accessories. Sometimes with these additions, as well as the matrix, it constitutes a very attractive stone when polished.

The engine house is the prettiest I ever saw, spotlessly clean and is more like a conservatory with bowers of plants and ferns, furnishing a beautiful ornamentation. The mine has many years' life ahead.

Personals
James Lindsay is making examinations in the Superior district. This district is receiving a great deal of attention at the present time.

Frank Collins, an old-time miner, was in town last week, being a refugee from Durango, Mexico, where he has been for a number of years. His personal narrative and experience of conditions down there is appalling. He stood it as long as he could, but conditions were getting unbearable and there was no alternative but to leave, whilst he was able.

FREE TO ASTHMA SUFFERERS
A New Home Cure That Anyone Can Use Without Discomfort or Loss of Time.
We have a New Method that cures Asthma, and we want you to try it at our expense. No matter whether your case is of long-standing or recent development, whether it is present as Hay Fever or chronic Asthma you should send for a free trial of our method. No matter in what climate you live, no matter what your age or occupation if you are troubled with Asthma our method should relieve you promptly.
We especially want to send it to those apparently hopeless cases, where all forms of inhalers, douches, opium preparations, fumes, "patent smokes," etc., have failed. We want to show everyone at our own expense that this new method is designed to end all difficult breathing, all wheezing and all those terrible paroxysms at once and for all time.
This free offer is too important to neglect a single day. Write now and begin the cure at once. Send no money. Simply mail coupon below. Do It Today.

ANGELES

LO

Jobbers and Manufacturers
Who Solicit Arizona Trade

The following leading commercial houses of Los Angeles appreciate the substantial development of Phoenix, and desire to have their announcements before the growing population of the State of Arizona.

Obituary.
Charles Adelbert Canfield passed away last night in Los Angeles and a better and kindlier prospector never breathed. He prospected in Colorado and New Mexico and from there drifted into California with Doheny his partner and sunk the first oil well near Los Angeles. From this he went ahead and amassed a large fortune from his oil operations in California and Mexico and at the time of his death, was probably worth from ten to twelve millions. But his money never made him forget that he once punched the burro. He was always willing and ready to extend the helping hand, was generous and philanthropic to a fault and he surely left the world better than he found it. His old partner Doheny still survives him. During life they were

Thomas M. McOill of Chicago, one of the heavy stockholders of the United Gold Mines Co., at Congress is on a visit to the property. It is stated the development work is showing up highly satisfactorily.

FREE ASTHMA COUPON
FRONTIER ASTHMA CO.,
Room 14H, Niagara and Hudson Sts., Buffalo, N.Y.
Send free trial of your method to

WEDDING
INVITATIONS
AND
ANNOUNCEMENTS

E. LITTLE COMPANY
426 SOUTH BROADWAY
LOS ANGELES

Sick Him Bolin
The state mine inspector, is after a mine promoter for selling stock under the pretense that he was Bolin's assistant. No doubt if the real inspector gets hold of the bogus one, he will drop him into the dump on the 1200-foot level.

F. J. Coleman
ASSAYER & ANALYST
35 E. Washington St.
Phoenix, Arizona

Arizona Portland Cement
A HOME PRODUCT
is now on the market.
PERFECT PORTLAND CEMENT
Being made at home we save on freight charges. That is to your advantage.
AT ALL DEALERS

The Copper Queen Consolidated Mining Company

We are in the market for all kinds of gold, silver, copper ores and concentrates and copper matte, making prompt payments in full. Our sampling operations are open to the inspection of shippers. Write us for prices and treatment rates, giving approximate assay and analysis.
Address
Copper Queen Consolidated Mining Co.
REDUCTION WORKS
Douglas, Arizona

S. HARRY ROBERTSON
35 East Washington St.
Phone 1709

The Accident at Clifton
Word comes from Billy Caldwell that his brother, Olenor V. Caldwell, electrician who was one of the killed on the runaway cars, was a terribly mutilated mass. A great deal of the human fragments were collected in buckets. Probably the terrific momentum of the cars took away the lives of the poor fellows before they reached the bottom. For the cars must have assumed a frightful rate of speed. The incline had a dip of 53 degrees and was 3,800 feet in length.

John C. Greenway
It is with great pleasure we receive the word that Captain John C. Greenway has been appointed as a member of the advisory committee of the department of mines and metallurgy of the Panama-Pacific International Exposition to be held in San Francisco in 1915.
Captain Greenway has an important work before him but no better choice could have been made. The selection is everything that could be desired from a mining and every other standpoint. He is universally liked is at the head of large interests and sways an important influence in the mining world.
However, he has a hard task before him as the public generally are sick of exhibiting. Mining is an exacting business and requires close attention and it will be difficult to divert the managements from the undertakings they have in hand. Another difficulty will be in deciding what forms the exhibits should take. Of course, everyone has plans, drawings and photos of everything on the surface and underground. Then there are the models of stamp mills, concentrating and cyanide plants and smelters. Then follow models of the interior workings of the mines made of glass, wood strips and other materials. We could make a magnificent, attractive exhibit of the ores produced in the state. The exhibit of the ores extracted from the Copper Queen mine would be a sight in themselves. For the azurites, malachites, stalagmites, and stalactites from this mine has produced more of these specimens than probably any other mine in the world. Then there is the C. & A., Shattuck and other properties that produce beautiful ores, there are the magnate ores at Superior, gold ores from Mohave and rich silver ore from the Monte Cristo, Yavapai. However, no doubt Captain Greenway has a plan of his own to insure a successful and creditable showing for the state. He is resourceful and capable so there need not be any fear or doubt with the matter in his hands.

Southern Berkey, president of the company, and York of "Hang Town." It was one of the first noted tungsten strikes that pans the superintendent, called at his ranch house in Colusa on December 12, 1911, and painted golden verbal pictures of the earning rapacity of the Arizona Commercial. An important strike in the mine of the Arizona Commercial company is reported by Superintendent Boyd. The crosscut on the 12th level, one hundred feet south of the shaft, has cut a ledge of iron 40 feet wide, well oxidized and carrying some sulphides. Although this ledge where penetrated carries but little copper, it is the same ledge which many years ago yielded a considerable tonnage of very rich ore, extracted from shallow openings on the surface. Apparently it is the same ledge which runs through the Gray and other claims of the United Globe mines and which contributes largely to the production of the Old Dominion.
Drifting on this ledge on the Arizona Commercial is now in progress and the management is hopeful of opening up commercial ore in quantity.

The La Paz Placer
Alleging that he was induced to purchase $1000 worth of stock in a fake gold mining venture solely on the wording of several highly colored prospectuses, P. V. Berkey, a Colusa farmer, yesterday filed suit to recover the amount. The plaintiffs are A. L. Grimsley, G. A. Scroggs, John T. Bill, Harry Groves, W. P. Bardshar, Edwin York, E. A. Razor and the New La Paz Gold Mining Company. The defendants are all well known in mining capacity or the mine. According to the complaint the defendants informed Berkey they owned nearly 500 acres of land in Yuma county, Arizona, and it was nearly all gold for a depth of many feet. Berkey alleges Grimsley showed him a vial containing some coarse gold and he informed him that when the mine was worked properly it would yield $500 a day, $156,000 a month or $1,980,000 a year.

The complaint alleges that Grimsley told Berkey that 200,000 shares of the capitalized stock of $1,000,000 had been sold at 50 cents a share. He is alleged to have promised Berkey 200 percent profit annually on the par value of stock and 400 percent profit on money invested. One of the company's alleged prospectuses stated that there was enough gold in sight to keep a big force of men working day and night for ten years. Also that $8,000,000 in gold had been taken out of the mine in 1863 and that experts estimated that there was $28,000,000 in gold in the property left to be mined.

Berkey alleges he was deceived and defrauded out of his $1000 by the defendants and further alleges that the New La Paz Gold Mining Company is worthless. He denies the existence of any mine in the region named by the alleged owners.
The above ground is in Yuma county, between Ehrenburg and Parker on the Colorado river and in the early sixties large quantities of placer gold were taken out. The places supported a thriving town remnants of which are still standing. When I first visited the spot 23 years ago, some of the walls of the old buildings were in a fair state of preservation with iron doors and barred windows and old safes. I made extensive tests of the ground and panned out gold in every instance. In fact in scraping off the top of the floor in some of the old buildings, I panned gold from the original dirt floors. I don't know what the representations of the officials have been in this case, but there surely is a large and valuable area of auriferous gravel and why it hasn't been worked is because the ground was always understood to be in the confines of the Indian reservation. Early this year a special investigator of the government was in Phoenix and other parts of the state taking evidence in regard to the location of the placers and a great deal of testimony and evidence was accumulated. The Gold Company which is trying to hold the ground says the placers are not on the reservation. However, the interior department has now the matter under consideration and no decision has been arrived at and probably it will be some time before there will be, if it is proven to be on the reservation it would be an easy matter for the government to grant a permit for the working of the ground. For by pumping the water from the Colorado for sluicing there is no question that a large amount of gold can be recovered.

But right in the city, in a pit in a garage for mining cars, while digging out a gasoline tank, a two-foot ledge of "pay dirt" was struck six feet below the surface. Los Angeles Times.

The Copper Giant at Hackberry has been bonded by W. A. Clark. The shaft is being sunk deeper and it is stated that a large shoot of copper ore has been uncovered.

Balances
The balances of precision now on the market are marvels of the manufacturer's art. The accuracy of delicate weighing obtained and the extreme sensitiveness of the scales are most gratifying. A balance of this character, has recently been installed in the assay office of J. S. Neal North First St. The sensibility of the scales are the 1-200 of a milligram and for the benefit of those not familiar with the comparison of weights, we would state that this is approximately the equal of 6-1,000,000 of an ounce. (Continued on Page Twenty-four)

SPECIAL PRICE TO CONSUMERS
Goods shipped to all points O. D. Money refunded on goods returned intact within one week.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK

28x3 9.00 32x4
30x3 9.00 33x4
30x3 1/2 14.00 34x4
31x3 1/2 13.00 35x4
32x3 1/2 13.00 36x4
34x3 1/2 13.00 40 x4
36x3 1/2 14.00 34x4 1/2

$13.00
$20.00
$20.00
$19.00
$19.00
$19.00

36x4 1/2 $25.00
37x4 1/2 27.00
38x4 1/2 28.00
42x4 1/2 25.00

36x5
37x5
43x5
36x5 1/2

$25.00
$25.00
$25.00
$36.50

44x5 1/2 $40.00
GUARANTEED TUBES
Prices Subject to Change Without Notice
Phones F3737 H. A. DEMAREST, Mgr. Broadway 4049
The Oldest Automobile Tire Jobbing Concern in the United States and the Largest in the World.

Here Is Foot Comfort

California Mining Interests
It is startling to the minds of old timers to read about a mining strike near Placerville. This city in the argonaut days rejoiced in the sobriquet "Hang Town." It was one of the first noted tungsten strikes that pans the superintendent, called at his ranch house in Colusa on December 12, 1911, and painted golden verbal pictures of the earning rapacity of the Arizona Commercial.

This is a broad claim to make, but the Scholl "Foot-Eazer" eases feet, provides absolute means of foot comfort. When the arch of the foot is not properly supported and the modern shoe does not give this required support the feet tire and ache and pain and become feverish and then there is a twitching and a seeming strain on the limbs, and frequently a feeling of fatigue over the whole body.
The arch of the foot, where the body's weight is carried, needs a rest.
THE SCHOLL "FOOT-EAZER" supports the arch or instep and takes away all muscular strain, equalizing the weight and bearing.
Made of German Silver Springs, leather covered. Self-adjusting to any foot. Can be changed from one pair of shoes to another and can be worn with comfort by anyone.
Women who do housework, or clerks in stores or offices, or anyone whose occupation requires them to do much standing or walking should buy a pair of "Foot-Eazers" today.
You cannot have restful feet until you do wear them.

All sizes, for men and women. Price $2.00 per pair.
Endorsed by Physicians by People who wear them. For sale by
SHIRLEY & SHIRLEY.
3 East Adam St.

LY THE TRAINLOAD

Direct to Consumer at Wholesale Prices. From the Largest Building Material Supply House in the West
The Explanation of our Amazing Growth

Our tremendous buying facilities enable us to save you at least 25% on building material.

No matter what you want, write us. If we haven't got it, we'll get it, and at the best possible price.

Satisfaction guaranteed or money back
HERE ARE A FEW QUOTATIONS TAKEN FROM OUR IMMENSE STOCK. For complete list send for CATALOG A.

Plumbing Supplies
Cast Iron and Enamelware Bath Tubs, Lavatories, Laundry Trays, at Lowest Prices on the Coast.
High and Low Closet Combinations
We have two carloads of perfect closet combinations, with highly polished woodwork, copper-lined tanks, best of fittings, nickel trim. High tanks at $11.50. Low down tanks at $14.00.

We have a carload of vitreous china low down tanks, with the best of fittings, china handles and mahogany seats, which we are offering at extremely low prices.
No. 2 outfit, tank just slightly pitted complete to the floor. Our strictly No. 1 Complete with fittings, $15.00 complete to the floor. Also a carload of sheet steel extra heavy enamel vitreous combinations, fully complete to the floor. These are exceptional buys at $16.50 for the low flown, and at $19.00 for the high tank combination. These vitreous or steel enamel combinations are durable and, having no linings, will last a lifetime. Every metal tank sold by us is under a 5-year guarantee. So you take no chances in ordering one of these. KITCHEN SINKS $5.00 TP.

MAKE THE MOUTH WATER
Our Prices Run as Low as
Fillings 50c
Painless Extraction 50c.
Gold Crowns, 22 kt. $3.50
(Whalebone Suction) Plates $4.00

Attention Given

All work guaranteed 5 years. Without a doubt the best bridge work for $3.50 a tooth. This bridge work is of superior quality and as good as the money can buy. For every dollar that you spend in our office you receive $2 worth or more of first-class, guaranteed dentistry.
SANITARY DENTISTS
Open Sundays, 9 a.m. until 5 o'clock p.m. Daily, 8 a.m. until 8:30 o'clock p.m.

N.E. Cor. 2d and Main Sts., over Branch Home Savings Bank,
LOS ANGELES, CAL.

Roofing Material
"Our Standard" two-ply Roofing, including cement and nails, $1.40 per roll.
(Galvanized Corrugated Iron Roofing extra heavy quality; all lengths; $4.25 per square. This can also be used for siding, and is ideal for barns, sheds, etc. These are two of the best buys on the Pacific Coast.
Sash and Doors
Let us figure on your Sash and Door estimate; you will be surprised at the savings.

Gas Ranges
Three burners, oven 14x18, nickel trimmings, $10
Four burners, oven 14x18, handsomely nickled $12
Paint
House Paint-all colors-guaranteed, $1.50 per gallon. Golden West Shingle Stain, 60c per gallon.
Roof Paint, 90c per gallon.

Water Heaters
Duluth Combination Gas Water Heaters, 8, 12 and 16 gallons, $18 $19 $20
Single and double copper coil Gas Heaters, 8 to 16 gallons, $18 $20

WALL BOARD
"We have two carloads of the best Wall Board on the market 150 pounds heavier to the 100 square feet than any we have ever had. Use Wall Board instead of plaster. Anyone can put it on. Good value at $35. Our price $25 per M.

LUMBER, BUILDERS' HARDWARE, WIRE FENCING

WHITTING-MEAD COMMERCIAL CO.
417-23 EAST FIFTH ST., LOS ANGELES, CAL.

Try A Republican Want Ad.