THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, -JANUARY 5, 1913.
VALLEY LEAGUE

PAGE TWO

MOTORCYCLE

Will Start February 1st;
Republican Baseball Cup
the Prize; Several Teams
Already Practicing; P. H.
S. Squad Starts Monday

There Is no "dull season" in Phoenician athletics, and the high school
is even now in the midst of a paroxysm of sportive activity; football was
sooner over than track work was begun, and now baseball practice is
to be started. By Monday evening
two diamonds will be in readiness
at Fifth and McKinley, and two
squads of embryo Ty Cobbs will be
chasing the ball around.
Until the first of February, the
prospective players will be divided along
class lines; Manager Grable will have
charge of one squad, and Captain
Johnson of the other. A series of
games will take place between Grable
Senior-Juniors and Johnson Soph.
Freshmen, and before February fifteenth a school team will be picked
and put in the field to fight for The
Republican baseball cup.

The Valley league series this year

will be the third of the annual contests for the trophy cup; the Indians won the series of 1911 and their

name stands first on the trophy; last
year the Normal took the championship, and the cup is now enthroned in
the Tempe school. The school that
wins the cup three times comes into
permanent possession of the prize.
Word comes from the south side
that the Normal players have been
practicing for some time; interclass
baseball is the feature at the Indian
school just now; and Monday the
revels will begin on the Phoenix field.
Mesa and Tempe high schools are
not at all backward when it comes
to a championship contest and it is
probable that both will have teams in
the field in a few days.

Rube Seymour Rode Fastest
Official Mile in 36 Seconds; Some Astonishing
Records of Professionals
and Amateurs

Sporting Chat
Hot off the Wire

The spectacle of Rube Marquard
standing back on his heels and demanding $10,000 a year to pitch for
Muggsy McGraw and the Giants does
not swallow like good dessert to the
average fan. The fan is nothing if
he is not a dopester, and with his
little book of records in his memory,
he figures out that Rube has not yet
returned service in full for that dear
$11,000 bones, that wise old John J.
handed over the counter to Indianapolis for the privilege of baring Rube
as a useless ornament to the Polo
only delivered the goods for two seasons, which just about pays the interest on the 'leven thou.

"Young Lochinvar has come out from
the west.
Of all the wide border, his punch is
the best.
He put but Jim Flynn, and he knocked Palzer stiff.
And 'tis said he carries in each hand
a biff
That would smother an ox, when it
lands in a jiff."
With apologies to a famous
Scotchman.
The facility with which Luther Mc
Carty fools a fan while in training
seems to be equaled only by his
ability to go home with the bacon
after the bout. Six months ago, he
was spoken of as a big dub, stuck on
his own looks and not of sufficient
class to get out of the Carl Morris
division of wanta-be's. Yet in three
weeks, he has humbled the two leading
heavyweight pugilists of the

country, one of whom has been a
crusher of white hopes for years, and
the other of whom was looked upon
as the heavyweight velocipede to roll
out the black business in pugilism.
Lute's eyes are now sparkling with
pleasure almost as brightly as the
diamonds in Uncle Tom McCarey's
belt, a souvenir belt, worth more
than $1000 that has been prepared
for the winner of the heavyweight
contest. There are only two or three
white pugs in the world now actively
engaged in the business who are
likely to be able to stand before the
young Missouri giant. He can well
lay claim to the heavyweight championship
of the world without feeling any
trepidation that his prowess will be
questioned until another crop of
white hopes is raised by the public
bleeding pug promoter.

The fastest official mile traveled by
a motorcycle during the year of 1912
was 36 4/5 seconds.
This was at the rate of 97.82 miles an
hour and was ridden by Ray Seymour
at Los Angeles, Cal., May 17, 1912. On the same day and in the same
test Seymour flashed on around the

track, mile after mile, until he had

hung up new official records up to and
including 20 miles.
He rode the 20 miles in 12:52 4/5. A
few days later, on May 24, he broke
the existing records from 20 to 30
miles, riding the 30 miles in 20:21 4/5.

These were the only new professional
records made during 1912, although

there were many attempts in which the
record was not adopted as official for
various reasons announced by the competition committee of the Federation of

American Motorcyclists.
Jake DeRosier, the old motorcycle
war-horse still holds the official professional records made during 1911 and

1910, from 35 to 100 miles. DeRosier's

time for 100 miles is 75:24 2/5.
In the amateur field Lon Claflin
hung up a new series of official records from 1 mile to 17 miles for 1912.
His first mile was made in 8 2/5 seconds two seconds slower than Seymour's professional time. This record

was also made at Los Angeles, Cal., on
the same day that Seymour cleaned the
slate up to 20 miles May 17. Claflin's
time for the seventeen miles was
11:24 3/5.
G. Gustafson made a record of 400
miles in 4:92:36 at Springfield, Mass..
Oct. 1, 1909. On the following day C.
Spencer hung up records from 500 to
1,000 miles at Springfield. His time
for 1,000 miles was 22:20:59.
Following are the F. A. M. national
championships for 1912, these championships being competed for each
year:
Two-mile F. A. M. Championship,
won by Don Johns, Chicago, June 2nd,

1912. Time, 2:01.

One hour- F. A. M. Championship. J.
U. Constant, Detroit, June 23rd, 1912.
Distance, 66 miles.
Five miles F. A. M. Professional
Championship, Ray Seymour, Columbus,
July 19th, 1912. Time. 3:22 2/5.
Ten miles F. A. M. Professional
Championship, Eddie Hasha, Columbus,
Ohio, July 19th. Time, 6:40 2/5.
Fifteen miles F. A. M. Professional

Championship, Eddie Hasha, Columbus,
Ohio, July 20th. Time, 10:53 4/5.
Ten-mile F. A. M. Amateur Championship, J. U. Constant.- Columbus,
Ohio. July 20th. Time 6:59 1/5.
Five-mile F. A. M. Amateur Championship. Don Clark, Columbus, Ohio,
July 20th, 1912. Time, 4:28.
One-mile F. A. M. Amateur Championship, J. U. Constant, Columbus,
Ohio, July 20th, 1912. Time. 1:40 1/5.

Five
Passenger
F. O. B.
Phoenix

Two
Passenger
F. O. B.
Phoenix,

Ten Cars
Arrive Monday

There has been some discussion of
that talk of the Vernon baseball
team coming here next spring for
the opening training. And that ain't
all. We hear no more of the stuff
about Vernon owning the Los Angeles club franchise.

In that particular corner of the
world dominated by El Paso, and in
which Douglas, Bisbee, Cananea, Albuquerque and possibly Tucson are
said to be located, there is a great
deal of talk at present of a revival
this year of the old Cactus Baseball
league. If it is possible for these
cities to put up teams and obtain
recognition from the national association

Sir James Callahan, manager of the
White Sox, says that sitting on the
bench is not to his liking and that he
will play in left again next year.
After being out of the game for a
couple of years, Orvie Overall, formerly of the Cubs, wants to come
back and pitch for any big league
team except the Cubs.
In explaining his break with his
manager, Aleck McLean, Matty Baldwin says that McLean did not get
him enough bouts.
Jim Flynn's next bout will be with
Tom McMahon, the Pittsburgh heavy

weight, the muss to be staged in New
York the latter part of this month.
Charley Ledoux, the French bantam,
who has returned to France,
may not box again for two years, as
he will have to enter the army in
the near future.

brand and put them into the little
toy bank, by putting a crimp in the
aspirations of one Ollie Kirk. The
coast fight fans are yelling "Coward"
at John because he will not go out
west and fight this rude Dundee
person, who yearns for gore and
glory. Johnny Kilbane has always
been known as one of this here
shrewd sort, and the fact that he is
staying around where the picking is
good indicates that he wants enough
coin of the realm to last him a
while before he takes any chances
with his championship crown.

All Ford cars are fully equipped. The classy new runabout will be out in about two weeks.
Ford speaks at Los Angeles. He states that the Standard Oil Co. hasn't enough money to buy the Ford factory, for up to the
present time the Ford factory has been rushed to keep up with their orders.

Ralph
417 West Washington Street

Agent Maricopa and Pinal Counties

George Standing Will
Retire From Racket

BILL FOR RELIEF
OF THE ACTORS

Long Campaign Waged, in
Germany Results in Introduction of Measure
Protecting From Theatrical Managers

There was a nice story appearing
in the eastern papers the other day
notifying the world that Life Insurance Agent Christy Mathewson had
saved a beautiful schoolgirl fan
from being expelled from school. For
a nice retiring fellow, who minds his
own business and says little, Big Six
gets more newspaper publicity than
any baseball player in the jungles.
"There is a reason."

The coaches of the losing universities of last year's football season are
again tinkering with the rules. These

rules will be mended so much and
amended so much the ordinary foot-

ball fan will know next to nothing
about the game in the course of a
year or two.

Joe Rivers is swelling around New
York, wearing good clothes, telling
folks how it is done in the big Ver
non arena. Joe is shortly to trade
biffs with a dentist party by the nom
de "ring of Leach Cross, who plugs
teeth for a business and blacks eyes
for pleasure. But he said "that's no
business."

A new year and a new champion.

NEW YORK, Jan. 4. George Standing, champion racket player of the
world and the racket and tennis club
professional retired from competition
January 1st and will devote his entire
time to his duties at the racket club.
With the exception of Tom Tait of
Boston, Standing is the oldest instructor of rackets and court tennis in the
United States and for several years
has been recognized as the leading exponent of the game in the professional
ranks.
Since his arrival in this country
Standing has defeated many of the
leading racket and court tennis players
of Europe. For many years Standing
was classed among the four best
racket players in the world. He defeated Tom Pettit of Boston, Fred
Forrester of Lakewood, Alf Tomkins of
Philadelphia and many others and was
the acknowledged champion in America.
His victory over Pete Laham of
England, one of the greatest racket
players of all times, gave him the

world's championship, which he successfully defended against Ferdinand
Garcin of France, the present British champion, and others.
With Standing on the retired list
there are no players of championship,
caliber in this country, although there
are several promising young players
acting as instructors in New York,
Philadelphia, Boston and Tuxedo.

Associated Press Dispatch
BERLIN, Jan. 4. The long campaign
waged by German actors has resulted
in the introduction in the Reichstag of
a bill designed to afford members of
the profession relief from the present
arbitrary decisions of theatrical managers.
If the legislation is enacted the right
of the manager to discharge a player
after a month's probation will be denied.
The bill abolishes all probationary or conditional contracts. No rehearsals may be held after evening
performances, and rehearsals on Sundays and holidays are sharply restricted. The producer, too, must supply all
costumes that cannot be worn in common life.
The managers claim that the last
provision would work a great hardship
upon them and point out that it would
of necessity result in lowering still
further the already small salaries
which are paid to German actors and
actresses, except in the case of large,
well-paying, playhouses in the big
cities.

ability of Berliners through an alleged
inheritance of $450,000 from an uncle

in Russia. Spei was able to embark
in extensive building operations, many
of which were conducted at a point on
credit based on the supposed inheritance, but finally defrauded workmen,
contractors and others out of hundreds
of thousands of dollars.
The pair led a luxurious life while
the story was believed, furnished an
expensive apartment in a good section
of the city and played no small role in
the social life of their quarter until the
bubble burst.

Gustav Woelferling, an ex-sergeant
in the German army, has just been sentenced to fifteen years' hard labor as

a penalty for too much prosperity.
Woelferling was long detailed as secretary at the military headquarters at
Thorn, near the Russian frontier,
where he enjoyed the utmost confidence and had access to confidential
military plans. Early in 1912 he
resigned from the army with the best
wishes of his superior officers, but
suspicion was aroused when after a
few months of quiet life he began to
spend money freely and place mortgages
on a scale all out of proportion
with his former pay and pension.
The military authorities had him
closely watched and through counter
espionage and in other ways finally
established that the trusted sergeant
had for years been betraying to the
Russian authorities mobilization plans
and other material of great value to
them in case of war.
After a secret trial he was given the
highest permissible sentence, fifteen

years at hard labor, fined $3,750 and
money loaned on mortgages by him to
the amount of $17,650 ordered confiscated to the state; the total of $21,000
apparently representing his profits as
a Russian spy.

MUNICH ROYALTY IS MODEST.

As far as meeting royalty is concerned, Munich is a great contrast to
Berlin. It is impossible to stay long in
the Prussian capital without having
one's path stopped or impeded by the
passing of some prince of the royal

house or at all events, by the cohorts
of police who safeguard them. One
may stay for months in Munich without
seeing more than a royal carriage
driving past, almost unnoticed except
for the raising of hats. The popularity
of the Wittelsbachs is genuine, and every
Municher takes a lively interest in
the ways and doings of the members
of the royal house. The tragic history
of the Wittelsbachs in recent times is
perhaps the reason why the personalities of the present generation seem

somewhat effaced. They at all events
take care not to stand in the limelight.
From the Manchester Guardian.

AN OLD INDIAN MEDICINE

S. S. S. is one of the oldest of medicines; it was prepared and used by the

Indian Medicine Man hundreds of years ago in the treatment of all blood

disorders. Of course it did not then bear its present name, but the formula for
compounding it was just what it is today, and its results then as now, entirely satisfactory to those who used it. S. S. S. is made entirely of roots,
herbs and barks without the addition of a particle of mineral. It is the
widest known and the best acting blood purifier before the public today.
This great remedy cures Rheumatism, Catarrh, Sores and Ulcers, Skin
Diseases, Scrofula, Specific Blood Poison and any and all blood infections
and impurities. No one need fear to use S. S. S. It is perfectly safe for
any system, and its fine vegetable tonic effects especially recommend it to
all weak, debilitated persons who may be in need of a blood purifier. S. S. S.
goes into the circulation and removes every
particle of impurity, humor or poison from
the blood. S. S. S. acts most pleasantly and
beneficially on the stomach, assists in toning
up the digestive members and contributes in

every way to the blessing of strong robust health. Write for free book on
the blood and any medical advice you wish. S. S. S. is sold at drugstores.
Tim Swift Specific Co. Atlanta, Ga.

E. W. Kerngeld, a fifteen-year-old
lad, has just been honored by the production by the famous Philharmonic
orchestra, under the direction of Arthur Nikisch, of a dramatic overture,
his fourth work of importance.
The Nikisch concerts are musical
events of the first importance in musical
Berlin and when the program was
announced musical critics and habitual
concert-goers worried their heads over
the identity of this mysterious composer
whose work had been selected for such
signal distinction.
Disregarding the youth of the composer the critics have praised the work
highly as showing complete mastery of
the art of orchestration and modern
musical technique and the experience
of a composer of years' training. A
certain lack of originality, to be expected in so young a musician under
the influence of composers like Strauss,
was the chief criticism brought against
him and this is he is expected to out
grow.

Although the story of Mathilde Humbert and her fraudulent millions has
presumably penetrated all parts of the
world, a German version of the swindle
has just been stopped and the perpetrator, Mrs. Annl Sanueck, sentenced to
2 1/2 years imprisonment.
With a companion, an architect
named Spei, he played upon the gullible

33
40
45
50

Fully equipped, F. O. B. Phoenix ...... $1350
Fully equipped, F. O. B. Phoenix ...... $1625
Fully equipped, F. O. B. Phoenix ...... $1900
Little Six, F. O. B. Phoenix .......... $2100
Large Six, F. O. B. Phoenix .......... $3000
Roadsters and Tourers.
Most Complete Line Built by Any Factory
Desert Auto Company
308 North Central Avenue