THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: FRIDAY MORNING, AUGUST 4, 1893.  

iMWaumMUUkMMlAiMJMf  

Mesa Department,  

MESA CITY, ARIZONA, AUGUST 4, 1893.  

MESA NOTES.  

Don C. Lofgreen is building a brick  
residence on block 45.  
Chill and Davie, brickmen of Lehi,  
paid a business visit yesterday.  
R. H. Smith is preparing to build a  
brick residence on his lot on Second  
street.  
Prof. Warren, of San Diego, has been  
given the Cashion school for the ensu  
ing year.  
W. M. Dixon came down from Gold  
field last night for a load of goods for  
the camp. He will go back today.  
Johnny Coleman is a happy man.  
His wife a few days ago gave birth to a  
fine baby boy and both are doing  
nice.  
The brick work on the residence of  
H. S. Peterson is now completed and  

soon the busy carpenters will finish the  
handsome structure.  
It is reported that C. C. Dana of  
Mesa, has left here a few days ago,  
made a rich find just east of the Mam  
moth mine yesterday.  
Wellington Richins of Mesa, started  
to Prescott a few days ago with a load  
of fine fruit grapes, peaches and ap  
ples. He will be gone ten or twelve  
days.  

J. P. Shewman, formerly assistant  
editor of the Mesa Free Press, is ex  
pected in Mesa from California Mon  
day. Mr. Shewman has been spending  
a few months on the balmy coast.  
Work on the new head of the Mesa  
canal will begin in a few days. The  
new head will cut the gravel bed about  
eighteen feet deep and make a junction  
with the old canal about two miles from  
the head.  
Buren Merrill of Lehi, and family,  
paid Mesa a visit yesterday. Mr. Mer  
rill came down from the Goldfield  

and in his report times lively as usual  

that there was an eclipse of the moon.  
The superstitious Indians believed  
that the electric light was absorbing  
or swallowing the moon. They gath  
ered in a large body at one quarter of  
the town and moved upon the plant to  
destroy it. It was saved only by the  
intervention of a large body of troops.  
The government the next day selected  
several representative Indians, took  
them to the power-house, shocked  
them severely, then took them out  
along the line and shocked them again  

with the wires and informed them that  
the electric light was an evil spirit, and  
that they had better leave it alone.  
Since then they have had no trouble on  
that score."  

Scientists have succeeded in meas  

uring the thickness of soapy water in  
a bubble. When showing the shade of  
violet, it was one-fourth the thickness  
of a violet wave of light, that is, about  
1-210,000 of an inch.  

Alex Turnell, Mining Engineer and Metal-  
lurgist.  
Alfred L. Turnell, Civil Engineer, Deputy  
County Surveyor, and U. S. Deputy  
Land Surveyor.  
TURNELL & SON,  
Do all kinds of  
Architectural, Mining and Civil Engineering.  
Contracts taken for buildings and estimates  

furnished for all work. Hydraulic and canal  
work a Specialty.  
Office Pomeroy Block, MESA CITY.  

MESA ADVERTISEMENTS. MESA ADVERTISEMENTS.  

A GARDEN SPOT.  

Livery.  

RESTAURANT.  
MORSE & BIDWELL, Props.  
Will serve good meals at the Superstition  
Mining Camp at  
50 cents per Meal and $1.00 per Day.  

Go to Shew Ying restaurant for meals.  

BARBER SHOP.  
W. M. DIXON, Prop.  

Shaving 25c  
Haircutting, .... 50c  

Goldfield City, Ariz.  

Central Restaurant  

E. I. LONG, Prop.  

First-class meals served from  
5 to 7 a. m., 12 to 1:30 p.m.,  
and from 5:30 to 7:30 p. m.  
Mesa City, - - - Ariz.  

Inducements Offered  
By the South Side to  
Homeseekers.  

GOLDEN EAGLE  
Livery, Feed  
and Sale Stable,  
STURGES & WALTERS, Proprietors.  
Successors to J. L. Gant.  
Special Mention Given to Boarding Stock.  
Calls answered promptly.  
Telephone 51.  
Pima Street, South of Hills House.  

Barber Shop.  

B. COOK  
has now the  

COLUMBIA CHAIRS,  

has refitted his bar  
ber shop opposite  
Hartford Bank and  
ready to wait on you,  
first-class barbers always.  

MESA PAINT SHOP.  
For all kinds of  
PAINTING  
AND  
DECORATING.  
First-Class Work and Reasonable Prices.  
L. W. JOHNSON, Prop.  

The Consolidated is the largest of the great canals of the south side. The system now consists of 40 miles of main canal; 75 miles of main laterals and 150 miles of smaller laterals so distributed that 100,000 acres of land may be irrigated.  

Besides this great system the following canals with underlying territory must be considered: The Highland canal, 20 miles, 15,000 acres; the Mesa canal, 10 miles, 20,000 acres; the Utah, 10 miles, 20,000 acres; the Tempe, 15 miles, 30,000.  

The entire region about Mesa derives its life from these systems which are also contributory in the highest degree to the agricultural prosperity of the country around Tempe.  

There is a rapidly spreading belief that that part of the valley in which these two flourishing towns are located is the garden spot of Arizona and developments justify the growing belief.  

It is not improper in this connection to describe briefly the grounds upon which this belief is based and the natural reasons why it is so.  
The country about Mesa will probably within the next ten years enjoy the widely circulated distinction of being the most productive fruit-growing region in the United States as it is now known to be the chief fruit belt of the valley.  

It differs sufficiently in altitude from the rest of the valley to insure semi-tropical fruits against danger from frost always imminent in the most favored regions of California.  
The altitude is 81.6 feet higher than Tempe and 172 feet above Phoenix, rendering it somewhat cooler than either place in summer and slightly warmer in winter.  
Vineyards dot the country in every direction and hundreds of broad acres are set to oranges, almonds, dates, etc.  
Mesa City, the center of this lovely region, is an ideal village of 1200 people, situated 6.8 miles east of Tempe and about 17 miles from Phoenix.  
The business and commercial interests include one bank, seven general merchandise stores, one hardware store, two blacksmith shops, one lumber yard and two saloons.  

The buildings are of a good character and become more pretentious yearly. As might be expected in such a community there are excellent church and school facilities and the town is sufficiently metropolitan to support a small opera house.  
Communication is maintained with the neighboring cities of Tempe and Phoenix by means of two daily stages.  
Three miles east of Mesa City is the prosperous village of Lehi, among whose other industries and features is a creamery, the best in Arizona and known throughout the territory.  
The mesa proper extends to the river, four miles north of Mesa City; on the south it is almost limitless, a stretch of country which within ten years will be known as the Garden Spot of America.  

[Remaining text continues unchanged in same corrected format.]