Wants of the People.
WANTED—A saddle horse; single-foot
er well broke. Apply Dr. Mark A.
Kogen, Tucson.
WANTED—A saddle horse for its keeping. Best of care. Apply at The Citizen office.
WANTED—Two or three furnished
housekeeping rooms, with shady yard.
No objection to the suborner. Address
Ex, care of Citizen.
FOR SALE—Mountain spring wagon,
two seats and top, gentle driving horse,
buggy harness. Inquire back of
J. M. South 3rd avenue.
FOR RENT—Good, 600-foot adobe houses,
well located, furnished or unfurnished. Apply, 141 North Main St.
Tel. 525. ts
WANTED—Advertisers to remember
that the Citizen is gaining in circulation, and the columns of this paper afford the best medium for profitable
advertising.
WANTED—Fifty track laborers for construction work; $1.75 to $2.00 per day.
Call on L. H. Landis, Acting General
Agent, Santa Fe, Prescott & Phoenix
Ry., Phoenix, Arizona.
LOST—Pocketbook, lost between here
and San Xavier mission, containing
three checks and other receipts, finder
keep the money but return the pocketbook and checks to Wood A. Griffith,
116 west Congress street.
Brief Local Notes.
FOR SALE—Upright Emerson piano,
valued at $600, for $200. Inquire,
John Keeler, S. P. R. R. shops.
STORAGE WAREHOUSE all furniture, etc., stored with absolute safety.
Pioneer Transfer Co., 17 N. Stone ave.
OLD HERMITAGE WHISKEY
and Havana Cigars. Call at McNeil
and O'Keefe’s, corner of Congress and
Church Sts.
HEAD Judge Ferguson’s advertisement under the head of "Business Opportunity” and you may find something
that will put you on the road to good
fortune. _____________ ts
Table Claret, Zinfandel and Sauternes
of the best grades have just been received by E. Abadie from the renowned
Santa Clara valley, Cal. Any of these
brands belong to the 1898 crop. A bottle at your meal will constitute the best
of tonics and aperients.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. MARK A. RODGERS
41 North Stone Ave.
Office Hours 1 to 4 and 7 to 8 p. m.
Telephone No. 11.
N. H. Matas,
PHYSICIAN-SURGEON.
Office Hours 11 to 12 a. m.; 1 to 4
and 6 to 7 p. m.
Pennington St, Opposite Postoffice.
C. A. Cauthorn, A. M. M. D.,
Physician and Surgeon.
Rooms 5 and 6, Century Block,
Over Martin’s Drug Store.
A. J. GOULD, M.D.
Office and Residence 308 Pennington St.
Office Hours
10 to 12 a. m.; 2 to 4, 7 to 8 p.m.
DENTISTS.
HUGH O. GORE, D. D. S.
DENTIST.
71 South Stone Avenue, Opposite
Episcopal Church.
TUCSON - • - ARIZONA.
ATTORNEYS
I. F. Utah,
ATTORNEY & COUNSELLOR
AT LAW.
41 Church St Tucson, Ariz.
W. J. Osborn,
ATTORNEY, NOTARY PUBLIC
AND CONVEYANCER.
Hall of Pioneer Historical Society.
Rooms 5 and 6 Pearson Block.
TUCSON ... ARIZONA.
W. J. Kirkpatrick,
ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
No. 140 West Pennington St.
TUCSON . . . ARIZONA.
MISSING WORKMAN.
Charles von Erxleben,
U. S. Deputy Surveyor.
MINING WORK A SPECIALITY.
Charges—$7.50 per day includes the use of
Cam. Mining claims in groups in any part
of the Territory, surveyed and platted (same
for $100) including all expenses, each
Map of all kinds at lowest rates.
Hill, Printed maps. Mining property examined
and reported need. Mine work guaranteed. Mines bought and sold.
ARCHITECTS.
H. C. Trott,
ARCHITECT.
Office—No. 80 W. Congress St.
Upstairs.
TUCSON . . . ARIZONA.
FORBES & NEVINS
ARCHITECTS.
Rooms 1 and 2 Century Building
For Congress and Church Sts., Tucson, A. T.
Fought For His Life.
‘My father and sister both died of
tuberculosis,” writes J. T. Weather
ford of Wyandotte, Mich., “and I was
saved from the same frightful fate only
by Dr. King’s New Discovery. An attack of
pneumonia left an obstinate cough and very severe lung trouble,
but no excellent doctor could help
and in a few months’ use of this wonderful
medicine made me as well as ever and I
gained much in weight.” Infallible for
bronchitis, Colds and all Throat and Lung
troubles. Guaranteed bottle 60c and $1
at I. Zeckendorf & Co., wholesale, and
the Martin, retail. Trial bottles free.

SECRET SOCIETIES.
PIMA LODGE NO. 3, I. O. O. F.—Meets
every Friday night at 7:30 o’clock at
A. O. U. W. hall. Visiting brothers
cordially invited. N. Mitrovich, Noble
Grand. John A. Flood Secretary.
PIMA TRIBE NO. 10, IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN. Meets every
Thursday night at 8 o’clock, A. O. U.
W. hall. George Howard, Sachem. N.
E. Hawke, Chief of Records. Felix
Levy, Collector of Wampum.
ARIZONA LODGE NO. 1, A. O. U. W.—
Meets in A. O. U. W. hall every
Wednesday evening at 7 p. m. Visiting
brothers are fraternally invited.
S. Henniger, M. W. Thomas Con-
ion, Recorder.
ARIZONA COMMANDERY NO. 1,
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.—Stated conclave first Friday of each month, at
7:30 p. m. Sojourning Sir Knights
courteously welcomed. Roscoe Dale,
E. C. G. J. Roekruge, Secretary.
TUCSON CHAPTER NO. 3. —Royal
Arch Masons, meets in Masonic hall
on the last Friday evening of each
month. Sojourning companions in good
standing are fraternally invited. Geo.
Shand, H. P. G. J. Roekruge, Sec-
retary.
TUCSON LODGE NO. 385, B. P. O.
ELKS.—Will hold regular meetings
on the first and third Monday evenings of each month, at 7:30 o’clock.
Visiting Elks are cordially invited to
attend. A. C. Bernard, E. R. W. P.
B. Field, Secretary.
SAN XAVIER CAMP NO. 8, WOOD
MEN OF THE WORLD.—Meet every
first and third Mondays at 8 o’clock
p.m., in the new A. O. U. W. hall.
Visiting members invited. Henry
Melluish, Consul Commander. I.
Nenstetter, Clerk.
TUCSON LODGE NO. 4, A. F. & A. M.—
Stated communications on the second
Friday of each month, at 7:30 o’clock
in the evening, at Masonic hall. Notice
of special meetings will be given by
hoisting a blue flag. Visiting brothers
are cordially invited. Geo. E. Kohler,
Master. G. J. Roskrnge, Secretary.
Albert T. Colton,
U. S. Deputy mineral
Surveyor.
Mapping Conveying and Abstracting.
Land and Mine Surveying.
FLORENCE, ARIZ.
Rolled Steel and Helical Cutters.
Embalming a Specialty.
TUCSON UNDERTAKING PARLORS
O. C. Parker, Manager
Lady Embalmer for Ladies and
Children.
TOCSON, - • - ARIZONA.
R. T. Millar,
PURIFYING DIRECTOR
also embalmer.
A First Class Lady Embalmer for
Ladies and Children.
18 S. Church Street. TUCSON, ARIZONA.
E. L. Wetmore,
Assayer & Metallurgical
Bullion Smelter and Fineness.
Determined.
Office and Laboratory, No. 184 Pennington, St. 1

#Your
Eastern
The “I. C.” Man
Excursions^^^^'
(Personally Conducted.)
Run three times every week.
No. 342 Douglass Building, Los Angeles,
California.
C. Haydock, Com’l Agent.
Write for particulars and rates to all
points East via New Orleans or via
Omaha or via St. Louis or ask any Southern
Pacific agent about the
Illinois Central Railroad
Or apply to any agent of the Southern
Pacific Company.
C. M. Burkhalter, Agent F. P. Co.,
Tucson, Arizona.
1 .. -
Baldwin Restaurant
This popular location is again
open to the public under a new
management. Experienced cook
and first class waiters.
Best Meal the city offers
TRY A MEAL AT THE
BALDWIN RESTAURANT
Hale & Whitman, Props.
67 Congress St. Tucson, Ariz.
25 YEARS’ .
EXPERIENCE
I I «■ ■ ■ * ■m. %di
p / All J L I ISb 1
Bm B A
SHISsajyafis^S^
SSSSKSE***"
Scientific American,
* published weekly.
mllEon JSSLISi
BTgjfaggft*
Subscribe to the Daily Citizen
65 cents per month.

Arizona daily Citizen; Tucson, Saturday evening, May 18, 1901

The Oil Excitement Is
Still on in Yuma and
Other Arizona Places
The excitement which started three weeks ago at Texas Hill, spread to Mohawk, gained impetus
at Oatman Flat, gathered the experts on petroleum from the fields of Texas and California, and has
grown until it enfolds within its alluring embrace almost every section of Yuma county, as well as the
bordering portion of Maricopa.
And in no locality where there exists the remotest possibility that oil may be found, has
interest abated. On the contrary, the feeling of confidence, and the excitement which it occasions,
are increasing by rapid and most magnificent and inspiring leaps and bounds. Each succeeding day’s
close marks the acquisition, on the part of the almost frenzied locators, of several thousand additional
acres of what may or may not be oil land.
The Yuma Sun says, no longer is this location confined to the original Texas Hill field, though that
still retains the palm for magnitude of area and interest in the public eye. Nor yet is the interest centered in and about Texas Hill being monopolized by the Oatman Flat district, though that holds its
cinch on second place. In both of these cases the districts supposed to be favored beyond other localities have been extended by eager searchers for the rainbow which ends in a gusher, for miles in every
direction, and the extensions increase day by day. The pioneer district of the present excitement, as
well as its most immediate successor and rival, have been amended by adding to until they remind one
of the general appropriation bill passed by the Twenty-first Legislature. Their own fathers don’t know
them.
But the interest in oil lands is so intense, and the indications on every hand so promising, that oil
blossom, shale, gypsum, asphaltum sand, seepage and all the other thousand one indications or any of
them, are being searched for in every nook and cranny and crevice. And from the vast number of locations being made, it seems the search is not being prosecuted in vain.
Only three miles from Yuma a large number of locations have been made by local parties, who assert
that the indications are as favorable as at Bakersfield or Kern River, so conceded by California experts
intimately acquainted with the conditions in those prominent fields.
These locations are being made up the Gila river, on the south side of the stream, and include all the
unpatented land in that locality.
Yuma parties also have directed their attention to the Laguna section, thirteen miles up the Colorado
river from this point, near where, it is claimed, the indications are as flattering as have yet been found in
the county. This district appropriately includes the foothills extending around to Gila City, twelve
miles away. Most of the foothill territory has been under location for more than a year, but the hilly
country back thereof is thought to afford an equally promising field for the developer.
From far up the Colorado river, too, have come specimens of oil sand and shale which cannot be told
from the genuine article, and it will not be surprising if a rush soon sets in toward that section. Though
not on or of easy access to a railroad, as are the fields to which the excitement has thus far been confined, this new district has the advantage of being located on a navigable river.
Thus is the surface research for oil being extended around the county, and all the available and
promising land is being secured while it may. The next step in the development of the oil fields with
which, in the opinion of those who ought to know if anyone does, Yuma county abounds, must necessarily,
be the sinking of wells to demonstrate the truth or falsity of the theories and hopes of the hundreds
who have banked their judgment on the “signs.”
Though no information has been obtained which would justify us in making the positive announcement that drilling operations have been determined upon at once, it is almost certain that each will prove
the case. Too much confidence exists that the stuff is there, to permit the enthusiasm to die out without
definite results having been obtained. The opinions of all the experts who have examined the districts and the rock and sand which comes from them are so pronounced and unanimous that all the enthusiasm being manifested is justified, and numerous wells will most certainly be the result.
The most definite promise of early operations seems to come from Tucson, where no less than two associations of local capital owning ground in the Texas Hill field are preparing to sink wells. A Los Angeles company also is said to be ready to begin active operations with a rig removed from a California
well which did not pan out according to expectations. The scene of this company’s proposed operations
is also in the Texas Hill district. Another rumor for which credence is claimed is that an Eastern company possessed of the fever and a large area of land between Texas Hill and Mohawk are moving in the
matter of a determined test, confident of the successful outcome thereof. Yuma, it would seem, is content with the glory she will gain by reason of owning a large portion of the locations.
Some little conflict, as might be expected, has been caused by claim jumping, but this true to a
minimum extent, and it is not feared that development will be retarded on that account. The magnitude of the country and the lack of definite information as to actual values renders differences of opinion, as yet, of easy settlement.
The promise that Yuma county will develop oil fields of importance appears to be growing brighter
rapidly. The hope that the promise will grow in realization within a few months is cherished by the
most conservative, as well as shared by many of the ordinarily skeptical.

Articles of Incorporation of the Los Angeles and Beaumont Oil Company.
The undersigned, H. L. Squires, N. S.
Meigs, N. J. Emerson, C. W. Baldridge
and P. G. Baldridge, hereby associate
ourselves together and adopt the following
Articles of Incorporation, for the purposes of forming a corporation under
the laws of the Territory of Arizona.
ARTICLE I.
The name of this corporation shall be
the Los Angeles and Beaumont Oil
Company, and the principal place for
transacting its business shall be at Tucson, Pima County, Territory of Arizona
but proposes to carry on business in the
States of California, and Texas and will
have an office at Los Angeles, in the
State of California.
ARTICLE II.
That for the purpose for which this
corporation is formed, are: drill for, and
develop oil, asphaltum, and other minerals; to transport and refine oil or otherwise prepare the same for market: to acquire, purchase, hold, improve, work,
and operate, sell and convey oil wells,
oil machinery, oil and mineral lands and
to erect all necessary buildings, and
machinery necessary for said purposes
to procure, locate and purchase water
and water rights; to locate under the
laws of California, Arizona, and the
United States, placer and lode mining
claims; to construct ditches, flumes, or
pipe lines, to issue, sell and convey
stocks, bonds, mortgages; to purchase
acquire, sell and convey real and
personal property; to farm and
to cultivate any lands acquired by the
corporation, and generally to do all necessary to carry on said business.
ARTICLE III.
The amount of the capital stock authorized to be issued is one Million
(1,000,000) shares of the par value of
One Dollar each and when issued shall
be forever non-assessable.
ARTICLE IV.
The time of the commencement of this
corporation shall be the date these articles are filed with the County Recorder
of the said County of Pima. This corporation shall exist for twenty-five years
from its commencement.
ARTICLE V.
The affairs of this corporation shall be
conducted by a Board of Directors composed of five or more stockholders, to be
elected on the 1st day of July, 1901
and until each annual election there-
The following are the names of the Directors who are to serve until the first
annual meeting and until their successors are elected, to-wit, H. L. Squires,
N. S. Meigs, N. J. Emerson, C. W. Baldridge and P. G. Baldridge.
ARTICLE VI.
The highest amount of indebtedness to
which this corporation shall be subject
shall be Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000).
ARTICLE VII.
The private property of the stockholders of this corporation shall be exempt
from liability for the corporation debts.

Tucson, Ariz.

ARTICLE VIII.
These articles of Incorporation may be
amended by a two-thirds vote of the
stockholders of this corporation at any
regular meeting of the stockholders or
any special meeting called for that purpose, and the amendment shall be filed
with the County Recorder of said County of Pima, and printed as required by
law.
ARTICLE IX.
That the Directors of this corporation
may adopt by-laws for this corporation
at their first meeting. Elections of Directors and stockholders meeting [annual]
shall be held yearly on the first Monday
in July of each year.
In witness whereof we have hereunto
set our hands and seals this 14th day of
May, 1901, in duplicate.
N. J. Emerson, Seal
C. W. Baldridge Seal
H. L. Squires Seal
N. S. Meigs Seal
P. G. Baldridge Seal
State of California, )
- [ss-
County of Los Angeles )
Before me, Rosa T. Hickox, a Notary
Public in and for the said County of Los
Angeles, and State of California, personally appeared, H. L. Squires, N. S.
Meigs, N. J. Emerson, C. W. Baldridge
and P. G. Baldridge, known to me to be
the persons who executed the within
instrument and who are mentioned in
the same and they and each of them acknowledged to me that they and each of
them executed the said Articles of Incorporation of The Los Angeles and Beaumont Oil Company, for the purposes and
consideration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of
office this 14th day of May, A. D. 1901.
Seal Ross T. Hickox
Notary Public in and for the County
of Los Angeles, State of California.
My commission expires February 28th,
1904.
10 cent Internal Revenue Stamp properly cancelled.
State of California, )
> ss.
County of Los Angeles.
I. C. W. Bell, County Clerk of the
County of Los Angeles, and ex-officio
Clerk of the Superior Court of the State
of California, in and for said County,
the same being a Court of Record, do
hereby certify that Ross T. Hickox
whose name is subscribed to the Certificate of the proof or acknowledgment
of the annexed instrument, and thereon
written, was, at the time of taking such
proof and acknowledgment, a Notary
Public in and for said County duly
commissioned and sworn, and authorized by the laws of said State to take
the acknowledgments and proof of deeds
or conveyances for land, tenements or
hereditaments in said State of California And further, that I am well ac
quainted with the handwriting of such
notary public, and verily believe that
the signature to said certificate of proof
or acknowledgment is genuine; and that
the annexed instrument is executed,
acknowledged and certified in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto
set my hand and affixed the seal of said
Superior Court, the 14th day of May,
1901.
Seal. C. W. Bell, Clerk.
10c I. R. stamp properly cancelled.
First pub. May 18. Last May 24.
A Good Thing.
German Syrup is the special prescription of Dr. A. Boschee, a celebrated German
physician, and is acknowledged to
be one of the most fortunate discoveries
in medicine. It quickly cures coughs,
colds and all lung troubles of the severest nature, removing, as it does, the
cause of the affection and leaving the
parts in a strong and healthy condition. It is not an experimental medicine, but has stood the test of years, giving
satisfaction in every case, which its
rapidly increasing sale every season confirms. Two million bottles sold annually.
Boschee’s German Syrup was introduced in the United States in 1868, and
is now sold in every town and village in
the civilized world. Three doses will
relieve any ordinary cough. Price 75 cts.
Get Green’s Prize Almanac.
Change of Time.
To ALL CONCERNED:
Commencing Thursday, April 25th,
train No. 1 will leave Bisbee at 7 a. m.,
Fairbank at 8.13 a. m., arriving at Benson at 8.50 a. m. No. 2 will leave Benson at 11 a. m., Fairbank at 11.37 a. m.,
arriving at Bisbee at 1 p. m.
Train No. 3 will leave Bisbee at 1.30
p. m. for Douglas, arriving at Douglas at
2.30 p. m. The return train, No. 4, will
leave Douglas at 3 p. m., arriving at
Bisbee at 4 p. m.
Time, Pacific standard.
These trains will carry passengers,
mail and express only.
H. C. Morgan, Superintendent.
V. R. Stiles, Gen. Frt. & Pass Agt.
7 Nasal Catarrh quickly yields to treatment by Ely’s Cream Balm, which is agreeably aromatic. It is received through the
nostrils, cleanses and heals the whole surface over which it diffuses itself. Druggists
sell the 50c. size; Trial size by mail, 10
cents. Test it and you are sure to continue
the treatment.
Announcement.
To accommodate those who are partial
to the use of atomizers in applying liquids
into the nasal passages for catarrhal troubles, the proprietors prepare Cream Balm in
liquid form, which will be known as Ely’s
Liquid Cream Balm. Price including the
spraying tube is 75 cents. Druggists or by
mail. The liquid form embodies the medicinal properties of the solid preparation.
Oil location blanks for sale at
the Citizen office.

SOHBMJAH jg
R stands foremost in these qualifications. It is* Mf]
/- beautiful beverage —passing like | ;
j sunshine —tipped with mountain snow* ki'Mmmsr
$ / H P°°°se* the “true hop flavor*’ and aroma, j^gig
JQigkUs [M* The real family beer, onwim Uw
1 JULIUS GOLDBAUM, TUCSON, A. T.
D A Our (Uintjrbonk of menu*- I •Some Oennen Supper*." tn» on \
F) j • request. Tke Americas Brtwlif C,.. w. LMto, Me I
E-A B -A BO A b'CI
J. B. BREATHITT. J. R. MANNING. J
BREATHITT & MANNING
General Commission Brokers
OFFICES 112 SOUTH STONE AVENUE.
INSURANCE AGENTS
DEALERS IN
LIVESTOCK ....CATTLE—
REAL ESTATE RANCHES
MINES CITY LOTS
Will Negotiate Loans, Act as Agents
and Do a General Brokerage Business
PROPERTY SOLD ON TIME.

A RARE OPPORTUNITY!
To buy or exchange for Tucson Property. JS|
An Orange, Lemon Orchard and Citrus Grow
Containing fruits of rare qualities near Los Angeles, California, with a
room residence, etc., will bear investigation. If necessary will accept
part real estate and mortgage on place for balance.
Also for Sale - " ■-■=== f
3,500 HEAD OF CATTLE, IN LOTS AS FOLLOWS: f
600 HEAD OF STOCK CATTLE, HALF GRADE, mostly rows fail I 'A
3 to 7 years old with 100 or more calves and steers.
1,500 STEERS 3 YEARS OLD AND UPWARDS FAIR GRADES, 388
1,400 STEERS, ONE, TWO AND THREE YEARS OLD, FAIR GRADES.
Lots in various parts of Tucson.
Lots near the University and Indian School.
Farms and Ranches near the city.
Gold, Silver and Copper mining groups.
Improved and unimproved lots for sale.
Lane with modern residences.
Lots for business purposes.
Rents Collected —Rooms and Buildings leased.
Old Orndorff, opposite I. O. Room 1, head of stairs.
mi.. mi—
M/ is a representative , Ip s|j
Democratic m-c’M
u( devoted to the ■-CT
interest of I
and the I, Ji
Commercial
the next time . v ■ - , x "*'
'M B- *3
ri. M ., ML w» K Sfl JgSJfL
riwwvr