4

Union Market
O. F. SCHUMACHER, Prop.
Best quality of meat in the city, and at
the Lowest Price*. Call and Inspect
Our Refrigerator Room. You never
saw Choicer Meat or a Cleaner
Market than we have. Our meat
cutters are experts in their line.
Service First Class.

FRED. FLEISHMAN
DRUG STORE.
EASTER EGGS FOR EVERYONE
are easily obtainable these days, for
industrious hens and cold storage make
eggs plentiful, and the brilliant and
multi-colored dyes we feel furnish kaleidoscopic variations of the prismatic colors. Every shade you can think of —
good for dyeing other things than eggs,
too, so they won’t go to waste.
21 East Congress St.
TUCSON, ARIZ.

CASH PAID FOR ORES
AT THE—
Tucson Sampling Works.
Ores purchased in
any quantity
Custom Assaying Promptly Attended to
Gold and Silver Assay, $1.00
Copper $1.00
Lead $1.00
Results made the next day.
CHAS. R. WORES, Manager.
PLUMER & STEWARD.
Fire Insurance, Real
Estate and Loans.
Rents Collected.
Phone 1683.
29 North Stone Ave. TUCSON, ARIZ.
DORAN BROTHERS.
Fine Confectionery and
Ice Cream Parlors.
Stone Avenue and Camp Street. Free-
Pony Delivery. Tel. 14-31.

Mrs. C. Von Kruehlen, Miss Annie Stevens.
Erxleben & Stevens
Infants’ and Children’s Emporium.
Everything in Latest Styles for Infants and
Children. Also Ladies’ Shirt Waists,
Wrappers, Underwear, Etc.
28 North Stone Avenue, Tucson, Ariz.
Brief Local Notes.
BARTLETT—The express and trunk
man. Stand, corner Congress and Stone
avenue. Office 58 West Camp Street.
WHY SUFFER with those corns and
ingrowing nails when Zimmerman can
cure them without pain. 130 W. Pennington Street.
Will James E. Hulsapple or any one
who knows of his whereabouts please
communicate with his brother? Robert
M. Hulsapple, 549 East 158th St., New
York City.
THE BEST CHOCOLATE CREAMS
in the territory. Fresh candies every
day. Christmas candies in boxes. Call
and see the candy maker. 106 W. Congress Street. All kinds of drinks.
Table Claret, Zinfandel and Sauternes
of the best grades have just been received by E. Abadie from the renowned
Santa Clara valley, Cal. Any of these
brands belong to the 1895 crop. A bottle at your meal will constitute the best
of tonics and aperients.
*- Special Assessment Notice.
Notice is hereby given that the Common
Council of the City of Tucson,
Arizona, have levied and assessed a special assessment upon the property benefited by the following improvement:
The construction of a new sewer main
along that portion of Main Street in
the said City of Tucson, lying between
the intersections of McKenna Street and
said Main Street on the south, and Fifth
Street and said Main Street on the
north; the construction of said sewer
along said portion of Main Street being
in accordance with Resolution of said
Common Council of the City of Tucson
Numbered 38, and ordinance of the same
Numbered 142, both of which are recorded in the office of the Recorder of
the said City of Tucson in Book No. 1
Of Ordinances and Resolutions, as referred to will more fully appear;
the cost of which said sewer shall be defrayed by special assessment against all
property benefited and fronting on said
portion of Main Street to the extent of
the cost of constructing an eight-inch sewer,
and balance of said cost to be paid out
of the General Fund of the said City of
Tucson which cost as assessed against
property fronting on said portion of said
Main Street will more fully appear from
the Assessment Roll for such special
assessment on file in the office of the
City Recorder of the said City; that a
Warrant for the collection of such assessment has been issued by the undersigned.
Parties interested are hereby notified
to pay the amounts assessed
to the Collector’s Office in the City
Hall of the City of Tucson, Arizona,
Owen Street, within 90 days
from the date of April, A. D., 1901.
M. JAMES FLYNN,
Collector.

I OWE
US NOTHING
For doing right. The druggist who desires to grow in the confidence
of his neighbors has no other safe and sure way open to him.
We simply solicit your patronage on the grounds of pure drugs,
rightly handled, at fair prices.
On this basis we have grown, on this basis we will continue to grow.
We are in business to make money, but know full well that we
must earn your confidence before we can get your patronage.

The Arcadian Pharmacy
22 E. Congress St. Tucson, Arizona.

Brief News Items
of the Town.

John Baker was tried yesterday for
polygamy and found not guilty. Col.
Zabriskie made a strong argument and
put up a convincing case for his client
and the jury was not long in deciding
the innocence of Baker.
A HANDSOME line of millinery at
No. 25 Congress Street, the Leader.
Papago Indians brought three young
antelope into Florence last week and
disposed of them at $2 a head. The Tribune says that they are playful little
things and make nice pets, but the new
game law makes it a misdemeanor to
capture or have them in your possession
just the same.
Col. Allen T. Bird, editor of the Nogales Oasis, is in the city today. Mr. Bird
was taken seriously ill during his journey into the Sierra Madre mountains
and was brought back to Nogales in a
critical condition. He is rapidly recovering his health.
THE LEADER for fine millinery.
Governor Murphy says that President
McKinley will be in Phoenix on May 6,
for sure, and the governor knows what
he is talking about. This will bring the
president to Tucson on May 7th and a
stop will no doubt be made here since the
Knight Templars have extended the
president such a cordial invitation.

Hiram T. Plummer and wife will leave
Tucson on the 13th on a trip to California and Vancouver. After spending two
months on the coast they will go on to
Portland, Maine, which is their future
home. During their residence in Tucson
Mr. and Mrs. Plummer have made many
friends who will part with them with
regret.

The little girls of the Episcopal
church held a doll fair last night which
was one of the most unique events
of the season. Pretty little girls
waited on all those who came to eat ice
cream and cake and buy the dolls which
had been prepared for them by the little
girls. The event was a profitable one,
netting the church over thirty dollars.

HAVE YOU BEEN the dress hats for
five dollars and up at The Leader?

At the request of Mr. N. C. Wilson,
we correct the statement made in yesterday’s Citizen that he did the best
shooting of the day. Mr. Wilson tied
the best score, which was made by Mr.
Charlie Weber, and he wishes to say
through The Citizen that the Tucson
Gun Club is a body of as royal “good fellows” as walk the earth, and its president, Mr. Charlie Weber is the king of
them all, and he considers it sufficient
honor to have for once tied his score.

The persons indicted by the territorial
grand jury were arraigned this morning.
Price, the man who attacked Wm. Mc-
Neill, of the Delta saloon, was allowed
to plead guilty to assault with a deadly
weapon, changing the charge against
him of assault with intent to kill, and
he will be sentenced this afternoon. The
other took time to plead. The first case
which will come up will be that of the
territory vs. Refugio Rivera who is
charged with grand larceny. In case the
United States court cases are all tried by
tomorrow night the territorial court will
begin its labors on Thursday.

The first step leading towards the removal of the wedge was taken by the
city council last night. Petitions were
received by property owners asking the
council to condemn the wedge, which is
that block of structures between Stone
avenue and Court street. The petitioners agree to stand the principal expense
in the work of removal of the blocks.
Mayor Schumacher appointed M. G.
Samaniego, W. J. Corbett and Albert
Steinfeld as appraisers who are to arrive
at the valuations of the property condemned. The idea of Councilman Goodwin that the water ordinance he printed
in Spanish and distributed in circular
form met with approval and bids for the
printing will be asked for. Tom Horton
appeared in behalf of some petitioners
who object to the storage of hay and other combustible material within the city
limits where it might prove disastrous in
the case of fire.

The city street car company is being
severely criticized because of the condition of the tracks at the corner of Congress and Stone avenue which made the
terrible accident of last evening possible.
The rails protrude from the ground and
the groove at the turning point of the
corner makes driving hazardous and has
resulted in many accidents, but none so
deplorable as that which took the life of
a respected citizen of the city. The gaping groove catches the wheels of buggies
and if the driver is not careful the vehicle is overturned. There is a remedy for
this and the street car company should
attend to it at once. The traffic is not so
great that such a death-dealing trap
should be necessary at that corner where
there is the greatest travel of vehicles.
The city council should see to it that the
street car company is forced to place the
tracks upon a level with the ground, and
the groove should be removed or remedied so as to prevent in the future a repetition of the sad accident of last evening.

ABBONA DAILY CITIZEN TUCSON, TUESDAY EVENING, APRIL 9, 1901.

Sheriff Stout of Maricopa county is in
the city today on official business.
In the auction sale at 28 Simpson Street
tomorrow morning will be sold one fine
mandolin.
L. W. Wakefield is in receipt of a telegram from E. L. Vail who is attending a
family reunion at his old home in Plainfield, N. J., saying that his father had
just died of pneumonia.
When the street car track was laid
Mayor Schumacher and Councilman Reid
were members of the city council and
both gentlemen opposed the laying of
the rails, objecting to them on account of
the danger which they threatened to
drivers and traffic generally upon the
streets. The wisdom of their objection was again proven last night by the horrible accident which ended the life of
Ben Fairbanks.
Know all Men by These Presents:
That at the unusual meeting of stockholders
of the corporation known as "The Eureka
Crude Oil Company,” held at the city of Tucson, in the county of Pima, Territory of Arizona, on the 19th day of March, A.D., 1901, as
provided by law, the following amendments
to the Articles of Incorporation were regularly,
duly and unanimously adopted by the stockholders of said corporation.
1. Article I of said Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article I.
“The name of the corporation is and shall be
The Eureka Crude Oil Company. The principal place for transaction of the corporate
business shall be in the City of Tucson, in the
county of Pima, Territory of Arizona. The
corporation shall have a branch office at the
City of Los Angeles in the State of California.
Meetings of stockholders and directors of the
corporation may be held at Los Angeles if the
stockholders at any regular or special meeting
so direct by a majority vote of all stock represented at such meeting. In that event the
books of the corporation shall be kept in the
Los Angeles office. The corporation hereby
created, intends to carry on business in the
Territory of Arizona and in the State of California, and in other states and territories of
the United States of America.”
Article III of said Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article III.
“The amount of the Capital stock of this
corporation shall be and is two hundred thousand dollars, divided into two hundred thousand shares of the par value of one dollar each
share. One hundred and fifty thousand shares
of the shares of the stock of said corporation
have been set apart and applied to the purchase of a leasehold estate in oil bearing lands
in the county of Los Angeles, State of California, of the estimated value of one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars. The residue of
said stock, amounting to fifty thousand shares,
has been set apart for sale to the public to obtain means to develop said lands. Persons acquiring said stock directly or indirectly from
said corporation shall not be liable to the corporation for any difference between the
amount actually paid for said stock and the
face value of said stock, but all stock issued or
to be issued by said corporation shall be held,
treated and considered as fully paid stock of
the corporation: provided however, that after
three-fourths of the entire capital stock of
said company shall have been issued, the
stock of the corporation held by stockholders
shall be liable to assessment, and may be assessed by the Board of Directors to pay debts
and liabilities of the corporation, and also for
the purpose of carrying on the business of the
corporation. Assessment for said purposes or
any of them may be made in the manner provided by the laws of California, and if made,
shall be in installments not to exceed five
cents per share at any one time. The Board
of Directors may make said assessment of stock
at any regular meeting of the Board held in
the City of Tucson or in the City of Los Angeles, at which a quorum of directors is present.
The stock of the corporation unissued may be
sold by the Company at such price as the said
Directors may, at any meeting, determine and
when sold said stock shall be issued as fully
paid stock.”

Article IV of said Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article IV.
“The highest amount of indebtedness or liability direct or contingent to which this corporation is at any time to be subjected shall
not exceed the sum of twenty-five thousand
dollars. The indebtedness of the corporation
may be evidenced by notes or bonds executed
by the corporation. Said corporation shall
have the right to secure payment of said indebtedness, or any part thereof, by mortgage,
deed of trust or otherwise as its Board of Directors may direct.”
Article VII of the Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article VII
“The business and affairs of this corporation
shall be managed and directed by a Board of
five directors who shall be elected annually by the stockholders at the regular meeting of stockholders of the corporation held at the City of Tucson or the City of Los Angeles. The Board of Directors may select the city at which the meetings of
stockholders shall be held and shall provide
for the holding of such meetings in the By-
Laws of the corporation. No person shall be
eligible to the office of director who is not a
holder of capital stock of the corporation in
his own name, on the books of the company.
Any person ceasing to be a stockholder shall
forthwith cease to be a director and the vacancy thus created in the Board of Directors
shall be filled at the next meeting of the
Board. Any meeting of the Board at which a
quorum is present wherever and whenever
held shall be and is hereby declared to be a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors
whether notice of such meeting shall have
been given or not.”
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF the Chairman
and Secretary of said Stockholders’ meeting
have hereunto set their hands and the Secretary of said corporation has affixed hereto the
corporate seal of said corporation this 19th day
of March, A.D. 1901.
ED. B. SPENCER,
Chairman of Stockholders’ meeting and Vice
President of “The Eureka Crude Oil Company”
WALLACE B. PARKER,
Secretary of Stockholders’ meeting.
[Seal]
Attest: Henry A. Greene,
Secretary of The Eureka Crude Oil Company
State of California,
County of Los Angeles,
on this third day of April in the year one
thousand nine hundred and one before me,
Fred W. Heatherly, a Notary Public in and for
said county of Los Angeles, State of California
residing therein, duly commissioned and
qualified, personally appeared Ed. B. Spencer
known to me to be the Vice-President, and
Henry A. Greene, known to me to be the Secretary of The Eureka Crude Oil Company the
Corporation that executed the within instrument. and acknowledged to me that such Corporation executed the same.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto
set my hand and affixed my Official Seal the
day and year in this Certificate first above
written. FRED W. HEATHERLY
Notary Public in and for Los Angeles County
State of California,
State of California,
County of Los Angeles, ss
Ed. B. Spencer being duly sworn makes oath
and says that he is the Vice-President of "The
Eureka Crude Oil Company,” a corporation incorporated under the laws of the Territory of
Arizona; that he was present at the meeting
of stockholders held on the 19th day of March
A.D., 1901, at the city of Tucson in the Territory
of Arizona mentioned in the foregoing instrument of writing and that affiant acted as
Chairman at said meeting. Affiant says that
the matter as stated in said foregoing instrument of writing are true.
ED B. SPENCER.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 19th
day of March, A.D. 1901
[Seal] FRED W. HEATHERLY
Notary Public in and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California.
1st pub April 9th 1901 last April 16th 1901

Pioneers Attention.
All Pioneers are hereby notified to
meet at their hall tomorrow Wednesday
April 10th at 2:30 p. m. to attend the
funeral of their late brother Benjamin
B. Fairbanks,
By Order
Herbert H. Graebner
Recording Secretary.

GEO. H. COOK & CO.,
Special Dealers in Jewelry Manufactured to Order.
Complete Optic WATCHES, CLOCKS, DIAMONDS,
Department Eye, ETC. JEWELRY, Fine Watch
Repairing Free of Charge STERLINGWARE. Repairing a Specialty.
The Latest Novelties in Gold and Sterling Silver.
Presentation Goods for all Special Occasions: Phoenix, Arizona
Prescott, Arizona
Weddings, Birthdays Tucson, Arizona.
and Holidays.
Mail Orders Promptly Attended to.

AUCTION SALE!!
No. 38 Simpson Street.
ON WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10th,
Beginning at 10 a.m.
FURNITURE, CARPETS, AND PIANO
Also the following:
Five carpets, best Smyrna rugs; fancy
Wicker chair, 16th century rockers;
parlor tables, easel, elegant brass lamp
with hand-painted globe. One white
enamel bedstead, one oak bed room set.
toilet sets, lace curtains and poles, one
Russia iron stove, with Russia
pipe, cooking stove, dining
table and china dishes, miscellaneous
goods, etc., one gents “Crescent” bicycle, one
ladies “Crescent” bicycle, one
“Eclipse” bicycle, 25 volumes of Encyclopedia Britannica, leather bound, cost
$75, works of Dumas and other writers.
One Shoninger upright piano cost $100
in Los Angeles.
One top buggy cost $100 in Los
Angeles.
One Fine Singer Sewing Machine.
Terms of sale cash, with exception of
piano, which will be sold optional, all
cash in hand at time of sale, or half
down, balance $10 per month on lease
contract.
House open for inspection of goods at
8:30 on morning of sale.
C. E. Darrow, Auctioneer.
Subscribe to the Daily Citizen
(55 cents per month.

Club Stables
C. S. Stearns, Manager.
A Complete Line of Livery.
All Calls promptly attended to. First Class Boarding a Specialty.
Our aim is to secure patronage by good service.
300 South Stone Telephone No. 111

Easter Dinner
The Easter dinner is all well enough in
its way, but to the male mind a fine flavor-
filled cigar, to “make digestion to wait on appetite,” is the crowning feature of the meal.
Our leading brands of five and ten cent cig-
ars are sure to satisfy and gratify the most critical
smokers, and our two for a quarter’s—well,
they leave nothing to be said.
Drew’s Tucson Drug Store.

To close out my stock of
woolens I will reduce the prices
25 per cent
to make room for my spring stock
which has already begun to arrive.
Come in and examine my elegant
line of Imported and Domestic
Woolens

I have accepted the agency of Klein, Colin & Co. Chicago, the
largest Ladies Tailors in the United States. Call and see their beautiful
line of Samples and Fashion Plates. Perfect fitting man-tailored garments for ladies, made in any style.
IF YOU SO DESIRE YOU CAN PURCHASE YOUR OWN MATERIAL
The highest grade of work and perfect fit guaranteed.
Suits from $10.00 to $75.00.
Smith the Jailor, Smith the “Wedge.”

Is it From Martin?
Then it is Right.
Of special attraction
to our lady customers than all the
well-filled bottles of drugs and medicines is the corner of the store
where
Perfumery, Soaps, Toilet Articles,
Cosmetics, Etc.
are gathered
The collection is in every way
worthy of the interest it creates.
The goods are of excellent quality
and any one can be bright and
sweet at little cost.
George Startin,
Prescription Druggist.
Congress and Church Sts.
DEAFNESS CURED,
in no way. C. H. Orr, Milwaukee, Wis.

Buying Furniture...
You Can’t Afford to Buy
Furniture*
That is not up to date in style and quality. It’s the
cheapest in the end—You know that. We carry the
Grand Rapids Furniture
Conceded the most artistic and finest constructed and
finished in the world. Also a full line of medium
goods, and all at prices guaranteed the lowest.

The Wants
of the People
I Want advertisements published three times for
$2.00; must not be more than four lines, if more
than four lines the regular rate will be
charged. This rate applies to purely want
advertisements only.
PROSPECTORS The Sampson location notice for sale at the Citizen office.
FOR RENT—Three large unfurnished
rooms with large back yard and stable.
Enquire Citizen office.
“AGENTS WANTED, ladies or men, to
sell gilt edge oil stocks. Queen Oil
Co. 916 Market St., San Francisco.”
WANTED—Advertisers to remember
that the Citizen is gaining in circulation, and the columns of this paper afford the best medium for profitable
advertising.
WANTED—Men to learn barber trade.
Eight weeks completes, saving two
years—wages earned while learning.
Catalogue mailed free. Moler’s Barber College, San Francisco, Cal.
Baldwin Restaurant
This popular location is again
open to the public under a new
management. Experienced cook
and first class waiters.
Best Meal the city
Affords for
TRY A MEAL AT THE
BALDWIN RESTAURANT
Hale & Whitman, Props.
107 Congress St. Tucson, Ariz.

La Fiesta
Pelas Flores in honor of
President McKinley
and his Cabinet.
Magnificent Floral Pageant.
Gorgeous Oriental Parade.
Special Rates on all Railroads.
May 6th and 9th.
Los Angeles, Cal.

Albert T. Colton,
U. S. Deputy Mineral
Surveyor.
Mapping Conveying and Abstracting.
Land and Mine Surveying.
FLORENCE, ARIZ
THE NEATEST job printing is done
at The Citizen office. The job printing
department is equipped with new type,
new presses, and all work executed is
strictly first class. Bill heads, statements, letter heads, note heads, book
work of every description printed with
accuracy and dispatch. The work is the
best and the prices are not high.

Climax Barber Shop, 35 North Stone Avenue
The Only Antiseptic Barber Shop in the Territory.
Towels and all tools are sterilized after the work on each customer. Dr. Fenner
and other leading physicians have examined this method and say it
makes impossible any chance to inoculate barber’s
itch or other disease.
E. SPARKS Proprietor.
PUSCH & ZELLWEGER,
34 East Congress Street.
Finest Beef, Mutton and Pork in the Territory Always in stock.
Sausage is one of our specialties. Give us a trial
and you will be convinced. Telephone No. 111
DO YOU WANT LANDS?
Forest Reserve Land Rights and Soldiers’ Additional Scrip will title public land
at a moderate cost. We have had large experience in locating these scrips for
stockmen and lumbermen. From 40 acres up. Title guaranteed. We handle all
classes of Land Scrips. Write for particulars. Reference: Union Bank and Trust
Co., Helena, Montana.
The COLLINS LAND COMPANY,
Atlantic Building, Washington, D. C., or Helena, Montana.

A CRITICAL
Examination of
our work after we have repaired your
wheel will show you what
Mr. Maxwell who has charge of our bicycle
department, is a thorough mechanic, capable
of doing all kinds of repairing, when your
wheel is in need of repairs bring it to us.
EVERYTHING FOR THE WHEEL.
Gardiner, Worthen & Goss Co.

FOR THOROUGHNESS
strength and durability there are no
machines made which equal the
Adriance Buckeye Mowers.
They have many improvements.
Chief amongst these are roller bearing
and a perfect pitman.
The construction and accurate fitting of
the parts insure easy running.
We Ship In Car Lots
And can sell at the
RIGHT PRICES.
F. Ronstadt.
The “I. C.” Man
Excursions
(Personally Conducted.)
Run three times every week
No. 312 Douglass Building.
C. HAYDOCK, Com’l Agent
Write for particulars and rates to all
points Last via New Orleans or via
Omaha or via St. Louis or ask any Southern Pacific agent about the
Illinois Central Railroad
Or apply to any agent of the Southern
Pacific Company.
C. M. Burkhalter, Agent S. P. Co.,
Tucson, Arizona.
Good Advice.
The most miserable beings in the
world are those suffering from Dyspepsia and Liver Complaint. More than
seventy-five per cent of the people in
the United States are afflicted with these
two diseases and their effects: such as
Sour Stomach, Sick Headache, Habitual
Constipation, Palpitation of the Heart,
Heartburn, Water-brash, Gnawing and
Burning Pains at the Pit of the Stomach,
Yellow Skin, Coated Tongue and disagreeable Taste in the Mouth, Coming
up of the Food after Eating, Low Spirits,
etc. Go to your Druggist and get a bottle of August Flower for 76 cents. The
cures will relieve you. Try it. Get
Green’s Prize Almanac.