9
f

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, MONDAY MORNING, JULY 16, 1917
PAGE SEVEN

Transfer & Storage

CHAMBERS TRANSFER AND
STORAGE CO. Any kind of hauling.
Fireproof storage. Phone 1282 or 3526.
tf

Veterinary

DR. H. E. GERDES, Veterinary Sur
geon and dentist. Phone 1452. 308 N.
First Ave. tf

Dr. H. T. DOAK
Veterinary surgeon and dentist. 725

I Grand Ave. (Cowboy Corral). Phone
I 111 tf

THE THINGS TO REMEMBER
ABOUT THE CASE 10-20 TRACTOR
Here are but a very few of the many features of
the Case 10-20 Tractor.

1. Adapted to all farm work plows,
harrows and hauls. Drives small
thresher, husker, baler, silo filler, etc.
2. The engine is a Case design and
Case-made four-cylinder special tractor
motor.
3. All parts are easily accessible.
4. Simple, easy to operate. Very econom
ical Bull pinion shaft and axle run
on Hyatt Roller Bearings.
5. Weighs less than other tractors of
equal capacity. Built strong enough
to be durable.

6.

Idler wheel can be locked in by lever

from driver's seat for soft spots or
hard pulls. A patented feature.
7. All wheels travel on unplowed land
when plowing. Wide tires prevent
soil packing.
8. Successfully burns kerosene. Will
operate under full load continuously
without overheating.
9. Absolutely no side draft under maxi
mum pull at plowing with either three
or two bottom gang.
The new Case catalog tells all about
Case tractors. Come in and get one.

Vulcanizing

TIRE HOSPITAL OF PHOENIX
Vulcanizing and welding done
promptly and guaranteed. Out of town
work solicited. Arizona Vulcanizing
Works, 207 West Washington. Phone

SALT RIVER VALLEY WATER
USERS’ ASSOCIATION
Proposed agreement for the taking
over of the care, operation and main
tenance of the irrigation works known
as the Salt River Valley Water Users’
Association.
This Memorandum of an agreement
made by and between the United States
of America acting in this behalf by

the secretary of the interior under the
provisions of the act of June 17, 1902
(32 Stat., 388), and of acts amendatory
thereof and supplementary thereto, to
gether constituting the reclamation

law, of the first part and the Salt

over to the association, the difference
shall be paid to the United States by
the association in case of a deficit, or
the difference shall be credited on the
first installment in case of a surplus.
Such adjustment to be made December
1, 1917.
The exact amount of the balance of

such construction cost shall be com
puted to the date of the taking over by

the association of the care, operation
and maintenance of said project, and
then stated in writing by the secretary
of the interior to the association, and
the amount so stated shall be deemed
to be the net cost of said project which
the association agrees to pay the United
States.
Such payments shall be made in an
nual installments as follows:
Two per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1917.
Two per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1918.
Two per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1919.
Two per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1920.
Four per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1921.
Four per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1922.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1923.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1924.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1925.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1926.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1927.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1928.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1929.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1930.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1931.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1932.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1933.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1934.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1935.
Six per cent thereof on or before
December 1st, 1936.
And without interest.

The association shall pay any penal
ties which may be prescribed by the
reclamation law for individual delin
quencies.
Sixteenth If at any time before the

right, so far as the purport thereof
may be consistent with the provisions
of this agreement to make reasonable
rules and regulations, and to add to or
modify them, as may be proper and
necessary to carry out the true intent
and meaning of the law and this agree
ment.
Fourteenth Nothing in this agree
ment shall be construed as affecting or
interfering with the right or authority
of the secretary of the interior to with
hold delivery of water to the project
to an extent corresponding to the area
for which construction or building
charges, with penalties and interest,
have not been paid to the United
States, as may be required by law and
by the terms of this agreement, and
the association shall upon direction of
the secretary of the interior withhold
delivery of water in such cases.
Fifteenth The association will in
every practicable way cooperate with
the secretary of the interior in carrying
out the provisions of section 2 of the
act of congress of May 18, 1916 (39
Stat., 130), providing for water rights
for 631 Salt River Indian allotments of
10 acres each, and will cause to be per
formed such work as may be deemed
necessary by the secretary of the in
terior to carry into effect the provision
of said law. The expense of such work
will be met by the United States.

River Valley Water Users’ Association,
a corporation, duly organized and doing
business under the laws of the terri
tory (now state) of Arizona, of the sec
ond part and hereinafter for the sake
of brevity expression designated as
the "association," witnesseth:
First This agreement is to be held
and deemed supplementary to the
agreement made by and between the
same parties, the memorandum where
of is dated June 25th, 1904, and it is un
derstood and agreed that that agree
ment shall not be held or deemed in
anywise to be affected, modified,
changed or abrogated, in whole or in
part by this agreement, except as it
may be done by the express terms of
this agreement, or by reason of irrecon
cilable inconsistencies between this
and the said agreement of June 25th,
1904, and the terms of this present
agreement, and then only in those
particular provisions so expressly here
by affected, modified, changed or
abrogated, or between which there is
such irreconcilable inconsistency mani
fested, in which case and so far only,
the provisions of this agreement shall
prevail over and to that extent affect,
modify, change, or abrogate the pro
visions of said agreement of June 25th,
1904.

Second In consideration of the doing
of the things, and of the full and
prompt performance by the association
of all the covenants and agreements
hereinafter contained, which it hereby
agrees that it shall do, perform and ob
serve, and subject to all the conditions,
terms, limitations and obligations here
inafter imposed upon it by the pro
visions of this agreement, the United
States agrees to and will as soon after
the signature of this agreement as may
be practicable, turn over to and vest in
the said association, the care, operation
and maintenance of the irrigation
works known as the Salt River Project,
situated in the counties of Gila, Pinal
and Maricopa, consisting generally of
the Roosevelt dam, the Granite Reef
dam, irrigation canals, laterals and
ditches, and other conduits, gates,
pipes, power plants, power houses,
buildings and other structures of every
kind, transmission, telegraph and tele
phone lines, wires, pumps, machinery,
tools and appliances, and all property
whatsoever kind, real, personal or
mixed, appurtenant to or used, or con
structed or otherwise acquired to be
used, in connection with the said Salt
River Project, wheresoever said prop
erty may be situated, and as well, all
water rights and franchises, and rights
to the storage diversion and use of
water for irrigation or other purposes,
water power, electric power and power
privileges, with such right of posses
sion of all thereof, as shall be neces
sary or convenient for the care, opera
tion and maintenance of said project by
the association, as hereinafter pro
vided. And said association shall from
the time of the taking over of the care,
operation and maintenance of said
project thenceforward have and receive
to its own use and benefit, all the
rents, issues, profits, revenue and in
come, including all income from power
and power privileges growing out of
or arising from the operation and main
tenance of the project and every part
thereof by it.
Third The association agrees to ac
cept the transfer to it of the care,
operation and maintenance of said
project, and that it will care for, oper
ate and maintain the same and every
essential part thereof in full compli
ance with law and the provisions of
this agreement, during all the time it
shall have such charge of the same
under the provisions of this agreement,
in such manner that the same and every
part thereof shall remain in as good
and efficient condition, and of equal
capacity for the storage, development,
diversion and distribution of irrigation
water, and for the service of electric
energy as the same is now, at its own
cost and without cost to the United
States, (provided that said association
shall not be required to maintain the
capacity of the Roosevelt reservoir so
far as that may be diminished natural
ly by the deposit of silt therein by
the Salt River, Tonto Creek and other
tributaries thereto), and provided
further that the association shall not
be required to make any replacements,
renewals or repairs which may be
made necessary by injury to or de
struction of said works or an essential
part thereof by public enemies of the
United States or by the United States
itself as a war measure. That it will
promptly pay all such cost of the care,
operation and maintenance of the proj
ect, as it is incurred. That it will
make no substantial change of any of
said works, without first having ob
tained the consent thereto, to be ex
pressed in writing, of the secretary of
the interior. It may, however, con
struct additional works, at its own cost
and without the necessity of procuring
the assent of the secretary of the interior
provided that such additional works
shall not in any wise impair or dimin
ish the present efficiency or adequacy
of the project for the purposes for
which it has been designed, constructed
and acquired.
Fourth The association shall repay
to the United States the cost of the
construction and acquisition otherwise,
of said project promptly and without
default.
Such cost shall be computed on the
basis of a net balance due the govern
ment on that account on the 1st day of
January, 1917, of $10,279,190.98.
To this there shall be added any sums
expended by the United States, or the
cost of which, it shall have incurred, on
account of the construction, care, oper
ation and maintenance of said project
during the time lapsing between said
1st day of January, 1917, and the date
upon which the association shall take
over the care, operation and mainten
ance thereof, under the provisions of
this agreement. If the expenditures for
operation and maintenance of the irri
gation system shall be greater or less
than the receipts from rentals up to
the time when the project is turned
over to the association, the difference
shall be paid to the United States by
the association in case of a deficit, or
the difference shall be credited on the
first installment in case of a surplus.
Such adjustment to be made December
1, 1917.
The exact amount of the balance of
such construction cost shall be com
puted to the date of the taking over by
the association of the care, operation
and maintenance of said project, and
then stated in writing by the secretary
of the interior to the association, and
the amount so stated shall be deemed
to be the net cost of said project which
the association agrees to pay the United
States.
Such payments shall be made in an
nual installments as follows: ...