THIRTY-THIRD YEAR

200,000 SOLDIERS BATTLE AT PEKING

GOMPERS DENOUNCES LENINE AS BANDIT MERCHANT

Ready To Barter Heritage of People Crushed
[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
CHICAGO, April 13.—Samuel Gompers, president of the American Federation, today issued a statement declaring that recognition by the United States of the bolsheviki tyranny in Russia would be a needless and base betrayal of civilization.
Declaring that American public life was being flooded with propaganda and that "predatory international finance has its appetite up and believes it sees loot in Russia,” he asserted that nothing "would be more fraught with disaster to humanity than American recognition of the bolsheviki power in any form.”
Mr. Gompers denounced Lenine as a "bandit merchant,” ready to "take what he can get in exchange for the heritage of a people rendered helpless by him and his.” A fund of millions of dollars, he asserted, was being used in the United States for bolshevism propaganda out of which "bribes have been offered in places where the American people can ill afford betrayal.”
President Gompers’ statement, in part, follows:
"Developments at Genoa cannot escape the notice of thinking Americans, though the full significance of what is happening there seems to be lost in most of our newspapers.
"A number of persons have asked me whether, in the event that England and other European nations recognize bolsheviki government, the United States should not follow the example? I can think of nothing that would constitute a more needless and base betrayal to civilization than American recognition of the bolsheviki tyranny.
"I think of nothing that would be more fraught with disaster to humanity than American recognition of the bolshevist power in any manner, whether by entering into another economic conference at which America would sit cheek by jowl with soviets, or in any other manner.
"In making these assertions, I am mindful of the amazing propaganda with which American public life is being flooded; I am mindful of the intrigue which is everywhere about us, and above all I am mindful of the newly adopted policy of the American-Anglo-German banking group, which perhaps constitutes the most dangerous element in the whole chain of pro-bolsheviki effort in America because it has its hands on the most power.
"The truth is that predatory international finance has its appetite up,
"I know of nothing more farcical than the attitude of European statesmen and financiers toward the Russian muddle. Essentially it is their purpose, as laid down at Genoa, to place Russia in economic vassalage, and give political recognition in exchange. Recognition in exchange for concessions. They know immediate trade is not to be had, but they know that eventually they can get at the gold, the coal, the oil, the timber, and future products of the soil.
"Russia shops on the bargain counter behind which stands Lenine as a bandit merchant, to take what he can get and what will serve his purpose in exchange for the heritage of a people rendered helpless by him and his. America, let us hope, will continue to stand for Russian economic independence as well as political freedom.”
0
Police State 100
Negroes Injured
In K.C. Explosion
[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 1.
A call was received at the general hospital here early this morning for all available ambulances, following the report of an explosion at Independence boulevard and Harrison street. A call was also sent in for the fire department. First reports were that a house had been blown into the middle of the street. This district is populated largely by negroes.
Police estimated that more than 100 negroes were in the building at the time of the explosion and said that only two had escaped injury. Fire destroyed the two-story brick building after the explosion.
The negroes were asleep in the building, which was used as a boarding house at the time of the explosion. There were two explosions, witnesses said, one immediately following the other.
Hundreds Killed
In Bucharest
Mine Explosion
BUCHAREST, Rumania, April 30—(By the Associated Press)—Upward of 400 persons were killed today in a mine explosion in the Lupeni district of Transylvania. The bodies of 100 victims were completely carbonized while those of others were blown to pieces.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN
AN INDEPENDENT PROGRESSIVE JOURNAL

HEAD OF WAR FINANCE
BOARD FINDS MARKED
IMPROVEMENT IN WEST

[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
WASHINGTON, April 30.—Legislation to provide six permanent remedies for defects in the agricultural credit system of the country was recommended to President Harding today by Eugene Meyer, Jr., managing director of the War Finance corporation, in a report based upon his recent survey of conditions in the West.
Pending enactment of the proposed legislation and the erection of required machinery for its administration, Mr. Meyer recommended that the period during which the corporation might make loans be extended to January 1, 1933.
Mr. Meyer reported that on his western trip, undertaken at the suggestion of the President, he found marked improvement, and that "everywhere hope and confidence are taking the place of the despair which six months ago was so widely prevalent.”
As remedial measures he recommended:
Enactment of legislation specifically authorizing the organization of institutions to rediscount the paper of livestock loan companies, and the establishment of a system for the more adequate supervision and inspection of the livestock which furnishes security for the paper.
“Frank recognition of the need for the orderly marketing of agricultural products in a more gradual way over a longer period, and the adjustment of existing banking laws and regulations with this end in view.
"Establishment of a rediscount facility to make it possible at all times for co-operative marketing organizations to obtain adequate funds for their operations.
"Extension of the powers of the federal reserve banks to include the purchase in the open market of eligible paper secured by non-perishable agricultural commodities, properly warehoused.
"Encouragement of state nonmember banks to enter the federal reserve system and reduction of the minimum capital required for admission to the system, admission in such cases to be conditioned upon an undertaking to increase the capital to the present minimum of $25,000 within a definite time.
"Amendment of the national banking act to permit a limited amount of branch banking within a limited radius of the parent institution.”
Pending the provision of these improvements to the national credit machinery, Mr. Meyer suggested extension until January 1, 1923, of the period during which the War Finance corporation may make loans to (1) co-operative marketing organizations and livestock loan companies, where it appears that they are unable to obtain adequate financing at reasonable rates through other channels; and (2) to banking institutions on agricultural and livestock papers in exceptional cases and where it appears that the public interest will be served by such action.
In certain parts of the West, Mr. Meyer reported, the need for land mortgage money was not being adequately met by the federal farm loan system, because of the limitation preventing a land bank from loaning more than $10,000 to any one borrower. He already had suggested, he said, the formation of a joint stock land bank authorized to make loans up to a minimum of from $37,500 to $50,000 in Montana, Idaho, Colorado and other states to meet this situation.

[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
LOS ANGELES, April 30.—One hundred and fifty members of the band of men who raided a residence at Inglewood, a suburb, a week ago last night, thus precipitating a grand jury investigation of the activities of the Ku Klux Klan in Los Angeles county will surrender in a body to the district attorney next Wednesday, it was declared to newspaper men here tonight by W. S. Coburn, grand goblin of the Klan for its Pacific domain.
Plans for this move, according to Coburn, were laid Friday night at a meeting in Inglewood. Fifty-six residents of that city attended, 30 being businessmen and not more than 15 members of the Ku Klux Klan, Coburn said.
They endorsed N. A. Baker, kleagle or organizer for the Klan in this section and alleged leader of the raiders, and L. L. Bryson, constable at Huntington Park, another suburb, who also has been mentioned as having figured in the raid.
They further pledged themselves, Coburn continued, to round up the entire band, estimated at 150, and that all of them then would march in a body to the office of Thomas Lee Woolwine, district attorney in Los Angeles and surrender. "They expect to be prosecuted," said Coburn, "but they do not believe they have done any wrong."
"There was no mob," declared Bryson in a statement issued today. "A picked body of citizens was called upon by sworn officers of the law to aid them in securing evidence against the operators of a most iniquitous outlaw bootleg factory and blind tiger."
W. C. Doran, chief deputy district attorney, said he had no comment to make regarding the proposed surrender.
"We shall proceed with the investigation," he said.
A description of events which preceded the raid in which one man was killed, was made public by Coburn.
The description was contained in a copy of a statement which Coburn said had been made to District Attorney Woolwine by Baker.
According to this document, Baker admitted he had arranged the raid with Constable M. B. Mosher, who lost his life, and several citizens of Ingleside, the section nearest the winery.
The night before the raid, a meeting was held at which several men were initiated into the Ku Klux Klan. Afterward, the statement continued, the meeting was "thrown open to the public," and citizens were asked to cooperate with Baker and Mosher in securing evidence that the proprietors of the winery were engaged in illegal liquor traffic. Denial was made that the Ku Klux Klan as an organization had anything to do with the affair.
In the statement Baker said he was an advertising and newspaper man and was a native of Colorado who had lived in Los Angeles for two years.
o
Billings Newspaper
Goes Open Shop As
Typos Reject Terms
BILLINGS, Mont., April 30.—Because of inability to agree on a wage scale by conciliation and the refusal of the local Typographical Union to arbitrate the matter, the Billings Gazette will announce Monday morning the paper’s entire plant, with the exception of the stereotypers department, will be operated on the "open shop” plan. The stereotypers' contract runs until December 1, while that of the Typographical union expired today. A complete crew has been enlisted and no trouble is anticipated in getting out the six editions of the paper daily, according to the Gazette’s announcement

PHOENIX, ARIZONA, MONDAY MORNING, MAY 1, 1922.

BRYAN URGES
PRESIDENT TO
TAKE PART IN
GENOA MEET
Commoner Declares United
States Should Advise
With Europe On Rehab*
ilitation of the World
[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
LINCOLN, Neb., April 30—In a letter to President Harding, which he made public here tonight, William Jennings Bryan, urged that a representative of the United States be sent to the Genoa conference, not necessarily to bind this country to the conclusions of that conference, but to advise with the nations of Europe in an effort to bring about the rehabilitation of the world.
Mr. Bryan wrote the president, it was a "national and international calamity” that the United States did not enter the negotiations, the responsibility for which, he says, rests “about equally with the Republicans and Democrats.”
"But the mistakes of the past," he adds, "should not prevent wiser action in the present and future."
He quotes from the speech of Lloyd George at Genoa in which the British prime minister deplored the absence of the United States at the conference and adds "he (Lloyd George) is dealing with a very trying situation and he needs the help of the United States. It would not hurt us to have a representative there if he went empowered to advise only and with the understanding that our nation is not bound by any conclusions reached, except as our people acting through Congress and the president or at a referendum, may expressly approve.
"Failure of the United States to enter the league of nations was a national and international calamity; the responsibility for which was divided between the refusal of Republicans to ratify the covenant without reservations and the refusal of the Democrats to ratify the treaty with reservations. The covenant was so much more important than the reservations that it was unspeakable folly for either side to subordinate the idea of international co-operation to the minor details about which they differed.
"But a mistake in the past should not prevent wiser action in the present and future. It matters little whether it is called a league of nations or an association of nations or anything else. Our nation should use its influence to secure world peace.
"Mr. President, your sense of responsibility to God must soon compel you to propose an appeal to the estranged nations to forget the past and begin the work of friendly cooperation in the upbuilding of Europe. You made a splendid beginning in calling the arms conference, but what will it will avail if Europe is to become again a slaughterhouse?
"You are a man of prayer, Mr. President—you are the first president to include the Lord's Prayer in a public address: I beg you to ask for guidance in this world crisis. 'Who knoweth whether thou art not come to the kingdom for such a time as this?'
"With assurance of respect, I am, my dear Mr. President,
"Yours very truly,
"WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN."
Mr. Bryan left late today for Kansas City.
OKLAHOMAN
FOUND BOUND AND
GAGGED IN DITCH
[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
LAWTON, Okla., April 30.—Rev. Thomas Irwin, pastor of the first Presbyterian church here who, several days ago, was ordered tried by his presbytery on charges of conduct unbecoming a minister, was found bound and gagged lying in a ditch near the Medicine Park gate, 12 miles east of here, by a party of motorists early today.
The minister was in a semi-conscious condition and said he believed he had been chloroformed by three men who attacked him while he was walking down the street here at about 8 o'clock last night.
The pastor, who became involved with one faction of his church, which is seeking his removal over marrying a couple in a public bathing pool, exhibiting motion pictures in his church and preaching the funeral sermon at Ardmore over Jake L. Hamon, who was fatally wounded by Clara Smith Hamon more than a year ago, announced several months ago that certain persons were attempting to drive him out of town.
At the home of Senator J. E. Thomas, where the Rev. Irwin was taken for first aid, the minister said that he was on his way to the home of a member of his congregation here last night at about 8 o’clock when he was stopped by three men whom he did not recognize.
A moment later, he said, he felt a blow on the head and when he regained his senses he found himself securely tied and gagged with the three men in an automobile which was in motion. One of the men was sitting on him, he said.
During the ride, he said, he heard
(Continued on Page Two)

Miners’ Leaders Await Trial

West Virginia union miners’ leaders and their families waiting to answer indictments in court at Charles Town, W. Va. Left to right: Frank Snyder, editor of a labor publication and his wife; Frank Keeney, president of District 17, United Mine Workers of America, his wife and son, Belmont; Isaac Scott and Mrs. Scott; Fred Mooney, secretary-treasurer. District 17, U. M. W. A., with Mrs. Mooney.

Pope Sends Letter to
World Powers Seeking
Pacification of Russia

[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
GENOA, April 30.—Pope Pius, through Cardinal Gasparri, has addressed to the governments and peoples of the world a letter which is described as a new spur to universal brotherhood and a new admonition of disasters likely to befall mankind if efforts for true pacification should fail. This act by the Holy See has created great interest and has seemed already to inspire all to renewed efforts to make the Genoa conference of lasting good to the world.
Commenting today, Premier Lloyd George said:
"I cannot say how pleased I am at this remarkable document, nor could I exaggerate the terms in which it is couched. The pope speaks with first-hand knowledge of conditions in Eastern Europe, and I feel that so clear and definite a pronouncement by the Holy See in favor of peace with Russia is a great encouragement to the Christian powers assembled at Genoa."
The ideals of the pope are being preached here by Don Luigi Sturzo, leader of the Italian Catholic party.
Officially, the economic conference saw little activity today. The jurists who are striving to compose the differing views of France and Great Britain on the question of the settlement of the Russian war debts met this afternoon and made considerable progress. Their report will be submitted to the conference, as also will the plan to dispose of the vexing problem of private property in Russia which was confiscated by the soviet government and nationalized.
France wants it restored, if it can be located, but Great Britain will be content with enjoying the use of it.
The jurists appear to have discovered some formula which, according to rumor, mentions neither nationalization nor ownership of private property nor in any way to offend the soviet followers of nationalism or the supporters of capitalism in other countries.
LONDON, April 30.—The pope’s letter, as sent by the correspondent of the Morning Post in Genoa, speaks of the sufferings of the populations of Eastern Europe, who, he says, will benefit in a special degree by the advent of a new era of humanity—populations who are torn by internecine struggles, famine and disease, although their country holds many springs of wealth.
"To these populations," says the letter, "although divided from our communion by an ancient misfortune, we, like our predecessor, address our message of compassion and comfort, and at the same time the ardent desire of our paternal heart to see them rejoice with us in the same gifts of union and peace which result from joint participation in the sacred mysteries."
Two Dead And Over
20 Injured In New
York Tenement Fire
NEW YORK, April 30.—Trapped in a smoke-filled hallway in a fire that later destroyed a four-story tenement in Richmond Hill, an aged woman, and a child were burned to death tonight.
Many other members of the 30 families in the building were injured. More than a dozen firemen were hurt as they scaled fire escapes to rescue women and children and aged men from perilous positions on window ledges.
More than 20 injured, most of whom were children, were taken to hospitals.
MEXICO WELCOMES
FOREIGNERS
MEXICO CITY, April 30—(By the Associated Press)— In an address last night to a group of American and European business men who were visiting him at Chapultepec Castle, President Obregon declared that Mexico welcomed with open arms all foreign capital and was disposed to give all guarantees so long as foreigners acted within the law.

Water Continues
To Spread Along
Lower Mississippi
[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
NEW ORLEANS, April 30—While water flowing through the three crevices in the lower Mississippi river continued to spread today, the fight to prevent other breaks in the levees was carried on ceaselessly. Low stretches of the embankments were raised to meet higher river stages than any yet recorded. Church services were dispensed with in many instances, pastors leading their flocks to the levees.
Hundreds spent the day in searching the flooded area for marooned families and removing them. The number being cared for in hastily improvised refugee camps, established by the Red Cross, was augmented by the arrival of other destitute and hungry refugees who had been marooned for several days.
So far as could be determined tonight, there was no alleviation of the serious situation growing out of the depletion of food supplies at a number of the refugee camps, especially at Harrisonburg, La., where 1,300 persons were reported yesterday to be practically without food and in the Black river districts.

NOGALES MECCA OF
VISITORS FROM ALL
SECTIONS OF STATE
[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
NOGALES, April 30.—Nogales today entertained one of the largest crowds of out-of-town visitors in its history. Fully 2,000 people came to this border city from Phoenix, Tucson and other points, attracted by a bull-fight held in Plaza Reforma in Nogales, Sonora, opposite here, in honor of delegates to the United States Good Roads and Bankhead National Highway associations conventions, concluded at Phoenix Friday. A program given by the Nogales post of the American Legion in honor of Tucson legionnaires also attracted many Tucson people to this city.
All Saturday afternoon, last night, and this morning motor cars were pouring into Nogales on all highways leading to the border. The majority of visitors arrived at noon today on the good roads motorcade from Phoenix and the legion motorcade from Tucson.
Both motorcades were met by a reception committee of 300 Nogales people at the ancient Tumacacori mission, 19 miles north of Nogales, where an address of welcome was delivered by Superior Court Judge W. A. O'Connor and the visitors serenaded by the Twenty-fifth infantry band from Camp Stephen D. Little, after which the entire crowd motored into Nogales.
The bull-fight this afternoon was attended by the largest crowd ever gathered at the Nogales, Sonora, bullpen. A special train left here at 5:30 o'clock this afternoon for a point six miles below the border, where a great barbecue was held in honor of visiting legionnaires. Many of the visitors left for home tonight, though a majority of them will remain over until tomorrow morning. The Nogales Bearcats baseball team defeated the Tucson legion team this afternoon by a score of 14 to 3.

12 PAGES

U. S. ASKS
WASHINGTON FOR WARSHIP AT TIEN TSING
Rival Factions Shelling Wide Area In Fight
For Control Of Capital; American Naval
Attache Observes 1000 Dead Or Wounded
On Battlefield; Martial Law Declared
[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
PEKING, April 30.—Commander Charles T. Hutchins, American naval attache at the legation here, returned today from the battlefield. The automobile he used flew the American flag.
He reported that firing had not ceased during this last 36 hours. From a hillside overlooking the Hun river he witnessed the operations of both armies, with Chang Tso-Lin’s troops holding the village of Changsintien and the Wu Pei-Fu forces two miles southward fighting desperately to advance.
Smoke from the cannon enveloped the hillsides; shells were bursting in the trenches; camels were to be seen transporting guns to various points and refugees were observed running from their homes. A vivid picture of the seriousness of the struggle was obtained.
About 1,000 dead or wounded were observed by Commander Hutchins.
Both sides appeared to be shelling wide areas. The relative position of the contending forces did not seem to have changed materially since the battle began.
The opinion expressed by Commander Hutchins is that Wu Pei-Fu's object is to push forward and capture Peking, with a view to controlling affairs from the capital.
Chang Tso-Lin, in a declaration, asserted that Wu Pei-Fu was ambitious to become a Chinese Napoleon. He declared that peace would not be possible until Wu Pei-Fu was captured and banished like Napoleon. When Wu Pei-Fu was captured Chang Tso-Lin said he was willing to resign and assist in abolishing the Chinese system of military dictators.
Martial law was declared in Peking today.
The armies of General Chang Tso-Lin and General Wu Pei-Fu fought continuously Sunday. The fighting centered around Changsintien, 12 miles distant. A government communique says Chang Tso-Lin was victorious in the fighting at Machang. It is claimed in the communication that Gen. Wu Pei-Fu lost several hundred men killed, wounded or made prisoners. It is added that Chang Tso-Lin also suffered casualties.

SUN JOINS
HONG KONG, April 30—Dr. Sun Yat-Sen, head of the South China government at Canton, in an interview today at Canton, declared that he had combined with Gen. Chang Tso-Lin against Gen. Wu Pei-Fu. Dr. Sun added that he would start shortly for north China.
BOMBS FALL NEAR TRAIN
LONDON, May 1.—(By the Associated Press)—An airplane used by the Chi Li forces flying from Paotingfu to Fengtai, dropped a bomb but without much damage, near a train bearing a detachment of American marines to Peking, says a dispatch to the London Times from Peking.

o
Last Of Waiskas
Indians Dies At
Sault Ste. Marie
SAULT STE. MARIE, Mich., April 30.—Peter Waiska, the last of the Waiskas, proudest branch of the Chippewa tribe, is dead.
Waiska, who was 78, carried with him to his grave the pride of race that made his forefathers outstanding among the various Indian bands native to the Great Lakes district. His death was caused by exposure to the cold, an element at which he scoffed in former years.
The Waiskas inhabited the region now known as Bay Mills and the Waiska river and bay district in Chippewa county when the first white missionaries pushed their way into the wilderness. The tribe, with its centuries old pride, looked with disfavor upon the white man, who came and cleared the lands, then broke them with the plow. Peter Waiska, until the last maintained the same feeling of hostility, as befitted the final survivor of his race. His friends say his melancholy increased year by year as he saw the forest dwindle and disappear and the face of the land change from a wilderness to a manufacturing and farming district.
At four o'clock on the morning in his last day of life Peter walked alone far into the country until he reached the forest. He sat beneath a tree and meditated upon the fate that had befallen his people. The cold finally overcame him and he sank into a slumber from which he did not awaken.
Peter Waiska, born an Indian, died an Indian and an Indian at heart until the last, except what he had adopted the white man’s religion, went to his last resting place not in the forests through which he had roamed throughout his life, in a man's cemetery. A simple cross marks the grave.
il
Oil Worker Severely
Beaten By Masked
Mob Sunday Morning
[Republican A. P. Leased Wire]
LOS ANGELES, April 30.—M. P. Byrnes, an oil worker, was dragged and beaten today by a band of several masked men about four miles east of East Bakersfield, according to a special dispatch to the Los Angeles Examiner.
Byrnes was dragged from his automobile, beaten and warned to leave Kern county and never return, it was said. He was found roaming about the street dazed several hours later.
The Kern county authorities began an inquiry to ascertain whether there is any connection between this affair and grand jury investigation of Ku Klux Klan activities now in progress at Bakersfield.

LOVE AND
ADVENTURE
In a Rocky Mountain setting, a handsome youth who seeks redemption and a pretty girl who helps him find it. There, you have an outline of
THE
WHITE
DESERT
By Courtney Ryley Cooper
The thrilling novel which will appear in 12 daily installments
STARTING
TUESDAY
MAY 2
in the
ARIZONA REPUBLICAN

VOL. XXXIII, NO. 4