PAGE EIGHT

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 17, 1914

REAL ESTATE

NEW TOWNSITE NAMED GILBERT

Murphy & Irvin Will Place Improved Modern Townsite of Gilbert on the Market at Once Believe the Location Ideal

Seven miles southeast of the growing city of Mesa, in the heart of an agricultural community that is noted for its wealth and productivity, there is a station upon the Arizona Eastern railway known as Gilbert. Already there are four stores, a postoffice, a splendid school house, and a branch of the Pacific creamery there as the nucleus of a new town. It is to be known as Gilbert, and shortly there will be a new townsite opening there.

The Gilbert property has been purchased by Weldon Irvin and H. G. Murphy, the young realty operators who were so uniformly successful with the Bella Vista Place tract near to Phoenix, and will be placed on the market and promoted in a manner similar to the methods that are in vogue among the gilt edge townsite promoters of the country. It is a step along an advanced line for the young operators to take, but none doubt their ability to "put it over."

There are lots of things in store for Gilbert in the near future that will assist in making the place one of the growing communities of the southwest. A bank is going in there in a very short time, and a splendid hotel to cost $25,000 will be erected there within the next few months. The plans for the townsite contemplate a series of cement sidewalks, graded streets, bordered walks and shade trees. There is no question but that shade trees will grow, as the land is among the most fertile in the valley. The present Gilbert station is the nearest one to the mining district in the eastern end of the county, and in consequence the side tracks at Gilbert are always filled with cars being either loaded or unloaded.

The young promoters believe there is a future for that section of the valley and are willing to tie to it. This is the reason for their action in placing the Gilbert townsite on the market.

UPBUILDING OF MESA

STANDARD OIL

TO BUILD HERE

Will Spend $125,000 on State Agent's Plant on Yuma Road Modern Office Building Thirty-five Men on Pay Roll

Lots Disposed of in One Day Houses Going Up

Best Strawberries, three boxes for 25c Monday. McKee's. (Adv) bp

The Home of Three
Great Institutions
Scottsdale, a new town, surrounded by orange groves, and with hundreds of acres now being planted out to fruit. What will this mean to you, when olives must be cured, lemons and oranges picked, and apricots and peaches canned? Will you own property in this prosperous town?
Why Not You?
The "Writers' Club" have commenced operations; the Ingleside Country Club is here; and yet another syndicate is busy adding acre upon acre to already 1,000 acres planted in deciduous and citrus fruits. Soil around Scottsdale is pronounced by experts to be the most fertile in the world. What are you going to do about it?
Get in, in the start, in Scottsdale the heart of the greatest fruit raising district in the Salt River Valley.
Now's The Time To Buy

The Standard Oil company will shortly begin the erecting of a $125,000 state agency plant and offices south of Oakland addition to the city at the Yuma road and the Santa Fe tracks. At this place upon property that has already been purchased a two-story office building will be erected of pressed brick, and back of this a warehouse, with trackage facilities, will be built. The warehouse will be 80 feet wide by 150 feet long.

Under the new arrangement of the Standard Oil company the offices at Los Angeles are to be abandoned, and thereafter the state of Arizona will be served and managed from the Phoenix office as far as the great Standard Oil company is concerned. Beginning June 1 next all the Arizona accounts will be handled from the Phoenix office as a starter, and shortly after that all the case goods of the company will be handled from the Phoenix office. The Standard Oil already maintains a number of offices and agencies in Arizona, but the establishment of a permanent state agency here is being looked forward to with a great deal of pleasure by many. There will be a steady payroll for thirty-five men at the warehouse and storeroom. The name of the man who is to be the state agent has not yet been announced. The present local agent for the company is O. W. Stewart, a well known man about town.
o

$10 down and $10 a month
Arizona Investment
& Land Co.
129-131 N. First Ave. Phoenix

Arizona Inv. &. Land Co.,
Gentlemen:
Please forward me further information regarding Scottsdale.
Address
Name
A

The upbuilding of Oakland addition, which has been so successfully handled by the firm of Greene & Griffin, seems to have taken a spasmodic spurt since the rush that came just before the prices of lots were increased. New houses are going up and there is a general activity that bespeaks only the brightest future for this Mecca of home builders. The increase in prices of lots in Oakland became effective last Friday. The last hours of grace were marked by a rush such as never before has been equaled in the history of the firm of Greene & Griffin.

The offices were kept open until 9 o'clock Friday evening, yet they were crowded when the real estate men announced that the sale had ended. Forty lots were sold during the last day.

News that will be pleasing to those who have purchased Oakland property was given before the key in the Greene & Griffin office was closed Friday. It was announced at that time that at least ten of those who had purchased lots in the last few weeks will build before fall. Greene & Griffin also have plans for a number of additional residences which will be reared before the autumn leaves begin to flutter. Greene & Griffin's residences are of the bungalow type. Several of this architecture have already been completed by this firm.

The Greene & Griffin bungalows have many features which are always paramount in the mind of the homeseeker. Among these are heavy foundations, cement porch and steps, large living and dining rooms with built-in features, extra large bedrooms, hallway, modern bathroom, and combination screen sleeping room.

On Lot No. 16, Block 4, John R. Hampton proposes to erect another of those home-like bungalows, others are in contemplation. The pergola entrances have added much to the beauty of this residence tract. In the north part of the subdivision cement work is now under way for numerous improvements. All-in-all, Oakland is one of the busiest places in the southwest, for homes are going up, and while they are being reared, many others who have purchased lots in this tract are making plans for the "kingdoms all their own," which they will have constructed in Oakland.
o
BELLA VISTA TRACT

No Dark Streets
Keep that in mind when buying a lot. Street lighting is confined to the city.
OAKLAND-
THIS RESIDENTIAL PARK, two blocks north of the Capitol, is a city addition. Its big lots, 60x145, have all city conveniences.
NO WAITING
Until the town builds out to you It's there now. No paying for street sprinkling, and cleaning or garbage removal. Your savings will buy the other fellow's lot.
CEMENT CURBS, WALKS AND PERGOLA ENTRANCES
$50 Down and $15 Per Month. Price, $500 to $700
GREENE & GRIFFIN
Phone 709 127 N. Center St.

Gangs at Work Completing Improvements on Natty Subdivision.

BUY THIS

Here is a real bargain. Must sell this full half-acre lot in order to close a partnership. Priced at $300 less than present value. A small cash payment will handle. Is on N. Second near Culver. Will be choicest residence section of city. One block to car, two blocks to Central Ave. Improvements ready to go in will add $200 to value. This is a quick money-maker and will be sold this week. Address Owner, care Republican.

There are a few lots remaining to be disposed of in Bella Vista tract, north of the city, which will be held for a few days at the regular market rate, after which it is likely there will be a raise in the rate of purchase. It is not, however, thought there will be any need to raise the rate, as the demand for property in that section has been such as to leave little doubt of its popularity. Work is being rapidly pushed on the improvements and they are being rushed to completion. All last week the men were busily engaged in this task, and the addition will show the effect of the beautifying work when the task is completed.

The natty little Spanish style entrances on Central avenue that span the walks entering the addition from the main thoroughfare loom up well enough to cause a lot of questions to be asked. This is a part of their function until the addition shall have been built up completely, when their sole function will be to increase the looks of the place and provide cozy nooks for couples to sit in and enjoy in the moonlight.
o
LOS OLIVOS HEIGHTS
IS NEARLY SOLD OUT

ROAD BETWEEN IRON
SPRINGS AND PRESCOTT

Will Be Fixed in Good Shape
Shortly for Summer Travel

James S. Griffin is one of Phoenix's original "stay-at-home" boosters. He is also a good roads enthusiast, trying to combine the two, believing that good roads in Arizona is an important factor so that motorists may travel freely from warm to cool places in the summer season. Last week while Mr. Griffin was in Prescott he spent some time upon the road situation between Prescott and Iron Springs, inasmuch as every indication shows that the Iron Springs colony will be larger than ever this summer. The road from Iron Springs to Prescott is of considerable concern.

Mr. Griffin took this matter up with the Yavapai county board of supervisors and the Prescott people readily saw the advantage of a good motor road between the Phoenix colony at Iron Springs and their town. The following letter was received yesterday from Mr. Griffin, which indicates that the Phoenix people should take their machines to Iron Springs this summer:

"Prescott, Ariz., May 15, 1914.
"Mr. Jas. Griffin,
"Phoenix, Arizona.
"Dear Jim: Accompanied by our road superintendent I motored to Iron Springs yesterday.
"We will start a small crew of men there, within a few days to make some minor repairs. Enough work will be done to make this road a pleasant drive from Iron Springs to Prescott.
"If in a position so to do, will build a good road there next year.
"Yours truly,
"(Signed) H. W. HEAP."

All have easy access to Prescott and from there, of course, will get the benefit of many splendid roads throughout the northern part of the state, including some famous spots about Flagstaff and Williams. The "stay-at-home" crusade is now one that has taken thorough root in the Salt River valley.
o
JEALOUSY, THE PLAY
MAKES ROUNDS OF TOWNS

as physical happiness. He mirrors the life of those whose aim is money, whose relaxation is feasting and flirtation. He is a fatalistic misogynist and his work is the lineal descendant of Tolstoy's "Kreutzer Sonata." "Jealousy" will be best indicated by the quotation of some of the opinions voiced in the play

In woman first of all it is necessary to awaken curiosity.
Women do not value those who pray to them.
Woman of course likes admiration but only gives herself to the man who despises her a little.
Woman is only interesting, vivacious, clever, when she is bathed in the atmosphere of love.
Man is interested in his business, in sport, in thought, but woman is only interested in herself, and if she seems to have interest in other things it is only feigned. Her sole object is to make herself more attractive, more interesting.
We seek Lauras and Beatrices, not knowing that such creatures are only the incarnation of male fancy, and do not and cannot exist.
Girls are charming, but when you marry one you find her to be a tedious "baba" like the rest. At the piano they tinkle "I am a princess. I am a princess." All young girls are princesses, but you never come across a queen."
A woman lies in a way that a man would not wish to lie, and indeed cannot lie. She lies with her whole being. When a man deceives

Advertising Campaign Brings Great Results to J. W. Stacy.

By reason of the advertising campaign that has been conducted recently in the Arizona Republican by J. W. Stacy in behalf of Los Olivos Heights, the project has met with all sorts of success and the past three days have seen eighteen lots disposed of in this addition. This is another of the nearly gone additions to the city.

The record for sales for the past three days has been 5, 6 and 7 in that order. The proposition that this addition has no interest and no taxes tacked on to the purchase price is attractive to a large number of purchasers of home sites.

Wonderful Run of New Drama Dealing With Woman
LONDON, May 16. One play has gone the round of every little town in Russia this winter; it has filled every little theater and has been discussed in every newspaper and in every home of the new middle-class Russian people. In many theaters each person has been handed a pencil and a slip of paper that he may record his opinion about the action of the chief woman character in the play. It is Artsibashef's "Jealousy (Revnost)" now issued in the Moscow magazine "Zemlya." Artsibashef has become "par excellence" the voice of the Russian bourgeois, or lower intelligentsia, and his works sell in Russia as those of no other author. He concerns himself almost entirely with sexual problems and the relation of woman to man. His outlook in life is something like that of Bernard Shaw, but his criterion in life is not racial progress so much as physical happiness. He mirrors the life of those whose aim is money, whose relaxation is feasting and flirtation. He is a fatalistic misogynist and his work is the lineal descendant of Tolstoy's "Kreutzer Sonata." "Jealousy" will be best indicated by the quotation of some of the opinions voiced in the play.

In woman first of all it is necessary to awaken curiosity.
Women do not value those who pray to them.
Woman of course likes admiration but only gives herself to the man who despises her a little.
Woman is only interesting, vivacious, clever, when she is bathed in the atmosphere of love.
Man is interested in his business, in sport, in thought, but woman is only interested in herself, and if she seems to have interest in other things it is only feigned. Her sole object is to make herself more alluring, more interesting.

We seek Lauras and Beatrices, not knowing that such creatures are only the incarnation of male fancy, and do not and cannot exist.
Girls are charming, but when you marry one you find her to be a tedious "baba" like the rest. At the piano they tinkle "I am a princess. I am a princess." All young girls are princesses, but you never come across a queen."

A woman lies in a way that a man would not wish to lie, and indeed cannot lie. She lies with her whole being. When a man deceives he grows cool and in that betrays himself. But a woman returns from another man's love specially languorous, caressing and tender. Sensual sin must surely set her soul ablaze. Even the most sinful man is ashamed of deceit, and that prevents him from lying effectively. A woman quite sincerely reckons she has a right to deceive. She thinks that to deceive not only does not humiliate her, on the contrary, makes her more interesting.

The action of the drama shows two women, one who may be dismissed as an outcast, the other is a flirt who loves her husband best of all. The latter coquettes in various ways with an officer, a student, and a savage Caucasian prince. She leads them on to the last limit of propriety, and evidently ends her sole zest in life in the vanity of having lovers always expecting rendezvous and secret kisses.

The only words on behalf of woman come from an old fellow who has been three times married and deceived and made foolish by three women in turn. He says:
Woman is a magnificent delicate instrument on which each can play all that he can and will. Of course put some Beethoven at the piano and he will find a wonderful sonata; but put some giftless strummer there and he rattles out a vulgar polka. We are just such giftless fools and swear at the instrument because it produces no music. No, friends, you are wrong; woman is sensitive, hospitable, tender, poetic, God gave us woman as an adornment of our lives we ourselves have spoiled her and complain.

The play "Jealousy" is a sort of public trial of woman, and when at the end the crazy husband of the woman who flirted but loved him best strangles her, it is a sort of verdict and execution in one.

Such a play needs on the stage many women and various kinds of men who need from women the things that woman can give faith, love, children. For setting or for evidence it needs the world. The powers of life and death must stalk across the stage. The stakes for which men bid must be there also.

Beautiful Japanese
Girl Kills Herself
(Special to The Republican.)
MILAN, May 16. A beautiful Japanese girl named Okame Aoki, aged 18, and belonging to an acrobatic troupe from Tokio, has shot herself dead at Genoa.
While appearing at Berlin, she is said to have fallen deeply in love with a young Japanese artist, who lately ceased to correspond with her. After two frustrated attempts at suicide she took advantage of the temporary absence of her brother to force open a large trunk containing a revolver.
Subsequently the girl was found lying in bed shot through the heart, with the photographs of her mother and lover on her breast, and their last letters in her hand.

No Risk of Future
Disappointment
If You Build
Your Home

In effect on prospective buyers, hence the

Los Olivos Heights is a very attractively situated place north of the city and east of Central avenue. Just in that section of the city that is more attractive because of the better street car service and the city conveniences that abound there. This is believed to have had the right ef-

he Los Olivos Heights is a very attractively situated place north of the city and east of Central avenue. Just in that section of the city that is more attractive because of the better street car service and the city conveniences that abound there. This is believed to have had the right ef-

For the generous size of the lots, the character of the neighborhood, and restrictions combine to guarantee that

LOS OLIVOS

Will always be a suburb of the highest class. Country comforts and city advantages are offered only by LOS OLIVOS
LOS OLIVOS, Re-subdivided, between Buena Avenue (Indian School Car Line) and Seventh Street, offers lots 100 by 300 for $1000. Improvements include cement walks and curbs, electricity, city water, etc. Liberal terms. Generous assistance given to home-builders.
Dwight B. Heard
Real Estate and Loans
Central Avenue and Adams