THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 1902.

When beggars cease to ask you for alms it is time for you to change your tailor.

JOINT NOTICE OF PUBLICATION.
(H. E. No. 237 and H. K. No. 234C.)
Department of the Interior, Land Office at Tucson, Arizona, Jan. 20, 1902.
Notice is hereby given that the following-named settlers have filed notice of their intention to make final proof in support of their claims, and that said proofs will be made before the Clerk of the District Court at Phoenix, Arizona, on Saturday, March 1, 1902, viz: Lonnie J. Mitchell, of Buckeye, Arizona, for the SW¼, NE¼ Sec. 3, T 1 S, R 3 W, G. & S. R. R. & M., who names the following witnesses to prove his continuous residence upon and cultivation of said land, viz: Ralph O. Robinson, Thomas N. Clanton, Edmond H. Spain and Herbert E. Kell, all of Buckeye, Arizona; and Ralph G. Robinson, of Buckeye, Arizona, for the SE¼, Sec 4, T 1 S, R 3 W, G. & S. R. R. & M., who names the following witnesses to prove his continuous residence upon and cultivation of said land, viz: Thomas N. Clanton, Lonnie J. Mitchell, Edmond H. Spain and Herbert E. Kell, all of Buckeye, Arizona.

MILTON R. MOORE.
Register.
First publication January 22, 1902.

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF THE AMERICAN DISTRICT TELEGRAPH COMPANY.

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That we, whose hands are hereunto affixed, do hereby associate ourselves together for the purpose of forming a corporation under the laws of the Territory of Arizona, and to that end make the following statement:

FIRST. The names of the incorporators are H. D. Bennett, G. R. Johnston, Frank Jaynes, F. H. Lamb, and Henry Bostwick; and the name of the corporation shall be American District Telegraph Company. The principal place in which the business of said corporation within the Territory of Arizona is to be transacted is Phoenix, Maricopa County, Arizona, and the principal place of business of said corporation outside the Territory of Arizona shall be the City of San Francisco in the State of California, at which meetings of the Board of Directors may be held; and the corporation may have such branch offices either within or without the Territory of Arizona as may be established by the Board of Directors.

SECOND. The general nature of the business proposed to be transacted by this corporation is as follows, to-wit: Constructing, maintaining, leasing and operating lines of telegraph for the private use of individuals, firms, corporations, municipal or otherwise, for general business, and for signal, police and fire-alarms, or messenger business, and for the transaction in connection therewith of a general messenger and delivery service; also establishing, maintaining, leasing and operating in different towns and cities within the Territory of Arizona and within any of the States or Territories of the United States, and in foreign countries, local systems of district telegraph, telephone and electrical service, such as now exist in large cities; and in all towns and cities situated near the borders of any State or Territory in which it shall operate, extending said service into adjoining States, Territories or foreign countries.

In the maintenance of such service, said company may establish a system of electrical call-boxes, which, in connection with telephones, telegraph and other instruments and appliances, shall provide calls and signals for messages, messengers, police, fire, patrol, and other purposes; and may operate a system of watchman's signals, and employ and furnish watchmen for any and all purposes.

It may maintain a messenger service for the collection, receipt, storage, delivery, and distribution of messages, packages, merchandise, freight, advertising matter, and any other property entrusted to it for any of said purposes; and may engage generally in the business of a common carrier of freight and passengers.

It may engage in the business of generating and supplying electricity for any and all purposes, and may manufacture, buy, sell, and erect supplies, appliances, and equipment for fire protection and any and all other purposes, and engage in a general electrical construction business.

It may also act as distributors, advertisers and general agents for handling the business and collecting and remitting funds in connection therewith, of corporations, firms, or individuals. It may engage in the business of furnishing stationery and advertising matter, devices and novelties of any and all kinds.

It may also engage in such electrical, mechanical, mercantile, manufacturing and transit business as may be requisite or incident to carrying on all the business and operations above described. It may do a general real-estate, manufacturing and mercantile business; own, handle and control letters patent and inventions and shares of capital stock of other corporations; may borrow money and execute notes, bonds, mortgages, or deeds of trust to secure the same, and exercise in respect of all such bonds, mortgages, notes, shares of capital stock, and other securities and obligations, any and all rights, powers and privileges of individual owners thereof, including the right to vote upon any shares of stock held by it to the same extent that a natural person might or could do; and in general may do all things necessary to the proper conduct of the business of this corporation in the Territory and elsewhere, not inconsistent with the laws of the United States and the Territory of Arizona.

THIRD. The authorized amount of capital stock of this corporation shall be three hundred thousand dollars ($300,000.00), divided into three thousand (3,000) shares of the par value of one hundred dollars ($100.00) each. At such time as the Board of Directors may by resolution direct, said capital stock shall be paid into this corporation either in cash or by the sale and transfer to it of real or personal property for the uses and purposes of said corporation, in payment for which shares of capital stock of this corporation may be issued, and the capital stock so issued shall thereupon and thereby become and be fully paid up and non-assessable, and in the absence of actual fraud in the transaction the judgment of the Directors as to the value of the property purchased shall be conclusive.

FOURTH. The time of the commencement of this corporation shall be the date of the filing of these Articles of Incorporation in the office of the Secretary of Arizona, and the termination thereof shall be twenty-five years thereafter.

FIFTH. The affairs of this corporation shall be conducted by a Board of five Directors, and the following named shall constitute the Board of Directors until their successors are elected: H. D. Bennett, G. R. Johnston, Frank Jaynes, F. H. Lamb and Henry Bostwick. Thereafter the Board of Directors shall be elected from among the stockholders as the By-Laws of the corporation provide.

SIXTH. The highest amount of indebtedness or liability, direct or contingent, to which this corporation is at any time subject shall be thirty thousand dollars ($30,000.00).

SEVENTH. The private property of the stockholders of this corporation shall be exempt from corporate debt of any kind whatsoever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 20th day of October, 1901.

H. D. BENNETT. (Seal.)
G. R. JOHNSTON. (Seal.)
FRANK JAYNES. (Seal.)
H. BOSTWICK. (Seal.)
F. H. LAMB. (Seal.)

State of Ohio, Franklin County, ss.
On this 20th day of October, in the year 1901, before me, David B. Sharp, a Notary Public in and for the State and County aforesaid, residing therein, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared H. D. Bennett and G. R. Johnston, known to me to be the persons described in, whose names are subscribed to, and who executed the annexed instrument, and they acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes and considerations therein expressed.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal, at my office in the said State and County, the day and year last above written.

(Seal.) DAVID B. SHARP.
Notary Public
Franklin Co., O.
My commission expires Feb. 20, 1903.

State of California, County of San Francisco, ss.
On this 4th day of December, in the year 1901, before me, James L. King, a Notary Public in and for the State and County aforesaid, residing therein, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared Frank Jaynes, H. Bostwick and F. H. Lamb, known to me to be the persons described in, whose names are subscribed to, and who executed the annexed instrument, and they acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes and considerations therein expressed.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal, at my office in the said State and County, the day and year last above written.

(Seal.) JAMES L. KING.
Notary Public.
My commission expires September 20, 1902.

First publication Jan. 18.

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF THE HIGHLAND WATER COMPANY.

We, whose names are hereunto subscribed, desiring to incorporate ourselves under the provisions of the laws of the Territory of Arizona for the purpose of engaging in the transaction of the business herein mentioned, do make, sign, and acknowledge, according to law, these Articles of Incorporation.

ARTICLE I.
The names of the incorporators of this corporation are Elijah Coffin, Wm. Christy and William E. Pomeroy.

ARTICLE II.
The name assumed by this corporation and by which it shall be known is HIGHLAND WATER COMPANY, and its principal place of transacting business is and shall be in the City of Phoenix, in Maricopa County, Arizona Territory. Said corporation may transact business and have an office at Mesa City, in said County and Territory, and at such other place or places as its Board of Directors may deem convenient or advisable. The time of the commencement of this corporation shall be on the 27th day of November, 1901, and the termination thereof shall be on the 27th day of November, 1921, unless the same shall be renewed as provided by law.

ARTICLE III.
The general nature of the business proposed to be transacted by this corporation is that of constructing or owning by purchase or otherwise, and maintaining and operating, dams, canals, and ditches, and appropriating any of the unappropriated waters of the Salt River, for the purpose of delivering the same for irrigation or other beneficial uses to persons owning stock or water rights in its said canals. Said corporation shall have power and authority to sell to persons water rights in the canals which it shall hereafter own or construct for such amount of water as it may appropriate of the unappropriated water of said Salt River. Said corporation shall have power and authority to acquire by purchase or otherwise water heretofore appropriated for irrigation; also to buy and sell water and the use thereof; also to locate, or in any other lawful manner, acquire real estate and sell and dispose of the same in such manner as such corporation may deem advisable and also any and all other kinds of property, real, personal or mixed, including stock of other corporations.

It may also own, control, manage and operate all kinds of machinery to be driven or operated by water power. It shall be authorized to borrow money and contract to repay the same at such time or times, and at such rate of interest as its Board of Directors may deem proper. And it shall have the right to hypothecate, mortgage or pledge all or any part of its property which it now owns or may hereafter acquire, to secure the payment of any money or moneys borrowed or owed by it, as its said Board of Directors may deem advisable.

ARTICLE IV.
The amount of the capital stock of this corporation shall be fifty thousand dollars ($50,000.00), divided into five hundred (500) shares of the par value of one hundred dollars ($100.00) per share. Said capital stock shall be paid for upon making subscription therefor, either in cash or in property or in both, as the Board of Directors may from time to time deem advisable, and no stock shall be issued until the same shall have been fully paid either in money or in property, and the same when so issued shall be non-assessable thereafter.

ARTICLE V.
The highest amount of indebtedness or liability to which this corporation shall at any time subject itself or be subjected is the sum of thirty-five thousand dollars ($35,000.00).

ARTICLE VI.
The stockholders of this corporation and their private property shall be exempt from the corporate debts of the corporation.

ARTICLE VII.
The affairs of this corporation shall be conducted by a Board of Directors consisting of not less than three nor more than seven stockholders, who shall be elected annually by the stockholders, on the 2d Monday in October of each year. Said Directors shall hold their office for the term of one year from the date of their election and until their successors shall be duly elected and qualified, unless they shall in the meantime cease to be stockholders in this corporation; and any person ceasing to be a stockholder in this corporation shall cease to be a Director or officer in the same. The following named persons who are subscribers to the capital stock of this corporation shall constitute the officers and directors of this corporation until the 2d Monday in October, 1902, and until their successors shall have been duly elected or appointed, and qualified:

Elijah Coffin, President and Director;
Wm. Christy, Vice-President, Treasurer and Director;
William E. Pomeroy, Secretary and Director.

Vacancies in the Board of Directors shall be filled by the remaining members of the Board for the unexpired term for which such persons were elected. A majority of the Board of Directors of this corporation shall be a quorum, and any meeting of the Board at which a quorum is present shall be deemed a regular meeting and have the same authority as a full Board, whether notice of the meeting shall have first been given to the absent members of the Board or not.

ARTICLE VIII.
The officers of this corporation shall be a president, vice-president, secretary and treasurer, who shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at their first annual meeting in each year, from among their number. The secretary and treasurer or vice-president and treasurer may be one and the same person. The president shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation, and shall have the general management of all its affairs, subject to the approval of the Board of Directors. All certificates of stock, contracts, water rights, deeds, and conveyances shall be signed in the corporate name by the President, or in his absence, by the Vice-President, and be countersigned by the Secretary, and have affixed thereto the corporate seal. The Board of Directors shall have power to appoint such agents to aid in the management of its business and in conducting the affairs of the corporation, as it may deem advisable, and to vest in said agents such powers as they deem expedient.

ARTICLE IX.
The Board of Directors of this corporation shall have power to establish by-laws and make all rules and regulations deemed expedient for the management of the affairs of this corporation and the officers thereof, not inconsistent with the Constitution and Laws of the United States or the Laws of Arizona.

ARTICLE X.
These Articles of Incorporation may be amended at any regular meeting of the stockholders, or at any special meeting called for that purpose by a majority vote of the stock represented at such meeting; and when such articles are so amended, such amendment or amendments shall be acknowledged and signed by the President and attested by the Secretary, and have thereto affixed the corporate seal, and shall have the same effect as though signed and acknowledged by all the stockholders of the corporation.

In Witness Whereof, We have hereunto set our hands this 27th day of November, 1901.

ELIJAH COFFIN.
WM. CHRISTY.
WILLIAM E. POMEROY.

Territory of Arizona, County of Maricopa, ss.
Before me, C. K. Ainsworth, a Notary Public in and for Maricopa County, Arizona, on this day personally appeared Elijah Coffin, Wm. Christy and William E. Pomeroy, to me known, and known to me to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.

Given under my hand and seal of office this 27th day of November, 1901.

(Seal.) C. K. AINSWORTH.
Notary Public.
My commission expires the 22d day of Nov., 1902.

Territory of Arizona, County of Maricopa. I. B. F. McFall, County Recorder in and for the County and Territory aforesaid, do hereby certify that the within instrument was filed for record at 10:01 o'clock a. m. on this 26th day of December, 1901, and duly recorded in Book No. 8 of Incorporation records of Maricopa County, Arizona, at pages 503 to 507, inclusive.

Witness my hand and official seal the day and year above written.

(Seal.) B. F. McFALL.
County Recorder.
By A. F. Althick, Deputy.

First publication Jan. 18.

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF THE MINERAL CREEK COPPER COMPANY, LIMITED.

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That we, whose names are hereto subscribed, for the purpose of transacting the business hereinafter set forth, do hereby associate ourselves as and into a body corporate under the provisions of Chapter 12, Title 12, of the Revised Statutes of the Territory of Arizona, and do hereby certify:

ARTICLE I.
That the names of the incorporators are Charles O. Laybourn, Geo. Merchant, Arthur W. Force and William H. Dawson.

ARTICLE II.
That the name of the Corporation is MINERAL CREEK COPPER COMPANY, LIMITED, and that the principal place of business shall be in Phoenix, Arizona, and it shall have a branch office at Minneapolis and at such other places in such other states and territories as shall in the judgment of the Board of Directors seem necessary for the proper conduct of its business.

ARTICLE III.
That the object of this Corporation, and the business to be transacted by it, is the locating and purchasing or leasing of mines and mineral lands, and opening, equipping, operating, leasing, selling or otherwise disposing of such mines and lands. It shall have the power to construct tunnels, sink shafts, locate mill sites, construct and establish mill buildings, install machinery; own and operate stamp mills, and machinery used in the business of mining; acquire, build, maintain, operate and dispose of pipe lines for conveying and conducting water and other fluids; to acquire, hold, enjoy and dispose of rights of way for the purpose thereof and for other purposes; build roads and bridges and otherwise connect their holdings with navigable streams or with roads and other highways.

It shall also have the power to purchase or exchange mining or other corporate stocks; to borrow or loan money on reliable security; to purchase, sell and deal in sureties, bonds and stocks of every description; and generally to acquire, manage, hold and improve and dispose of real and personal property, and do such other things as may be necessary for the full and complete execution of the purposes set forth above, and for the exercise of the powers and transaction of the business of the corporation, including mining, manufacturing and road building, for which we have hereby associated ourselves; and to do any and all things necessary to carry on the aforesaid business and to connect it with the commerce of the world.

ARTICLE IV.
That the amount of the capital stock of this corporation shall be one million five hundred thousand ($1,500,000) dollars, divided into one million five hundred thousand (1,500,000) shares, of one dollar ($1.00) each, which when issued shall be fully paid and forever non-assessable, of which eight hundred thousand (800,000) shares shall be set apart and known as treasury stock, and shall not be voted while held as such, but when sold and entered upon the books of the Corporation, and cash, stock or other property received for same, then the shares so sold shall have the same voting power that each and every other share has.

ARTICLE V.
That this corporation shall begin business on the date of filing of these Articles of Incorporation with the County Recorder in and for Maricopa County, Territory of Arizona, and a certified copy of same with the Secretary of said Territory, and shall terminate at the expiration of twenty-five years thereafter.

ARTICLE VI.
That the management and conduct of the business of this corporation shall be by a Board of Directors of not less than three nor more than eleven, who shall each be a stockholder. That the officers of this corporation shall be a president, a vice-president, a secretary, a treasurer and an attorney, all of whom shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders in each year beginning with December 1901, notice of said meeting to be mailed to each stockholder by the secretary not less than two weeks before the holding of the same. The above named officers shall not be members of the Board of Directors, which board shall also be elected at the said annual meeting of stockholders. There shall also be elected at each annual meeting an auditing committee consisting of three to hold office. There shall be a superintendent of property who shall be appointed by the Board of Directors.

The first annual meeting of this corporation shall be held on the third Tuesday in December, 1901, and until such annual election the following named persons shall be the officers and directors: Charles O. Laybourn, President and Director; Marvin Quackenbush, Vice-President and Director; A. Dawson, Secretary and Director; A. W. Force, Treasurer and Director; E. L. Smith, Attorney and Director; K. Murphy, Director; W. R. Hodge, Director; Geo. Merchant, Director; J. W. Ayres, Director; E. I. Nelson, Director; J. F. Arthur, Director.

ARTICLE VII.
That the highest amount of indebtedness of this corporation shall not exceed Ten Thousand Dollars, and no contract shall be made for the expenditure of over Five Hundred Dollars without a vote of a majority of the Board of Directors in favor of such expenditure.

ARTICLE VIII.
That the private property of each and every stockholder of this corporation shall be exempt from all corporate debts.

ARTICLE IX.
That these articles may be altered or amended by a two-thirds vote of all stock issued, at any regular meeting or at a special meeting called for that purpose after giving at least twenty days notice of the same, said notice stating the purpose for which said special meeting is being called by mailing to each stockholder a letter to his last known address. The Board of Directors may adopt such by-laws as in its judgment may be necessary and proper for the government of the corporation, and its officers, and may alter or amend the same from time to time as such alterations and amendments seem to them necessary.

In Witness Whereof we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 7th day of January, 1901.

CHAS. C. LAYBOURN. (Seal.)
ARTHUR W. FORCE. (Seal.)
GEO. MERCHANT. (Seal.)
W. H. DAWSON. (Seal.)

Subscribed in the presence of
RICHARD TATTERSFIELD.
O. H. VINCENT ROYCE.

State of Minnesota, County of Hennepin, ss.
Before me, RICHARD TATTERSFIELD, a Notary Public in and for the above named county and state, on this day personally appeared Charles C. Laybourn, Arthur W. Force, Geo. Merchant and W. H. Dawson, known to me to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.

Given under my hand and seal of office this 7th day of January, 1901.

(Notarial Seal.)
RICHARD TATTERSFIELD,
Notary Public.
Hennepin County, Minn.
My commission expires September 20, 1906.

First publication Jan. 13.

POPULAR WANTS

All advertisements running for less time than one month must be paid in advance.

FOR RENT
FOUR KITCHENS in the Anderson block, one store room, all the second floor and basement of the building. Situated at the northwest corner of Washington and First streets. For full information apply to L. E. Hewins, No. 416 East Adams street, Phoenix.

FOR RENT Two-story new house with baths, 311 South First avenue.

FOR RENT Fine two-story brick house, seven rooms; all conveniences; nice yard; in best residence part of the City. Will rent reasonable to responsible party; no invalids. Address this office.

ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT Handsomely furnished rooms, modern conveniences, reasonable. Apply at Alamo, Monroe street between Center and First.

CAPITAL HOTEL Newly furnished rooms, also furnished rooms for housekeeping.

TWO neat furnished rooms for rent, $1 per week. Inquire of Wm. Limbrock, 214 E. Washington St.

FOR RENT Elegantly furnished rooms. The Arcade, 22 S. Center St. Free baths in connection. Furniture new. No sick people taken.

HOTEL IRVING, 530 West Washington street. Newly furnished rooms; reasonable. Telephone 277.

NICE sunny rooms for housekeeping. 38 N. Third Ave.

FOR RENT Two nice sunny, furnished housekeeping rooms. 332 N. Fifth St.

THE LELAND Adam's street, opposite Hotel Adams. Rooms $2.50 to $4.00 per week. Invalids, room and board, $10 to $12 per week.

PRIVATE BOARDING
LIVING IN pleasant country home; few boarders. First-class living, near meat market. La Yetta, ranch, northeast of Indian School.

BOARDING'S WANTED in nice country home. Knudsen Fruit Stand, Pasture Valley building.

COUNTY HOME Persons desiring first-class rooms and board can find name at Panajot's ranch on Grand avenue, 1½ miles from city. Mail delivered every night from city. Free transportation to and from city daily.

Telephone 2321.

SITUATIONS WANTED
WANTED Position as bookkeeper or office work; permanent resident of city, like reference. Address Employment Office, Room 100, Montgomery Building, Phoenix, 17 years of age, wants position; first and healthy and not afraid of work. Address Box 15, The Republican.

WANTED Position in private family as first-class cook or as housekeeper. Address Y. W., Republican office.

WANTED Expert bookkeeper wants a position; permanent resident of city, like reference. Address this office.

HELP WANTED
WANTED A lady companion for light housekeeping. I reasonable rates. Address Box 17, Arizona Republican.

WANTED Lady sent for traveling position. Salary and expenses. Wharton House, room 1.

WANTED A girl to wait at table, English kitchen. North First street.

WANTED Girl for chamber work; also smart, healthy boy about 16 years old. Address "Home," care The Republican office.

FOR SALE
FOR SALE or trade, a buggy horse. 511 West Washington street.

FOR SALE A sound, young driving mare, good roadster, perfectly safe. 118 East Monroe.

FOR SALE Hardy plants for sale by J. W. Kalfus. 101 North Fifth avenue, Phoenix.

GOOD PAVING business for sale. Compelled to move east cause of sale. Room 1, Montgomery Building.

FOR SALE A piano at a great sacrifice. 414 North Sixth avenue.

FOR SALE Two good work or driving mares. Finest or double, and any other horses and ponies at a bargain. 537 South First street. T. H. Cannon, phone 214.

FOR SALE Sound cottonwood; stove size; $1.00 per cord delivered. K. Triscott & Co.

FOR SALE One Prairie State incubator, good as new, $30.00. Also brooders. See J. Webster Johnson, two miles south of Tempe.

FRUIT TREES for sale now at corner Fourth Ave. and Jefferson. A Hope peppers, carnations, pansies, etc.

FOR SALE Holstein milk cow, also calf. Hidden Wing Ranch, McDowell road, telephone 3731.

FOR SALE Well matched span of fine driving horses. Inquire of J. C. Watson, Pinal Keye Canal office.

GREAT DANE PUPS for sale. Inquire of Walter Lund, Glendale.

FOR SALE First-class saloon property in one of Yavapai county's best mining camps. Reason for sale: death of owner. For particulars address W. J. Frescult, Prescott.

REAL ESTATE
FOR RENT Furnished house and rooms.

FOR RENT Vacant house.

FOR SALE Orange lands.

FOR SALE Ten-acre ranches and upwards. FOR SALE Vacant lots in most desirable parts of the city.

FOR SALE Homes on easy terms.

MONEY to loan at low rates of interest. Insurance placed in reliable companies. Conveyancing done accurately. Anything and everything in the real estate line.

J. ERNEST WALKER,
No. 16 South Second Avenue. Office phone 11. Residence phone 3031.

FOR SALE The best alfalfa ranch under the Tempe canal with 1,000 inches of water. Improvements cost price $100 per acre. Terms reasonable. L. E. Pascoe.

FOR SALE or exchange. Two lots in North Capitol addition for Phoenix or California property. 422 North Fifth avenue.

FOR SALE Lease of ranch with 20 acres of alfalfa, fifteen minutes from Phoenix postoffice. House of five rooms; plenty of shade trees; good orchard of apricots, peaches, apples, pears and figs. Incubator house, chicken yard with coops, and 225 laying hens. Less than $400 required. Address F., Republican office.

CHICKEN LOT. Menett addition, for sale at high price. Owner, P. O. box 1235.

FOR SALE OR RENT The Lorris lodging house after February 1st. Apply to C. H. Dorris.

FOR SALE The Kiroy's New Palestine Cottage: one of the coziest cottage homes in Phoenix; lovely large grounds, shade trees, alfalfa, roses, gravel walks, etc., a truly typical home. Apply on the premises, 611 S. First ave.

FOR SALE Cheap located lot in our line, with two tent houses. Inquire Weirick & Lutham, 47 N. Central St.

FOR SALE Poultry farm fully equipped. This place has yielded returns at the rate of 5 per cent per month on investment for the last seven months. Box 396, Phoenix, Arizona.

BICYCLE TIRES, best and cheapest, 9 S. First Ave.

FOR SALE Lot of fine frame chicken coops. Call on or address No. 45 West Washington St., Coil's saloon.

LOST AND FOUND
LOST In or about the 28th of Dec., 1901, a seal-skin cape. Owner can have same by proving property and paying for ad. Address F. L. Taylor, box 741, city.

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS
WANTED Experienced card reader, tells past, present and future; ladies, 5 cents; gentlemen, 50 cents. Buchanan street, corner of Third street.

WANTED Two good waited positions or horses. Address "A. K.," Box 51, Arizona Republican.

WANTED One or two hair barber shop, state location and price. Box 60, Arizona Republican.

WANTED To buy strawberry plants. Address K. K. Leech, Irwindale, Los Angeles county, Cal.

AUCTIONEER Hammond now ready for all sale engagements at the usual place. 15 South First avenue.

CLOTHING or delicacies for the poor and sick can be left at the rooms of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, corner of Monroe and Central Ave. They will be carefully distributed. Those in need please call.

WANTED A family driving horse; must be gentle, a good traveler and stylish. State age, price and where can be seen. Address "A.," Republican office.

PROFESSIONAL
ASSAYER AND METALLURGIST.
J. Q. A. KINO, Assayer and Metallurgist, All kinds of laboratory tests for best reduction method. Office and laboratory, 18 N. Second Ave., Phoenix, Arizona.

VETERINARY SURGEON.
DR. HOWARD RAMSAY. Veterinary Surgeon and Dentist. Graduate Ontario Veterinary College. Office, corner First avenue and Monroe street, Ambrose Corral, Phoenix, Arizona. Telephone 3313.

ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
J. W. CHENSHAW, Attorney-at-Law, Phoenix, Ariz., office 110 Fleming Building.

F. O. RICHMOND, M. D. C. Phoenix, Arizona. Veterinary Surgeon and Dentist; diseases of all domestic animals scientifically treated. Office, 35 North Center street. Residence 537 West Van Buren street. Phone 1001. No charge for consultation. Agent for the Horse Review.

NOTARY PUBLIC.
E. K. PASCOE. Notary Public, conveying in specializing. Acknowledgments taken. 1 North Center street, opposite Hotel Adams.

EXPERT ACCOUNTANT.
J. HENRY WOOD. Expert Accountant, Tel. 731, Phoenix, Ariz. Books of account audited and systematized; mining and other investments investigated; also acts as incorporator and agent for Arizona corporations. Formerly Savings Bank Auditor, Buffalo, N. Y., Treasurer and Manager Cobre Grande Copper Co., Golden Wave Mining Co., etc., etc.

OSTEOPATH.
DRS. ANNA E. SKITTLE, D. O. Room 1, Maniliff Building, Cur. Ypsilanti, Mich. and N. 1st Ave.; graduate of the College of Osteopathy, Kirksville, Mo.

MUSIC.
MISS WELCH IS PLANNING A NEW departure in music for Phoenix, a kindergarten to teach music to beginners. In the east it has become the popular method for starting small children in music. Those wishing the work explained please send in a request, as the number will be limited and several have spoken for places. Miss Welch also has the agency for as fine a piano as is made at almost half price. Studio, 127 N. Fourth Ave.

PROF. MICHAEL FOUNTAIN has arrived from the Boston Conservatory of Music. He has studied under the celebrated and great Eugene Ortenner, the greatest teacher in America, if not in the world. Prof. Fountain's studio is over the Home Savings Bank on North Center street. Nicholson building, room No. 7. Prepared to give lessons on all instruments. Specialty mandolin and violin. Special prices to children.

PRIVATE HOME FOR LADIES in confinement. Best of physicians in attendance. Homes found for children. 727 ½ W. 16th Ave., Los Angeles, Cal.

MISS TROWBRIDGE, TEACHER OF water-color and oil painting. Studio 401 Fleming Block. Class hours, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4. No classes Tuesday or Friday. Pictures on sale. Visitors always welcome.

SELF CONTAINED HOT WATER HEATERS and pump repairing. 617 South Seventh avenue.

Southern Pacific Co.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Commencing January 24, 1902, trains will leave Maricopa as follows:
3:00 A. M. DAILY NEW ORLEANS express for Tucson, Benson, Deming, El Paso, San Antonio, Houston, New Orleans. Connecting at New Orleans for Cincinnati and Chicago; also for Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York and Boston.

1:00 P. M. DAILY MIXED TRAIN for Casa Grande and way stations.

4:00 P. M. DAILY MIXED TRAIN for Tucson and way stations.

9:10 P. M. DAILY PACIFIC EXPRESS for Los Angeles, Fresno, Sacramento and San Francisco. Connecting at Sacramento and San Francisco for points in Oregon, Nevada and Utah.

T. H. GOODMAN.
Gen. Pass. Agent.

PATRAN'S PLACE The oldest in the city. Has always enjoyed the best standing with domestic tradesmen, buys everything at spot cash price and gives the best 25 cent meal. Private rooms for families. Tickets, $4.50. Single meals, 25 cents.

TUCK, HINCK & CO.
22-24 E. Wash. St., East of Jacobs

News and Opinions
OF
National Importance

THE SUN
ALSO
CONTAINS BOTH
Daily by mail
Daily and Sunday, by mail
$6 a cir
$5 a cir

The Sunday Sun
the greatest Sunday Newspaper in the world.

If you desire a copy, pay mail, $2 a year.
Address, THE SUN, New York.

PROTECT
YOURSELF
This is especially essential to your welfare while traveling.

If contemplating a trip East do not overlook the fact that by taking the Santa Fe you will be doing yourself a favor by having avoided needless changes, lay-overs and exposures.

Our Harvey House and Dining Car System is second to none. Try it.

Travel via the only line operating its own trains from Phoenix and the Pacific Coast to Chicago.

Through train leaves Phoenix 5:00 a. m. daily time.

For rates, Pullman space, etc., call on or address
L. H. LANDIS,
General Agent.

THE HOFFMAN
IN
EL
3
The building is cool, the Beer is from cold storage and in
ANHEUSER-BUSCH.
In
75-cent, 50-cent, 25-cent and 10-cent glasses.
The Palace
PI
HISSENFLUX & PERKINS
Proprietors
Imported and Domestic Wines, Liquors and Cigars
Phoenix, Arizona
Cigar
Store
and
Liquor
Houses
14-16 W. Washington
Street
W. THODE,
Proprietor