THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: MONDAY MORNING, AUGUST 21, 1899.

CHARLES B. BOOTHE & CO.
MINING AND MILLING MACHINERY

RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.

Mines and Mining

ENGLAND GULCH.
Location of the Ledge Which Has Furnished Much Placer Gold.
A few miles south of Prescott lies a gulch known as England gulch, which is tributary to Granite Creek, says the Courier, and down which at all seasons of the year courses a small stream of clear and cold water, fed by small springs extending from high up on the head of the gulch down. In the early days a good deal of large nugget gold was taken from this gulch, always by panning or the rocker process, as there was not sufficient water for other placer mining methods. In all the years from the settlement of Prescott down to the present time there has not been a week but what at least a few men were working over the gravel and sands of this little gulch, or gouging in the cracks of the bedrock for gold. Such work even now is rewarded by the occasional finding of as pretty gold nuggets of high-grade gold as the sun ever shone upon. In many cases, this gold so found has been attached to small pieces of quartz and in fact all the gold found showed that it had come from the decomposed quartz of a ledge somewhere at the head of this gulch. Much prospecting has been done to find the ledge. In the early eighties, the writer found a very handsome gold quartz specimen at the head of the gulch on the Torihide, but being no miner, and having no means to mine a quartz ledge, made no attempt to sink on the nearby ledge. Later on Philip Richerson of Prescott located a ledge near that place and has done considerable development work, with an encouraging showing. For some time past a placer miner has been at work in the gulch, and finally worked his way well to the head of the gulch and found some pay dirt high up on the side hill, away from water. He had been packing the dirt to the first spring at the head of the gulch and rocking it with good results. Recently, as he was shoveling up the gravel on the side hill he exposed a narrow streak of white quartz which was fairly bespangled with free gold. Being a practical miner he immediately located the ledge and commenced to sink. He has now sunk ten feet on a well-defined vein, which has changed from a white quartz to a dark-colored quartz, but the ore is still full of gold. He is now preparing to put up an arastra in the vicinity of the mine to work the ore.

A NEW IDEA.
Suggestions on the Cheap Working of a Small Quartz Mine.
W. H. Williscraft of Juniper furnishes the following suggestions in the Journal-Miner on quartz mining. Arastras and stamp batteries can be run successfully with windmills. Fuel is very expensive in many places, and a high velocity of wind prevails about three-fourths of the time. For large plants, twenty-five to fifty stamps, large windmills can be erected on the hills, where they will get the full force of the wind, then either run an electric dynamo and store sufficient electricity to run the machinery when the wind does not blow, or run air compressors and have storage tanks. By this system windmills and air compressors power can be generated and transmitted for 5 percent of the cost of steam power, and it is better adapted to this line of industry, especially for running hoists and machine drills.

A good sixteen-foot power mill will run a two-stamp battery, 600-pound stamps, and pump the water. A good practical plant for the prospectors is a five-stamp battery with stamps of 600 pounds each, amalgamating plates, battery feeder, a six-foot concentrator, a water tank, force pump and pipes of proper size. The pump can be placed in a well 500 feet distant from the mill, if desired, and a rope run from the windmill to the pump to drive it. A twenty-foot windmill erected on a strong wood tower the shafting can be placed in the tower and the battery set about twelve or fifteen feet distant. Any kind of a roof or shade that will keep out the sun and rain will do. With such a mill ore can be worked by the free gold amalgamating and concentrating process at an expense not exceeding $1 per ton. In our mining district there are thousands of tons of ore and waste on old abandoned claims, a large percentage of which will yield by this process from $3 to $9 per ton and upwards. Erect windmills and small batteries and work these old dumps. They are nearly all free gold ore, and a concentrator will not be necessary.

MINING NOTES.
The New York correspondent of the Boston Herald says: "Superintendent Balbach of the Maricopa Copper Company, arrived from Clifton, Ariz., today, August 2, to arrange for the erection of a smelter this fall. He states that the district is livelier than it has been for years. Many good mines are being developed by eastern companies, and its product of copper, he predicts, will soon astonish the mining world. Work is proceeding satisfactorily on several of the claims of the Maricopa, in each of which a large volume of rich copper and gold ore is exposed.

The Detroit Copper Company has called for bids for the construction of a narrow gauge railroad from Guthrie to Morenci and beyond to their new concentrating works, which the Clifton Era says is to be the largest concentrator in the United States. The road will be eighteen miles in length and contracts will call for its completion by January 1, 1900.

Silver Belt.
The Gladiator mine which was sold recently under judgment on foreclosure of laborers' liens, has been purchased by T. G. Norris. The mine is considered a good one and is well opened up and is equipped with a stamp mill. Journal-Miner.

Alton- L. Dickerman, mining expert for the Standard Oil interests, spent several days here the past week. He was looking over mining property known as the Black Canyon and the Black Horse propositions which John Burke and associates have bonded. Photographs to the number of sixty were made. Commencing at the United Verde and east to Black Canyon exposures were made of every tunnel of any size between the two points. These are to be sent to the office in New York. Jerome Reporter.

Cinnabar with hematite is found in a vein in rhyolite near Copper Basin, thirteen miles from Prescott, Arizona. The miners' union caught one of our business men eavesdropping last Monday night. The members say the party was in Knight Parker's yard and alongside the smokestack of the shop fires. It is more creditable to be a horse thief than a spy. Globe Times.

This 1,800-pound copper casting was made at the A. C. Co.'s plant under the supervision of foreman Thomas Wathey. It is a bridge for use in the new reverberatory furnace, a fine piece of work and the first of the kind turned out here. Copper Era (Clifton).

On Monday, C. W. Maxon, superintendent of the Sunny Side mine, shipped eight cars of lead ore from the mine to Paso for treatment, says the Copper Era of Clifton. This is the largest shipment of such kind ever made from Clifton at one time. The ore is high grade and a snug sum will be the result of this shipment. The Sunny Side is owned by Messrs. Leopold Balbach, R. H. Bachelor and Thomas A. Lee, of New York, and is located about four miles north of Metcalf on the divide between Chase Creek and Eagle Creek.

The Copper Era is informed that arrangements are being made by the A. C. Co. with D. M. Potter for an additional water supply. Mr. Potter owns a valuable water right above the present head of the A. C. Co.'s line, and above the mineral spring that impregnates the water now used in Clifton. The water from above the springs would be much better for boilers, as it is purer than that now in use. It is said that the fall of the river is about twenty-six feet to the mill and as it is three miles to Mr. Potter's dam that would be a fall of seventy-eight feet to Clifton.

HOW IS YOUR WIFE?
Has she lost her beauty? If so, constipation, indigestion, sick headache are the principal causes. Karl's Clover Root Tea has cured these ills for half a century. Price 25 cents and 50 cents. Money refunded if results are not satisfactory. Dr. G. H. Keefer, Druggist.

WHERE DICE COME FROM
Are Made in France, and Millions Are Consumed Annually.
The bone dice used in the United States are all imported from France, though it may be that the bone of which they are made came originally from this country. They are made in a manufacturing district not far from Paris in which are produced various articles of bone, as, for instance, toothbrushes. Bone dice are made in eleven sizes, from 0 to 10, inclusive, and in each of these sizes they are made both square and round cornered, as are all other kinds of dice. In all kinds of dice there are sold of the square cornered variety ten times, perhaps twenty times, as many as of those made with rounded corners. Round cornered dice are often used in playing backgammon; they wear a board less than the square cornered dice would and roll easier. There are made some black bone dice, with white spots, but the sale of these is comparatively limited. The great majority of the very large number of bone dice sold are in the form of the familiar white cubes with black spots.

Celluloid dice, which are made in this country, are of both opaque and transparent material. The transparent dice are made in saffron color, in magenta and in green; the opaque in imitation of ivory. The imitation ivory dice are finished in various ways as to the color of the spots, some being made with black spots and some with spots of blue and some with red spots. The spots on the various transparent dice are made white. These various kinds of celluloid dice are made in seven sizes.

There are made in celluloid two styles of poker dice, one octahedron shaped and containing on its eight faces representations of the seven, eight, nine, ten, jack, queen, king and ace of ordinary playing cards; the other poker dice is cube shaped, containing on its faces, instead of the spots, numbering from one to six, as seen on common dice, representations of the ordinary playing cards from the nine spot to the ace inclusive.

Dice are made in various sizes of vegetable ivory, of ivory and of pearl; the most costly dice are those of pearl, a set of five of medium size would cost at retail about $7.50. Some of the bone dice are very cheap, dice of small size selling at retail for a cent apiece, or ten cents a dozen.

A considerable number of dice of one kind and another are sold for use in the household. All cabinets made to hold cards and counters and so on have a counterpart for dice, which are part of the equipment, and many dice for such use are sold separately.

Take it altogether, the consumption of dice in this country amounts to millions annually. New York Sun.

NOT A CURE FOR OPIUM.
Professor Lloyd has Been Investigating the New Drug.
Several weeks ago it was announced by a Texas journal, which made some pretense to scientific knowledge, that a new drug had been discovered that afforded a cure for the opium habit. It was alleged that the plant from which the drug was derived was named "husa," and that its essence was the most diffusible stimulant known. It was said to act as a sedative, but not as a narcotic. The story was told in such a convincing way that some of the Northern medical papers reprinted it.

It now appears that Professor John Uri Lloyd, of Cincinnati has been investigating the subject. He sought from the manufacturer of the commercial preparation both specimens of the plant and samples of the stuff the Texan was selling. No amount of persuasion served to secure any "husa" leaves. But the compound which was said to be made from them was examined carefully, and all its ingredients were easily identified. There was a good deal of water, a little glycerine, some alcohol, a considerable amount of salicylic acid, and from 1.3 to 2.2 percent of morphine. It thus appears that the "husa" is a fraud, and the man who has foisted the story about it on an unsuspecting public might also be mistaken for one on a dark night. New York Tribune.

TELL YOUR SISTER
A beautiful complexion is an impossibility without good pure blood, the sort that only exists in connection with good digestion, a healthy liver and bowels. Karl's Clover Root Tea acts directly on the bowels, liver and kidneys, keeping them in perfect health. Price 25 cents and 50 cents. Dr. G. H. Keefer, Druggist.

THE LINCOLN HOUSE
Public Funds to Preserve a Historic Structure.
A short paragraph in the recently passed sundry civil appropriation bill providing $3,833.50 "for repairs to house No. 516 Tenth street northwest, in the District of Columbia," is one of the acts of the celebrated "war congress" which will be chronicled by the historian's pen in words of pathos, and will inspire a glow of warmth in the ever-increasing number of Americans who revere the name of Abraham Lincoln. Situated at this number in Tenth street, opposite the old Ford theatre, is the house in which Lincoln died. The tragic shot was fired a few minutes past 10 o'clock on the night of April 14, 1865. Almost immediately thereafter Mr. Lincoln was carried across the street to this house, in which he died at 22 minutes past 7 o'clock the following morning.

The house is an old-fashioned brick structure, having been built in 1849, and has been sadly neglected in the matter of repairs, until at present its very foundations are unsafe and every part of the building needs attention. It was not until two years ago that the government recognized the fitting propriety of securing this house, where the last hours of the martyred president were spent, and preserving it as a memorial to future generations, and at that time the title was transferred to the United States from Louis Schade for a consideration of $30,000. The chief engineer was ordered at once to make an examination of the premises and estimate for such repairs as were necessary. The present appropriation is based on this estimate. The foundations, roof, windows and doors will be repaired, and steam heating apparatus installed. All this will be done without altering, to any appreciable extent, the appearance of the house, which it is desired to preserve as nearly as possible as it was when given its sad historical significance. The inception of the movement to have the government acquire this property dates back for several years, and its accomplishment was the result of united effort headed by Chief Justice Fuller. An organization was formed consisting of eighteen prominent men in national and civic life in this city, among which were Secretary Hay, Hon. John W. Foster, General Schofield and Rev. Dr. Hamlin. The matter was persistently laid before Congress year after year until at length their efforts were crowned with success and the property bought by the government. It was through the efforts of this organization also that the present memorial collection was brought north and housed in the house.

The collection, which contains over 5,000 articles, contains more interesting mementoes of the great Lincoln than have been gathered together by any person or society organized in his name. The accumulation of these precious relics was begun over forty years ago by Osborn H. Oldroyd, who is its present owner. Mementoes of the Lincoln campaign of 1860 were the nucleus of the collection, and Mr. Oldroyd says that at that time he had no intention of going further with it, but after Mr. Lincoln's death new interest was revived in it and everything obtainable was gathered up. This work was done in Ohio. In 1883 Lincoln's old house in Springfield was rented by Mr. Oldroyd, who moved the collection there and maintained it for five years free to the public. At that time Robert Lincoln, who had come into possession of the property through the death of Mrs. Lincoln, gave the house to the state. Mr. Oldroyd was importuned to allow the collection to remain and was paid a salary by the state as its custodian, remaining in this position for another five years and until he was removed by Governor Altgeld, in order to make room for a man of his political preference.

During this time Mr. Oldroyd had been written to by the Washington association spoken of above, and requested to bring his collection here, offering him a salary until such time as the government should see fit to purchase it. In acceptance of this offer the collection was brought here in 1893, and opened with great ceremony. During the next two years the association labored with Congress to get them to purchase the house, but no attention was paid to their appeals, and they finally gave up the rent of the house. Mr. Oldroyd then assumed the rent of the house, which he paid for over two years at the rate of $100 per month, when Congress purchased the property.

The house was originally owned by William Peterson, who lived in it at the time of Lincoln's death. Mr. Peterson sold the property to Louis Schade, who was the owner when the government took possession. His price for the property was $35,000, but only an appropriation of $30,000 being made for its purchase, he decided to accept that sum.

It is the intention of those who are interested in preserving this memorial to have the collection remain in the house and open for free inspection, and to that end an appropriation was asked for to pay a custodian, Mr. Oldroyd agreeing to let the collection remain indefinitely, but this part of the appropriation was eliminated from the bill.

Mr. Oldroyd is in possession of several very handsome standing offers for his collection. The Lincoln Republican club of Chicago is desirous of obtaining the coveted prize, as is also the Lincoln University at Cumberland Gap, Tenn. In the meantime it is not expected any disposition of the relics will be made. Washington Times.

SHOULD NOT COMPLAIN
Deadheads Find as Much as Anyone Else.
Fate, with wonted levity, had thrown the sour and taciturn man into the company of the talkative citizen in the railway car.

"That was quite an interesting game of football, wasn't it?" said the latter, as he shoved a newspaper into the inside pocket of his fur-trimmed overcoat. "I never read about football," was the solemn reply. "How true it is," he added almost tearfully, "that this world is but a fleeting show."

"Of course. That's one way of looking at it. I've felt that way about it myself. But let me ask you something. Are you putting in your money and hustling around to make this world any better?"

"What's the use?"

"Well, you'll excuse me for questioning you. But you referred to the world as a fleeting show. I'm a theatrical manager, and I'm interested in anything in the show line. Now, I notice that you are not in any hurry to get out of the world, are you?"

"No, I can't truly say that I am. The instinct of self-preservation..."

"That's all right. There's the old, old story right in a nutshell. I never in my life saw a deadhead who wasn't a kicker." Columbian.

DO YOU KNOW
Consumption is preventable? Science has proven that, and also that neglect is suicidal. The worst cough or consumption can be cured with Shiloh's Cough and Consumption Cure. Sold on positive guarantee, for over fifty years. Dr. G. H. Keefer, Druggist.

AMENDED
ARTICLES OF
INCORPORATION.
BE IT KNOWN that a meeting of the stockholders of the Cobre Grande Copper Company, was on the twenty-fifth day of July, 1899, regularly called in accordance with Article VIII of the Articles of Incorporation of the said Company, to be held at the principal office of the said Company at Phoenix, Maricopa County, Arizona, on the 8th day of August, 1899, for the purpose among other things, of amending the said Articles of Incorporation, so as to permit one and the same person to hold the offices of President and Treasurer.

That at said meeting there were represented and voted upon the question of amendment of said Articles of Incorporation, more than two-thirds of the issued stock of said Company in favor of the following resolution, to wit:

Resolved, That Article IX of the Articles of Incorporation of this Company is hereby amended to read as follows: Article IX. The officers of this corporation shall consist of a President, Vice-President, Treasurer and Secretary and one and the same person may act as President and Treasurer, who shall be elected by the Board of Directors, and who shall serve until their successors are elected and qualified and of such subordinate officers, agents, employees, committee or committees as the Board of Directors may from time to time elect or appoint.

Immediately, or as soon as practicable, after the filing of these articles in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Maricopa, Territory of Arizona the persons named herein as Directors to serve until the annual meeting in November, 1899, and until their successors, duly qualified, shall be elected, shall meet and organize as Board of Directors, adopt by-laws and prescribe in said by-laws, the method of calling meetings of the Board of Directors and stockholders.

And Resolved Further. That the President and Secretary of this company are directed to sign and acknowledge this amendment and publish and file the same as required by law.

J. H. COSTELLO,
(Corporate Seal.) President.
J. HENRY WOOD,
Secretary.

Territory of Arizona, County of Cochise, ss.
On this 12th day of August, A. D. 1899, before me, S. K. Williams, a Notary Public in and for the County of Cochise, and Territory of Arizona, personally appeared J. H. Costello, President, and J. Henry Wood, Secretary, of the COBRE GRANDE COPPER COMPANY, who are each personally known to me to be the persons who signed the foregoing resolution, and each of them acknowledged to me that he executed the same for the purposes and considerations therein expressed, and as the act and deed of the COBRE GRANDE COPPER COMPANY for the purposes and considerations therein expressed, by him as the President and Secretary thereof respectively.

Given under my hand and seal of office at Phoenix, Arizona, this the day and year in this instrument first above written. (Seal.)
S. K. WILLIAMS,
Notary Public.
My commission expires Dec. 15, 1901.

United States of America, Territory of Arizona, ss.
I, Harry R. Tritle, Assistant Secretary of the Territory of Arizona, do hereby certify that this annexed is a true and complete transcript of the amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Cobre Grande Copper Company, which was filed in this office the 18th day of August, A. D. 1899, at 10 o'clock a. m., as provided by law.

In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal. Done at the city of Phoenix, the Capital, this 18th day of August, A. D. 1899.
HARRY R. TRITLE,
Assistant Secretary of the Territory of Arizona. (Seal.)

Territory of Arizona, County of Maricopa, ss.
I, P. W. Sheridan, County Recorder in and for the County and Territory aforesaid, hereby certify that I have compared the foregoing copy with the original amended Articles of Incorporation of the Cobre Grande Copper Company filed and recorded in my office on the 18th day of August, 1899 in Book No. 3 of Articles of Incorporation at Page and that the same is a full, true and correct copy of such original and of the whole thereof.

Witness my hand and seal of office this 19th day of August, 1899.
(Sseal.) F. W. SHERIDAN,
County Recorder.
By C. W. Barnett, Deputy.

First published in the Arizona Republican, August 21, 1899.

AND
CO.
351-353 North Main Street.
Los Angeles, Cal.
MINING MACHINERY
AND SUPPLIES.
"OIL CITY"
BOILERS AND ENGINES
"SNOW" MINE PUMPS.
"BATES"
CORLISS ENGINES.
STAMP MILLS.
Crushers, Rolls,
Ore Buckets, Whims.
HOISTING ENGINES.
Geared and Friction.
The Machinery and Electrical Iron Works
MACHINE SHOP.
P. O. BOX 68.
TELEPHONE 67.

ON THE PEDESTAL OF
POPULAR FAVOR
is where our high-grade carriages of all kinds are placed. They are the acme of up-to-date style, beauty and convenience, and their superior workmanship and materials render them favorites with all who appreciate a comfortable and high-grade vehicle. We are showing a superb stock at bottom prices.
H. E. KEMP
HARDWARE CO.

ROUTE.
The Scenery is Unsurpassed.
The Accommodations Are Unexcelled.

MINES AND MACHINERY FOR
SALE AT PUBLIC AUCTION.
The Harqua Hala Arizona Gold Mining Company will on Monday, August 14, 1899, at 12 o'clock noon of that day, at the courthouse door at Yuma, Arizona, offer for sale to the highest bidder all its mines, mill site, pumping plant, 40-stamp mill, cyanide plant, engines, boilers, machinery, fixed and movable, and stock of merchandise situated at Harqua Hala, Yuma County, Arizona. Inventories and information may be obtained from C. A. Dallman, agent, at Harqua Hala, or Lindley & Eickhoff, attorneys, 530 California Street, San Francisco.

Terms of sale: Cash U. S. gold coin, payable twenty percent on acceptance of bids, balance on delivery of possession. Title to mines U. S. patents.

By order of the Board of Directors.

Grand Avenue
Corral
and
Horse Market
Mountain rigs, nice driving rigs for city use, comfortable phaetons, saddle ponies for rent by the day or month at reasonable rates.
J. W. AMBROSE.

Now has first-class artists employed. Give us a call and be convinced. Opposite the opera house. Hot and cold baths 25 cents.

THE
PHOENIX SHORT LINE
a. m. p. m.
7:30 1:30 Mesa Ar 10:30
8:00 1:20 Tempe Lv 10:00
8:30 2:30 Phoenix Lv 9:30
9:00
5:30
6:30
No. 1.
No. 2.
8:00 a. m.
7:25 a. m.
7:15 a. m.
6:55 a. m.
6:45 a. m.
7:30 p. m.
8:00 p. m.
8:15 p. m.
8:30 p. m.
8:45 p. m.
9:15 p. m.
Jv Phoenix Ar
Tempe
Peterson
Kyreue
Ft. Lou
Maricopa Lv
East-bound from
East
10:50 p. m.
1:15 a. m.
9:30 a. m.
12:30 p. m.
11:50 a. m.
7:05 p. m.
7:55 a. m.
10:20 p. m.
6:23 a. m.
Lv Maricopa
Jucos
Deming
El Paso
Antoulo.
Houston
New Orleans
Washington
New York
6:45 a. m.
2:00 a. m.
6:06 p. m.
2:05 p. m.
4:40 a. m.
8:05 a. m.
8:20 p. m.
10:00 p. m.
4:20 p. m.

TEXAS FAIRLINES
Eastbound, From East
8:10 p. m.
6:30 p. m.
7:15 p. m.
7:35 a. m.
El Paso
Dallas
St. Louis
Chicago Lv
10:15 a. m.
6:50 a. m.
9:40 a. m.
9:10 p. m.

SOUTHERN
From West
JUANITO,
Westbound
10:08 p. m.
5:00 p. m.
8:16 a. m.
6:20 p. m.
9:00 a. m.
6:00 p. m.
9:60 a. m.
Ar Maricopa Lv
Yuma.
Los Angeles
Eresno
San Francisco
Portland
Lv Seattle Ar
5:07 a. m.
11:20 a. m.
9:20 p. m.
11:10 a. m.
6:46 p. m.
9:30 a. m.
6:06 p. m.

Trains stop on signal.
Pullman Palace Sleeping car on all trains between Phoenix and Maricopa.
Train No. 1 connects with Southern Pacific train No. 19, eastbound, leaving Maricopa at 10:50 p. m.
Train No. 2 connects with Southern Pacific train No. 20, westbound, leaving Maricopa at 5:15 a. m.
Pacific Coast Limited passes Maricopa: Eastbound, 2:26 a. m., Wednesdays and Saturdays; Westbound, 8:30 a. m., Fridays and Tuesdays of each week.
Connections made at Thebes with R. P. & P. H. R. for Prescott and Congress. Connections at Mesa with stages for Florence and Globe, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays at 5 o'clock a. m.
N. K. MASTEN, B. T. PORTER,
President. Gen'l Supt.
M. O. BICKNELL,
Gen'l Frt. and Pass. Agt.

SCENIC LINE OF ARIZONA.
SANTA FE, PRESCOTT
& PHOENIX RY.
AND
PRESCOTT & EASTERN R. R.
WITH THE
SANTA FE SYSTEM.
Shortest and Quickest service between Phoenix, Kansas City, St. Louis, Chicago and all Eastern Points.

From the
West
THROUGH
TIME TABLES
To the
West
Days
Mon 10:00 p. m. Lv Portland
Tue 1:10 p. m. Lv Stillwater
Wed 6:40 a. m. Lv San Francisco
Thu 10:10 a. m. Lv Moave
Thu 8:00 a. m. Lv San Diego
Thu 1:00 p. m. Lv Barstow Ar 12:30 p. m. Tues
Fri 3:00 a. m. Ar Ash Fork Lv Sin Minn
From the
East
To the
East
Mon 10:00 p. m. Lv Chicago Ar 9:00 p. m. Wed
Mon 10:50 p. m. Lv St. Louis Ar 11:30 p. m. Wed
Tue 1:50 a. m. Lv Kansas City Ar 7:00 a. m. Wed
Wed 5:30 a. m. Lv Denver Ar 5:00 p. m. Tues
Thu 9:00 p. m. Lv Albuquerque Ar 11:00 p. m. Wed
Thu 12:10 p. m. Ar Ash Fork Lv 7:50 a. m. Wed

Southbound LOCAL
TIME TABLE
Mountain Time.
Northbound No. 72
Pass.
No. 1
Pass.
12:55 p. m.
No. 3 2:52 p. m.
10:45 a. m. Lv.
12:41 p. m. Ar
5:01 p. m. No. 3 Lv 3:10 p. m.
12:30 p. m. Ar
1:00 p. m. Lv
2:40 p. m.

Lv. ASH FORK Ar
Jerome Junction
7:00 a. m.
JtjKiaj No. 3
V. V. 9:25
P. 7:00 a. m.
4:22 a. m.
4:05 a. m. No. 22
Lv Jerome Ar
Ar Jerome Junction Lv
P. & A. K. Junction
Ar Prescott Lv
Lv Mayer Ar
Hinrou
Cherry Creek
Lv. P. A. K. Junction Ar
Ar Prescott Lv
10:05 a. m.
9:41 a. m.
9:15 a. m.
2:00 a. m.
8:00 a. m.
3:21 p. m. Lv Prescott Ar 3:50 a. m.
4:10 p. m. Ar. Skill Valley Lv 2:10 a. m.
5:00 p. m. Lv. Skull Valley Ar 2:10 a. m.
5:10 p. m.
6:10 p. m.
Kirkland 1:51 a. m.
Congress Junction 12:11 a. m.
7:10 p. m.
7:52 p. m.
M. I. M. p. m.
9:12 p. m.
9:21 p. m.
Ukeiburg 11:50 p. m.
Hot-Springs Junction 10:00 p. m.
9:47 p. m.
9:17 p. m.
9:24 p. m.
9:00 p. m.
Cedarale
Allambra
9:40 p. m. Ar Phoenix Lv
Dining Room
Through tickets to all points in the United States, Canada and Mexico.
CONNECTIONS: Jerome Junction with V. V. & P. Ry for Jerome; P. & A. Junction with P. A. E. R. R. for Huron and Mayer; Mayer with stage to Crown King and other mining points; Prescott with stage lines for all principal mining camps; Congress Junction with Stage lines for Congress, Harqua Hala, Stanton and Jarvis; Hot Springs Junction with the C. C. H. S. & I. Co., for Castle Creek Hot Springs, an all-year-round health resort; Phoenix with the M. & P. S. K. V. R. K. for points on the S. P. System.
E. W. GILLETT,
H. P. ANEWALT, General Agent.
Acting Gen'l Pass. Agt. Phoenix.
Prescott, Arizona.
Arizona and Santa Eastern Ry.
Northward.
Southward.

a. m. STATIONS p. m.
6:00 L. T. Bisbee 1:00 Ar
6:05 South Bisbee
6:12 Don Luis 1:10
6:25 Naco Junction 12:55
6:32 Packard 12:30
6:52 Banning 12:20
7:07 Water Tank 12:00
7:22 Charleston
7:40 Ar Fairbank Lv 11:25
7:45 Lv Fairbank Ar 11:10
N. M. A. A. Crossing
7:55 Contention 11:00
8:10 Land 10:40
8:50 Ar Benson Lv 10:00

Trains run on Pacific time.
BEN WILLIAM, Bunt
Southern Pacific Co.
(PACIFIC RISTEH.
Commencing April 5, 1897, trains will leave Maricopa as follows:
8:00 A. M. Tuesdays and Fridays "Sunset Limited" for Los Angeles, San Francisco and all California points.
10:00 A. M. DAILY PACIFIC EXPRESS
For points in California, Nevada, Oregon and Washington.
11:00 A. M. DAILY MIXED TRAIN FOR
Points in sea, Benson, Lordsburg, Deming and intermediate stations.
1:00 P. M. DAILY MIXED TRAIN FOR
Points in Gila Bend and intermediate stations.
3:00 P. M. DAILY MIXED TRAIN FOR
Points in El Paso and all way stations.
5:00 P. M. DAILY NEW ORLEANS EXPRESS
For Tucson, Benson, Deming, El Paso, San Antonio, Houston and New Orleans.
7:00 P. M. Tuesdays and Fridays "San Francisco Limited" for El Paso, Fort Worth, St. Louis, Chicago and all points east.
T. H. GOODMAN,