2

Daily Citizen.
PUBLISHED EVERY EVENING EXCEPT SUNDAY.
By The Citizen Printing and Publishing Co.
MEMBER THE ASSOCIATED PRESS.
DAILY—One year in advance - - - $7.50
DAILY—Delivered by Carrier, per month .65
WEEKLY—One year in advance - 2.00
WEEKLY—Six months in advance - 1.00
Entered According to Act of Congress as Second-class Matter at the Postoffice of Tucson.
NOTICE.—This paper will not be responsible for any bills unless contracted for and signed by the manager.
Citizen Printing & Publishing Co.
E. W. Norris, Mgr.
MEASURING
ADMIRAL SAMPSON.
The St. Paul Dispatch sizes up
Admiral Sampson in the following vigorous and interesting manner:
Rear Admiral Sampson has made another display of traits that furnish the public with accurate measurements of the man. Intellectually he gave his measurements in the Santiago campaign and proved his high qualifications. For the ability shown in the planning of that campaign, whose result was largely due to his precision, give him due praise.
But when, to bring himself within the prize-money law, he made his first signal to Schley a notice that he was “in hailing distance,” so as to fasten up on a share in the prize money, and when, again, he sent in a force of sailors to take possession of the ships that had surrendered in the harbor to Schley, so that they could be added to the prize-money fund, he revealed an avidity for money that created a disgust which completely eclipsed in the public estimation whatever merit he had won as commander of the squadron.
Now he makes a display of another trait which will still further sink him in public esteem. It calls for more than passing mention because it is said that his sentiment is shared largely by naval officers. Charles Morgan, gunner, on the New York, one of “the men behind the guns,” to whom Schley said the victory was due, asked his admiral to testify to the department his fitness for appointment as an ensign under the provisions of the pending bill. This letter Sampson forwarded to Secretary Long with an endorsement. He said Morgan has “good professional ability” and “a gentlemanly bearing,” exceptional among warrant officers. He would, if commissioned, “compare favorably, both professionally and in personal conduct and bearing, with other officers of that grade, as far as his technical education would permit.”
He then enters a general protest against any appointments being made under the bill, and it is in the reason assigned that we see still more of this officer’s character. He objects because these warrant officers “are recruited from a class of men who have not had the social advantages that are requisite for a commissioned officer, who should be a man of refinement,” and “would embarrassments, as they would have to be treated as officers, and could not be excluded from the functions in which our naval officers are supposed to shine on foreign stations. “Their proper place is that of leading men among the crew and not as representatives of the country in the ward room and steerage.”
It is refreshing to know that Secretary Long, uninfluenced by his marriage connection with the admiral, turned his recommendation down, and says he will gladly appoint this man if authorized, having drafted the provision himself that permits it.
Years ago the same snobbishness prevailed in the regular army, but it has largely disappeared before the influx of men from the ranks that Congress long ago permitted. It is high time that it be driven out of the navy. It has no foundation. Cadets at Annapolis come from all sections of the country, all ranks and conditions of life. A naval constructor, high up in numbers, was a poor German boy in this state, his father a pioneer farmer killed in the Indian massacre. What is there of magic in a four-year course at the naval school that confers “social distinction” or infuses “refinement” should it not exist in the cadet’s nature? To the cupidity shown at Santiago Sampson now adds an insufferable snobbishness.

The Chicago Chronicle says that consumption causes one-fifth of all the deaths in Canada. Physicians attending a tuberculosis congress at Ottawa declare that women’s long skirts are responsible for thousands of deaths ascribed to the disease. The draperies are scavengers which pick up and cherish tuberculosis germs that develop in households. The long skirt is a scavenger wherever it is worn. Not only the microbes of consumption, but the sputa of all diseases, the filthy muck of the streets, the elusive germs that infest public halls and hotels, the long skirt appropriates and shelters until ripe to do their deadly business. Habitual cleanliness and good taste of American women have long since set the seal of condemnation upon the out-door long skirt, which is growing rarer in the thoroughfares. It ought not to be forgotten that when American women began adopting the short skirt there were stupid conservatives who stigmatized that wise fashion as lacking in modesty.

EFFECTIVE AT ONCE—The Illinois Central railroad will put in a new fast schedule on their Omaha and Chicago line, whereby train No. 2 will be cut down one hour. It will leave Omaha at 7:46 p. m. daily via Fort Dodge, Waterloo, Dubuque, Freeport and Rockford, arriving in Chicago at 8:00 a. m. next day. Train No. 4 will be made a daylight train leaving Omaha at 7:46 a. m. via the same route as shown, arriving in Chicago at 9:46 p. m. same day. These two trains also carry through equipment between Omaha and Sioux City via Fort Dodge and Albert Lea, arriving at Minneapolis at 7:26 a. m. and returning with festive-holiday Pullman sleepers, buffet library smoking car, free dining chair car and dining car.

If at last she tires of the fault-finding of a dyspeptic husband and leaves him?
The worst of the dyspeptic is that he does not realize his own meanness. His world is entirely out of perspective. Dyspepsia and other diseases of the stomach and organs of digestion and nutrition are perfectly and permanently cured by the use of Dr. Pierce’s Golden Medical Discovery. It cures the worst forms of the disease. It cures when all other medicines have failed to benefit. Accept no substitute for Dr. Pierce’s Golden Medical Discovery. There is no other medicine for the stomach, blood and lungs, which can show so wide and wonderful a record of cures. It always helps. It almost always cures.
“I can say to you, one bottle of your ‘Golden Medical Discovery’ has cured me sound and well, after suffering two long years with stomach disease,” writes Mr. W. R. Braswell, of McAdenville, Gaston Co., North Carolina. “My health is worth all the world to me. I will praise you as long as I live.”
Dr. Pierce’s Common Sense Medical Adviser, in paper binding, is sent free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay expense of mailing only, or if cloth-bound volume is desired send 31 stamps. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.

ADVERTISED LETTERS.
Following is a list of uncalled-for letters remaining in the post office for the week ending March 24th:
Gents.
Abila Francisco Martinez
Aguilar Fernando Martinez Dionicio
Anderson Robert McFadden Peter
Ansevatis Charley Matt and Bullion
Barton William Merinda Juan
Bernal Ramon Miranda Angel
Bilaloba Luarda Montibroza Consencion
Bindiola Eusebio Moreno Jose
Brace Ollie O’Donnell John
Burnett James Overman O. W.
Clements Arthur Parkhurst Waldo P.
Colores Francisco Pebbles I. S.
Connelly James Peterson Wm.
Davis Malt Plumb William
Delaney M. O. Pohl Ed
Delgadillo Francisco Richardon Geo.
Delgadillo J. F. Rice Byron E.
DeWitt Geo. W. Romero Concepcion
Diaz Jose Bernuno Keimondo
Diaz Miguel Shun Luther K.
Drake Harry S. Sorenson Martin
Eppley Frank Streat Henry K.
Kron Mr. and Mrs. Strong Dave A.
Espinoza Pablo Taylor Miles
Falories H. A. Vasquez Santiago
Hoefer Oscar A. Welling C. W.
Jenkins W. M. Weathey R.
Le Carlos Wells Sam
Marquez Dionicio Ybarra Ricardo
Ladies.
Bailey Sra. Fermina Garcia Sra. Asuncion
Brown Sra. Mariana Jones Mrs. Jess
Bustamante Sra. Rosa Kelly Mrs. Frank
Campas Sra. Guadalupe Larev Mrs. J. F.
Chaves Sra. Luna Maldonado Sra. Ysidina
Clark Miss Enith McDermott Sra. Redu-
Colores Sra. M. Sindia
Cordez Srita. Teresa Navarro Gertrudis
Cuebas Sra. Carmen Pacheco Leontius
Darling Mrs. Sanson Rivera Sra. Lipe
Davis Lizzie Salcido Sra. Refugio
Encinas Sra. Eufugia Sedillos Beatrice
Felix Sra. Sociedad Slavs Sra. Ana Joaquina
Garnazutez Mrs. J. S. Siqueiros Ysidra
Galas Antonia Yanez Sra. Jesus G.

Made Her
Beautiful
Every Lady in the Land Can Now Have a Beautiful Skin.
A TOTAL BOX FREE.
Every lady who sends her name and address will receive by mail free a trial package of a celebrated beauty’s remedies for beautifying the complexion. It is not a face powder, cream, cosmetic or bleach, contains no oil, grease, paste or chemicals and is absolutely the only successful beauty maker known.
Fannie B. Ralston, 623 Lexington Ave., Newport, Ky., sister of the famous Kentucky Beauty Helen Ralston, who also used these beautifiers, says: —"When I began using Mme. Klbault’s complexion beautifiers I did not think it possible to clear my skin, my face was in a horrible condition, literally covered with red spots, pimples, blackheads, moth patches and freckles. And whenever the weather changed eczema, chaps and salt rheum added to my misery. I suffered a thousand deaths, and when I sent for a trial of Mme. Klbault’s beautifiers just as I had done before time and again with other advertised remedies, I did not expect any results, imagine my surprise when the next day all redness and soreness were gone. At the end of a week my skin began to clear, the freckles and moth patches disappeared and the eczema and salt rheum were completely cured. I improved so wonderfully that my friends did not recognize me, so quickly had the change taken place. My skin is now perfectly lovely, and there is not a blemish or wrinkle anywhere.
I hope all ladies will at least try these marvelous beautifiers.”
Do not delay but write immediately. The treatment is harmless, a natural beauty maker and will permanently remove all tan, freckles, moth patches, pimples, blackheads, flesh worms, sunburn, chaps, roughness and any and all skin imperfections no matter what they may be.
Write today without fail and the free treatment will be mailed prepaid with full directions and all particulars absolutely free. Address, Mme. M. Klbault, Music Hall building, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Ely’s preparations simply dissolve dry catarrh; they dry up the secretions, which adhere to the membrane and decompose, causing a far more serious trouble than the ordinary form of catarrh. Avoid all drying inhalants, fumes, smokes and snuffs and use that which cleanses, soothes and heals. Ely’s Cream Balm is such a remedy and will cure catarrh or cold in the head easily and pleasantly. A trial size will be mailed for 10 cents. All druggists sell the 60c. size. Ely Brothers, 56 Warren St., N.Y.
The Balm cures without pain, does not irritate or cause sneezing. It spreads itself over an irritated and angry surface, relieving immediately the painful inflammation. With Ely’s Cream Balm you are armed against Nasal Catarrh and Hay Fever.
Long’s Preserved Strawberries. The only American packer of fruit superior to French and German. California fruit and cane sugar. Syrup Refining Company, San Francisco. For sale by all Tucson grocers.

ARIZONA DAILY CITIZEN, TUCSON, THURSDAY EVENING, MARCH 7, 1901

THE
DAILY
CITIZEN
is a reputable
Republican
paper, devoted to the interests of
Pima County
and the Territory of Arizona.
We also do
fine
Commercial
Printing
and want
a six-month
order
the next time
you need anything
in this line.
Phone No. 171

IMPORTANT NOTICE
Doctors find
A Good
Prescription
for mankind.
Tea for five cents at Drugstores, Grocery, Restaurant, Saloon, News-Stand, General Store, and Barbershop. They banish pain, induce, deep, and prolong life. On, give relief! No better with the matter. It will do you good. Tea supplies and one thousand teaspoons.

Desert Land, Final Proof Notice for Publication.
United States Land Office, Tucson, Arizona,
Feb. 15, 1901.
Notice is hereby given that Julia A. Knapp, of Tucson, Arizona, has filed notice of intention to make proof on her desert land claim No. 2558, for the N. 1/4 N. E. 1/4 Sec. 23 & N. W. 1/4 Sec. 21, T.13-S., R. 13-E., O. S. R. B. & M., before the register and receiver at Tucson, Arizona, on Friday, the 12th day of April 1901.
He names the following witnesses to prove the complete irrigation and reclamation of said land: Edmond L. Wetmore, Renjamen Kennedy, Henry M. Meickel, and Farrand O. Benedict, all of Tucson, Arizona.
Milton R. Moork,
Register.
First pub. Feb. 16th, last March 23, 1901.
Notice of Time Appointed for Proving Will, Etc.

In the Probate Court, of the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona.
In the matter of the estate of Newton J. Babcock deceased.
Pursuant to an order of said Probate court, made on the 27th day of February 1901 notice is hereby given, that Tuesday the 19th day of March 1901 at 10 o’clock a. m. of said day, at the court room of said court, at the county court house, in the City of Tucson, County of Pima, has been appointed as the time and place for proving the will of said Newton J. Babcock deceased, and for hearing the application of Ezra Shelley for the issuance to him of Letters Testamentary when and where, any person interested may appear and contest the same.
Dated February 27th, 1901. B. M. Perell,
Ex-Officio Clerk.
1st pub. Feb. 28th, last March 11, 1901.
TEA GARDEN DRIPS—Is a Sugar syrup of highest Quality. Once used always wanted—deliciously sweet—makes taffy candy to perfection. Manufactured by Pacific Coast Syrup Co., 707-719 San Francisco St., San Francisco.
FOR RENT—One nicely furnished front room in good location. Only healthy people need apply. Address The Citizen.

Best Cooks in the Country recognize the superiority of
Wm. Lea & Perrins’
The Original Worcestershire Sauce
Bottle for steaks, roasts, soups, most dishes.
John Duncan’s Sons, Agents, New York.

Tucson and Mammoth Stage Line
By the way of Oracle.
A regular stage every day except Sunday. Private team $10.00 and $10.00 return, (drivers furnished.) All persons wishing to arrive in banking hours will please notify our agents the evening before.
Wm. Neal, Proprietor.

Notice for Patents
Homestead entry No. 2138, Department of the Interior Land Office at Tucson, Arizona, Feb. 18, 1901.
Notice is hereby given that the following named settler has filed notice of his intention to make final proof in support of his claim, and that said proof will be made before the register and receiver at Tucson, Arizona, on Wednesday, March 27, 1901, viz: James J. Harris of Tucson, Arizona, for the S. W. 1/4, N. W. 1/4 Sec. 27, N. 1/4, N. E. 1/4 Sec. 31 and N. W. 1/4, W. 1/4 Sec. 35, T. 18-S., R. 13-E., G. & S. R. R. B. & M.
He names the following witnesses to prove his continuous residence upon and cultivation of said land viz: Frank M. Allison, Warren Allison, Antonio V. Grossed and Grant Witter, all of Tucson, Arizona.
Milton R. Moork,
Register.
First pub. Feb. 18, last March 28, 1901.
Notice of Sale of Real Estate.
In the probate court of the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona.
In the matter of the estate and guardianship of William H. Rowland, a minor.
Notice is hereby given that in pursuance of an order of the probate court of the county of Pima, Territory of Arizona, made on the 16th day of February, 1901, in the matter of the estate and guardianship of William H. Rowland, a minor, the undersigned, the guardian of the estate of said minor, will sell at public auction to the highest bidder for cash in lawful money of the United States, to the highest and best bidder, on Thursday the 14th day of March, 1901, at ten o’clock a. m. at the front door of the court house in the city of Tucson, Pima county, Arizona, all the right, title, interest and estate of said minor in and to those certain lots, pieces or parcels of land situate, lying and being in the said City of Tucson, Pima County, Territory of Arizona, and more particularly described as follows, to-wit:
An undivided one-third interest in parts of lots 2, 3, and 4, in Block No. 73 in said City of Tucson, and known as subdivision No. 13 of said Block 73, as per map made by George J. Rankin, Esq.
Terms and conditions of sale: Cash, one-half of the purchase money to be paid by the purchaser on the day of sale, balance on confirmation of sale by said probate court. Deed at expense of purchaser.
W. W. WILLIAMS,
Guardian of the estate of the above named minor.
Dated Tucson, Arizona, February 16, 1901.
First pub. Feb. 16, last Mar. 13.

LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
Articles of Incorporation of Beaumont and Los Angeles Oil and Development Company.
Know all men by these presents: That we, the undersigned, J. B. Treadwell, C. L. Hanson, L. J. Barber, J. J. Lockwood and C. A. Benway, have this day associated ourselves together for the purpose of forming a corporation under the laws of the territory of Arizona, and we do hereby certify:
I.
That the name of this corporation shall be Beaumont and Los Angeles Oil and Development Company.
II.
That the purpose and general nature of the business to be transacted for which said corporation is formed, are:
To buy and otherwise acquire, to hold and own, manage, operate, improve and develop lands, mining claims, mineral rights, oil wells, and other real estate, and interests in any of said properties.
To engage in and carry on the business of boring, drilling, quarrying, tunneling and exploring for, producing, refining, distilling, treating, manufacturing, piping, carrying, handling, storing, dealing in, buying and selling oil, petroleum, natural gas, asphaltum, bitumen, bituminous rock, and other mineral and hydrocarbon substances, and products of all such substances, gold, silver, copper, quicksilver, gypsum, stone and any and all other metals, minerals and products; and for such other purposes to buy and otherwise acquire, hold, own, manage, and operate refineries, pipelines, tanks, manufactories, machinery, wharves, tank cars, and steam and sailing vessels, for water transportation, and other works, property and appliances that may be incident or auxiliary to said business or that may be deemed necessary or convenient by the board of directors.
Also to take and acquire by purchase, exchange or other lawful modes, and to hold, own, sell or otherwise dispose of the capital stock and bonds of other corporations.
To buy, own, hold, sell, encumber, convey, work, operate, and deal in mines and mining lands and claims and the products of mines, and water rights and systems and any and all kinds for any and all purposes; to buy, own, hold, sell, encumber, convey and deal in stocks, bonds, real estate and personal property.
To borrow and loan money on security and otherwise for the purposes of the corporation; to issue evidences of indebtedness payable in money or property; to construct, own, and operate pipelines and other means of transportation, mining, manufacturing and other plants, and other buildings, works and improvements; to act as agent, broker, contractor or trustee in respect to the foregoing purposes.
Also to establish and carry on agencies, offices, storage, storage tanks and houses, and to sell articles and products manufactured by itself or other persons or corporations, in California, Arizona, Texas, and other states and territories of the United States of America and in foreign countries.
III.
That the principal place of business of said corporation shall be Tucson, Pima county, Territory of Arizona, and the places outside of said territory where it may keep branch offices and transact its business and conduct its affairs thereat shall be at Los Angeles, in the state of California, and at Beaumont, Texas.

IV.
That the time of the commencement of said corporation is the 6th day of February, 1901, and the time of its termination is the 6th day of February, 1936.
V.
That the amount of the capital stock authorized is two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) and the number of shares into which it is divided is two hundred and fifty thousand (250,000) shares of the par value of one dollar ($1) each.
VI.
That the affairs of said corporation shall be conducted by a board of five directors who shall be elected on the second Tuesday of June of each year.
VII.
The amount of indebtedness or liability to which said corporation shall at any time subject itself, is one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000).
VIII.
That the private property of all stockholders in said corporation shall be exempt from all debts of said corporation.
IX.
That the following persons shall constitute the board of directors of said corporation and serve for the period of one year or until their successors are duly elected and qualified thereto:
J. B. Treadwell, C. L. Hanson, L. J. Barber, J. J. Lockwood and C. A. Benway.
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our hands and seals this sixth day of February, 1901.
J. B. Treadwell, Seal.
J. J. Lockwood, Seal.
C. A. Benway, Seal.
Ten-cent revenue stamp cancelled.
State of California.
County of Los Angeles.
On this 6th day of February, in the year of our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and one, before me, Calvert Wilson, a notary public in and for said county of Los Angeles, state of California, residing therein, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared J. B. Treadwell, C. L. Hanson, L. J. Barber, J. J. Lockwood and C. A. Benway, known to me to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and year in this certificate first above written.
(Seal) CALVERT WILSON.
Notary public in and for said County of Los Angeles, State of California.
(My commission expires July 23, 1902.)
Ten-cent revenue stamp cancelled.
1st pub. Feb. 28th; last pub. March 6th, 1901.

Notice of Sale of Real Estate
Under decree and order of district court.
By virtue of a decree and order of sale issued out of the district court of the first judicial district of the territory of Arizona, in and for the county of Pima, duly attested by the clerk of said court, under the seal of said court, on the 7th day of February, 1901, and to me delivered on the day last aforesaid, in a certain action lately pending in said court, wherein on the 20th day of November, 1899, I. Knox Corbett, plaintiff, therein recovered judgment against Frank J. Landon and Emma Landon, defendants therein, for the sum of three hundred and forty-two and 33/100 ($342.33) dollars and 332/33 costs. And wherein and whereby it was adjudged and decreed by said court that the lien claimed and set forth by said plaintiff in his complaint in said action upon the premises therein described be foreclosed, and it was further ordered, adjudged and decreed therein by said court that all of said property and premises be seized and sold by the sheriff of said Pima county, as under execution in satisfaction of said judgment. I have levied upon all of the property described in said decree and order of sale, to-wit: All that certain lot, piece or parcel of land situated, lying and being in the city of Tucson, county of Pima and Territory of Arizona, and bounded and described as follows: Commencing at a point 150 feet northerly of the southeast corner of block 87, on the east line of said block, and running thence westerly at right angles 92 feet; thence northerly at right angles 96 feet; thence easterly at right angles 93 feet; thence southerly at right angles 96 feet to the place of beginning, and being part of lots 5 and 6 in said block 87, according to the official survey and map of the city of Tucson, made by S. W. Foreman and approved by the mayor and common council of the (village) now city of Tucson, June 22, 1872.
And notice is hereby given that on Saturday, the ninth day of March, 1901, at 11 o’clock in the forenoon, I will sell at public auction for cash in lawful money of the United States, to the highest and best bidder, at the court house door of Pima county, in the city of Tucson, all of the right, title and interest of the said Frank J. Landon and Emma Landon have, and which they and each of them had in and to the above described property on the 21st day of February 1899, and have had since said last named day, to satisfy said judgment, and costs, and seeming costs.
FRANK E. MURPHY,
Sheriff of Pima county.
E. DRACHMAN,
Under Sheriff.
Tucson, Arizona, February 9th, 1901.
First pub. Feb. 11, 1901, last pub. March 8, 1901.

Office Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.
Feb. 25, 1901. Sealed proposals in triplicate will be received here until 11 a. m. March 27, 1901, for transportation of military supplies, routes Nos. 1, 4, 5, 6, 7, and X, and for drayage at Denver, Colo., during the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1901. U. S. reserves the right to accept or reject any or all proposals. Information furnished on application. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked: "Proposals for Transportation on Route No. —," addressed J. W. Pope, Chief Q. M.
Proposals for cavalry horses—Office Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo., March 2, 1901. All sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received here until 11 a. m., March 12, 1901, for furnishing cavalry horses as follows: At Ft. Grant, Ariz., 63 horses; at Ft. Huachuca, Ariz., 15 horses; at Ft. Wingate, N. M., 45 horses, bids will be entertained for delivery at prominent railroad points other than at posts named. So rules to be in accordance with specifications and circular of instructions to bidders, which will be furnished, together with blank proposals, on application to this office. U. S. reserves right to accept or reject any or all proposals or any part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked "Proposals for Cavalry Horses" and addressed Major J. W. Pope, Chief Q. M.
DEAFNESS CURED,
For no pay. C. H. OSBORN, Milwaukee, Wis.

Southern Pacific Co.
Sunset
Route
This is the most popular route. Runs a daily train from all points North! East! West! causing close connections at New Orleans for St. Louis, Chicago, Cincinnati, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, New York and all principal points.
Elegant Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars on all trains through to New Orleans.
Passengers taking this route will have only one change of cars at New Orleans in daylight, for all points North and East, avoid the tedious lay-overs at El Paso and Texas and saving over
FOUR TO TEN HOURS IN TIME
See that your ticket reads via the Southern Pacific Company and New Orleans. For further information, time-tables and through Pullman reservation, call on or address,
C. M. Burkhalter, T. E. Runt, F. S. B. Morse
Agent, Tucson, Com’l Agent, Gen’l P. & T. Agent,
Arizona. El Paso, Texas. New Orleans, La.
M. O. Becknell, Traveling Passenger Agent, El Paso.
IMPORTANT GATEWAYS
THROUGH FAST BRIGHT

AHO BASSINGBR SERVICE
The direct through line from Arizona and New Mexico to all points in the north, east and southeast. Low altitude. Perfect passenger service. Through care. No lay-overs. Latest pattern, Pullman Buffet Sleepers, Handsome New Chair Cars. Seats Free. Speed, safety, comfort combined. For particulars address
B. F. DARBYSHIRE, S. W. F. & P. A. R. W. CURTIS, T. F. & P. A.
El Paso, Texas. El Paso, Texas.
E. P. TURNER, G. P. & T. A., Dallas, Texas.
"NO TROUBLE TO ANSWER QUESTIONS."

THE MAN OF THE HOUR
Reproduced in Tea Cera from
a Late Photograph, for which
the President specially sat, at
the request of the Publishers
(Size 14 x 21 Inches)
will be published by us shortly. It is now being printed for us on heavy plate paper, in a form suitable for framing, by one of the largest art lithograph houses in America, in the famous French style of color-plate work. Every American home will want one of these handsome pictures of the President. It must be remembered that this picture will be in no sense a cheap chromo, but will be an example of the very highest style of illuminated printing. It will be an ornament to any library or drawing-room. Our readers can have the McKinley portrait at what it costs us (namely, ten cents per copy) by merely filling out the coupon below, and sending it to this office at once. There will be such a demand for the portrait when it is published that we advise sending orders in advance. As many copies as may be desired can be had on one coupon, providing ten cents is sent for each copy. Write name and address plainly, and remit in coin or postage stamps.
To THE ARIZONA DAILY CITIZEN,
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
For the enclosed remittance of cents send me copies of President McKinley's Portrait in colors, as described in today's paper.

The Consolidated National Bank,
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
Capital $60,000 Surplus and Profits $15,000
DEPOSITS $1/2 MILLION.
OFFICERS:
M. P. FREEMAN, President. W. C. DAVIS, Vice President.
H. B. TENNEY, Cashier. B. W. GRAVES, Asst. Cashier.
The Arizona National Bank
OF TUCSON.
B. M. Jacobs, President.
Capital $90,000.00 Fred Fleishman, Vice-President.
Surplus $8,000.00 L. M. Jacobz, Cashier.
J. M. Ohmst, Asst. Cashier.
A General Banking Business Transacted.

You Can’t Beat It;
and it’s the same with other cigars. What’s the use of trying to climb above the top? Smokers of our prime candidates for incineration know all about the goods we offer them. What they were yesterday they are today and will be tomorrow. We set the standard high and stick to it. We never will come off our perch.
A. ROSSI,
Columbus Saloon
102 Stone Ave. and Congress St.