PAGE TWO

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 5, 1918

DIVORCE

GIST OF IT

Branded as a man who drank to excess and who was addicted to the use of bromidia, Coit Myers sat in the divorce court yesterday and heard the damaging statements made against him by his wife, Mrs. Catherine Myers, who is filing him for divorce.

For two hours and a half Mrs. Myers testified. Her testimony dealt largely with Mr. Myers' alleged lift for intoxicating liquor, admitting, under cross-examination by Walter Bennett, that she had on two different occasions been intoxicated in order to "show him how disgusting it was." The treatment was a failure, she said, and she had ceased to drink, believing that if it were not right for him to indulge in drinking that the right was not hers. Citing incidents when she claimed he was under the influence of liquor, Mrs. Myers told of happenings here, in Los Angeles, New Orleans, Boston, and New York.

All this testimony, friends of Myers say, will be successfully combatted and they feel confident that when he takes the stand in Judge Lyman's court today a vastly different story will be told.

The Myers were married in New York in 1912 and came to Arizona a few months later.

The plaintiff, who made a handsome appearance in a smartly tailored grey and black frock and chic black sailor hat, brought a second charge of failure to provide. She swore under oath that with the exception of Mr. Myers, she had not contributed to her support since August 1918, that since June 1917, neither she nor their small daughter, Gretchen, had received a penny from him. She said the reason she had not brought the child west with her was that she could not afford to, that Gretchen was staying in the east with Mrs. Myers' sister. This sister and her father had supported them both, she declared.

Mr. Bennett inquired if it were not a fact that the Myers ranch had been conveyed to her by her husband, to which the plaintiff replied in the affirmative.

She said she had leased the house for from $150 to $170 a month and the renting money had been hers, but that she had not put the money to "her personal use." The ranch, planted in citrus and alfalfa, had been productive and while she admitted that she had received the proceeds from the fruit, she said it went toward the current expenses.

After she rented her home to winter residents, Mrs. Myers lived in an apartment making lamp shades and trench lace to provide her and her daughter with the necessaries of life, she said.

She went east more than a year ago, and while there had several conferences with Mr. Myers relative to the divorce. During this time she wrote a letter to her husband's sister and its introduction afforded her displeasure yesterday, especially when Mr. Bennett read "Coit has not been drinking or taking dope this winter," which she said she had written.

Men who had worked on the Myers ranch, which is now in the hands of a receiver, were called for the plaintiff and proved rather unwilling witnesses. Their answers were given reluctantly and caused a sharp word from the plaintiff's attorneys.

The case will probably take the greater part of today in the hearing. Mrs. Myers is represented by Judge Richard P. Sloan and George Purdy. Bullard and Kibbey, Bennett and Curtis represent Mr. Myers.

SUBMARINE IS SUNK

Republican A.P. Leased Wire

LONDON, Feb. 4. An Admiralty announcement tonight confirms the claim made in a Turkish official statement that the submarine E-14, which was sent into the Dardanelles on the night of the 27th under orders to complete the destruction of the former German cruiser Goeben, was sunk off Kum Kale and that seven men were drowned.

TELLS LA FOLLETTE

Republican A.P. Leased Wire

WATERTOWN, Wis., Feb. 4. Governor R.L. Philipp, addressing a mass meeting here tonight, said that if Senator La Follette, in the performance of his duty in the United States Senate or elsewhere, has committed an offense against the government, the United States Senate is the only court in which he can be tried and that august body should give him a prompt and fair trial. If it finds him guilty it should expel him from that body, he added. If, on the other hand, he has committed no offense against the government, and in an unbiased investigation it is found that he has done nothing that disqualifies him as a senator or a patriotic citizen, the United States should say so and the public trial of Senator La Follette should end.

"If I were Senator La Follette's political or personal friend," said Governor Philipp, "I would advise him to insist upon immediate disposition of the case that has been brought against him in the Senate, and if he retains his seat or not, he should resign and come back to the state and ask the people for a re-election. There is no better way to determine whether he represents the will of the people of the state. No doubt he thinks he does. I think otherwise. However, enough has been said in criticism of his action, that only a vote by the people, which passes upon him directly can settle the question beyond any further dispute.

Crafty Science Foremost:
First to Sail Uncharted Seas:
In the development of the modern motor car, each new voyage of discovery has had its venturesome pilot. It has ever been the courage of a few that has led the many to success.

BUT no exploration in the history of the industry ever called for more gallant enterprise than that on which the Marmon Engineers set out four years ago. Behind them lay all the experience and development in motor cars up to the outbreak of the European War. Before them lay the unknown seas of engineering.

For more than two years they searched this trackless main, sounding new depths and discovering much sought combinations. To mention a few: They found how to lessen the weight of the car a full half-ton and yet improve its roadability and riding ease; how to produce a short turning radius and yet retain the desired long wheelbase.

Exhibited at New York Auto Show -
BABBITT BROS.
131-133 N. Central Successors to Babbitt-Poison Co. Phone 4299
NO RDY K.E. MARMON COMPANY, INDIANAPOLIS

How to design seats wide and deep and yet build a body exceptionally low.
How to attain almost perfect balance and eliminate numerous secondary parts.
They charted the way to great speed and power over a course of small fuel and tire consumption. In ways like these through the Marmon 34 the world has received the accepted guide to scientific construction. And the public has, in recognition, awarded this car the place of preferment.

To learn the joys of motoring as motoring can be done today, see the Marmon at the show, know the Marmon on the road.

Judge George R. Davis of Los Angeles, for eight years a member of the supreme court of Arizona representing the first judicial district, residing at Tucson, is in the city on legal business connected with the settlement of the estate of Mrs. Webster Street.

At the conclusion of his term on the Arizona bench, Judge Davis went to Los Angeles, where he engaged in the practice of law. Not long after that he served on the superior bench of Los Angeles county.

OIL CONTROL IS ASSUMED BY THE GOVERNMENT MEN

(Continued from Page One)

consumers already were excepted under previous exemptions. This exemption includes not only users of fuel oils, but also consumers of all petroleum and petroleum products.

After reviewing the food control act, under which the proclamation is issued, the president's order sets forth:
"Whereas, it is not possible to move promptly our abundant supplies of fuel oil by reason of the traffic congestion on our railroads and the transfer to trans-Atlantic service of a large number of tank steamers ordinarily engaged in coastwise trade, and it therefore seems desirable that a plan of control be made effective in case the distributing companies are unable to transport as requested fuel oil to all consumers now being served.

"Now, therefore, hereby find and determine and by this proclamation do announce that it is essential in order to carry into effect the purposes of said act, to license the importation, manufacture, storage and distribution of fuel oil to the extent hereinafter specified. All persons, firms and associations engaged in the business of both manufacturing and distributing fuel oil, including gas oil, whose gross sales amount to more than 100,000 barrels per annum, are hereby requested to secure on or before February 11, 1918, a license, which license shall be issued under such rules and regulations governing the conduct of the business as may be prescribed."

Are Short on Tankers
Nearly one-half the fleet of oil tankers which have brought oil from Mexico to the United States have been withdrawn from the service, it was said tonight, to supply the American and allied navies. This has depleted the oil supply in the United States to a considerable extent, and has created a serious situation in the east. In the west, too, especially in California, consumption is outstripping production.

In supplying orders on the preferential list producers and distributors, if their stocks are not large enough to fill all orders, will cut off consumers beginning at the bottom of the list, until their orders and stocks balance.

An explanatory statement issued tonight by the fuel administration said:
"These rules and regulations are promulgated by the president for the purpose of assuring an adequate supply and equitable distribution of fuel oil, for purposes vitally essential to the national security and defense and in the successful prosecution of the war. The shortage in the amount of fuel oil which can be delivered, because of transportation conditions, is such that it is clearly a wasteful and unreasonable practice to deliver such fuel oil for uses which are not intimately and directly connected with the prosecution of the war. The shortage in the amount of fuel oil which can be delivered, because of transportation conditions, is such that it is clearly a wasteful and unreasonable practice to deliver such fuel oil for uses which are not intimately and directly connected with the prosecution of the war.

Direction of Administrator
"The licensee proceeding in the distribution of fuel oil in that part of the United States east of the Rocky Mountains shall not, without the consent of the fuel administration, make any deliveries of fuel oil to any customer of any one of the classes mentioned here shall have delivered to customers of every class designated higher on the list with whom he may have a contract under which deliveries shall then be due upon contract. Preferences as between members of the same class may be made only with the consent and under the direction of the fuel administration.

"When there is sufficient oil for all this priority list of course will not be operative. There now is ample oil for all needs but there is not sufficient transportation available to carry it from producer to consumer.

BOLO PASHA SAYS HE IS NO TRAITOR AT TREASON TRIAL

(Continued from Page One)

repayment of a loan made to the khedive in 1914. Bolo asserted that he obtained the abdication of Abbas Hilmi and declared that he used all his influence to have the former khedive exert his energies in the interest of the country.

Bolo's testimony of his stay in Switzerland had not been completed when court adjourned for the day.

Court Room Is Crowded
The courtroom was crowded when Bolo appeared, but the assembly was made up principally of witnesses or interested parties and the public was excluded so far as was possible. Bolo was accompanied by his lawyer, William Hafnahn, and listened stolidly and unmoved to the reading of the indictment, which charged him with having maintained communication with the enemy and with treason. A conspicuous figure in the courtroom was Madame Bolo, who was surrounded by a number of friends who will testify during the proceedings.

As soon as the indictment had been read, Bolo's counsel moved for an adjournment, taking the ground that certain witnesses would be unable to appear for him. The state announced that Madame Caillaux, wife of former premier Joseph Caillaux, whose name has been mentioned prominently in connection with that of Bolo Pasha, was too ill to come into court, but that M. Caillaux would be brought before the court from his cell in Sante prison whenever he was wanted.

Third Defendant "Absent"
The third defendant, Filippo Cavallini, was absent, owing to the fact that he is under arrest in Italy.

The indictment charges Bolo Pasha with having maintained communication with the enemy, in Switzerland in 1915 and in Paris the same year, when he received German money from Cavallini to further the pacifist movement; in the United States in 1916 for having received through Adolph Pavenstedt, once head of a New York banking house, and the Deutsche Bank, German money to influence the French newspapers, and for advancing money to the director of the Paris Journal.

Broad smiles passed over the faces of those in the courtroom when Pavenstedt, the secretary of the former khedive of Egypt, Abbas Hilmi, and the latter's minister, Youssuf Sadiq Pasha, were called as witnesses, and their absence from the courtroom formally noted.

Demand an Adjournment
Bolo's counsel in demanding the adjournment said many witnesses for the defendant as well as some of his accusers, were in entente allied or neutral countries, but their presence was possible by extradition or otherwise. He mentioned particularly M. Pig-natel, director of the Royal Bank of Canada, and Pavenstedt, one of Bolo's chief accusers. He said it would be easy to secure the testimony of Pavenstedt because he was interned in the United States and could be extradited without difficulty.

The state replied that telegrams had been addressed to each of the witnesses but that none of them had answered. The state's counsel added that Pavenstedt, the former khedive and Youssuf Sadiq Pasha could appear only in the role of accusers, which would be unnecessary as the state was in possession of sufficient evidence.

Go-Between Is Interned -
NEW YORK, Feb. 4. Adolph Pavenstedt, banker, intimate friend of Count von Bernstorff, and the go-between when Bolo Pasha visited this country in 1916 to cooperate with the German ambassador in an attempt to subsidize the French press, was one of three enemy aliens transferred today from Ellis Island to the internment camp at Fort Oglethorpe, Ga.

Another was Frederick J. Heuser, Yonkers confectioner, who gained notoriety which led to his arrest by manufacturing candy in the shape of iron crosses, spiked helmets and other distinctly German designs and by putting the German flag on cakes.

The third man was Nicola Alfetic, an Austrian, who was caught loitering in police investigation.

The Fay Way Butter Store possesses individuality. Its neatness, cleanliness and the efforts made to serve the public, make it one of the most popular stores of its kind in Phoenix. Everything is fresh, the cream that the cow gives today is churned tomorrow, the milk is direct from the ranch, butter is made before your eyes.

Of course you can purchase the best cottage cheese, buttermilk, and cream for we handle nothing but the freshest dairy products.

Large coolers are constantly employed to keep everything fresh and the equipment is thoroughly sanitary, in fact you could not find a better place to trade.

6 West Washington and 2 North Central Avenue
The Fay Way Basement Lunch Room is very attractive and especially cool in the summer time. All dairy products are served making a specialty of sweet milk, buttermilk, sandwiches, soups and salads, cottage cheese, pastries.

YOU WILL LIKE OUR SERVICE.
In no way connected with any other Creamery, Butter Store, or Lunch in Phoenix

Basement Lunch Room

Communication with the enemy and with treason. A conspicuous figure in the courtroom was Madame Bolo, who was surrounded by a number of friends who will testify during the proceedings. As soon as the indictment had been read, Bolo's counsel moved for an adjournment, taking the ground that certain witnesses would be unable to appear for him. The state announced that Madame Caillaux, wife of former premier Joseph Caillaux, whose name has been mentioned prominently in connection with that of Bolo Pasha, was too ill to come into court, but that M. Caillaux would be brought before the court from his cell in Sante prison whenever he was wanted.

Third Defendant "Absent"
The third defendant, Filippo Cavallini, was absent, owing to the fact that he is under arrest in Italy.

The indictment charges Bolo Pasha with having maintained communication with the enemy, in Switzerland in 1915 and in Paris the same year, when he received German money from Cavallini to further the pacifist movement; in the United States in 1916 for having received through Adolph Pavenstedt, once head of a New York banking house, and the Deutsche Bank, German money to influence the French newspapers, and for advancing money to the director of the Paris Journal.

Broad smiles passed over the faces of those in the courtroom when Pavenstedt, the secretary of the former khedive of Egypt, Abbas Hilmi, and the latter's minister, Youssuf Sadiq Pasha, were called as witnesses, and their absence from the courtroom formally noted.

Demand an Adjournment
Bolo's counsel in demanding the adjournment said many witnesses for the defendant as well as some of his accusers, were in entente allied or neutral countries, but their presence was possible by extradition or otherwise. He mentioned particularly M. Pig-natel, director of the Royal Bank of Canada, and Pavenstedt, one of Bolo's chief accusers. He said it would be easy to secure the testimony of Pavenstedt because he was interned in the United States and could be extradited without difficulty.

The state replied that telegrams had been addressed to each of the witnesses but that none of them had answered. The state's counsel added that Pavenstedt, the former khedive and Youssuf Sadiq Pasha could appear only in the role of accusers, which would be unnecessary as the state was in possession of sufficient evidence.

Go-Between Is Interned -
NEW YORK, Feb. 4. Adolph Pavenstedt, banker, intimate friend of Count von Bernstorff, and the go-between when Bolo Pasha visited this country in 1916 to cooperate with the German ambassador in an attempt to subsidize the French press, was one of three enemy aliens transferred today from Ellis Island to the internment camp at Fort Oglethorpe, Ga.

Another was Frederick J. Heuser, Yonkers confectioner, who gained notoriety which led to his arrest by manufacturing candy in the shape of iron crosses, spiked helmets and other distinctly German designs and by putting the German flag on cakes.

The third man was Nicola Alfetic, an Austrian, who was caught loitering in police investigation.