THE ARIZONA REPUBLIC: SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 23, 1902.

MINES AND MINERALS OF ARIZONA

PALACE OF MINES
To Be Erected At the St. Louis World's Fair.
The report received this week from St. Louis states that the department of mines and metallurgy has been about the busiest spot around the world's fair headquarters during the past two weeks, the clerical force being engaged in mailing circular No. 1 of the department. In this circular Dr. David T. Day, chief of the department, says: "Greater prominence has been given to the department of mines and metallurgy at this exposition than ever before. The palace of mines and metallurgy will be larger and more elaborate in its arrangements than any similar structure ever devoted to this subject. On its walls will be pictured the world's mineral production. On its floor will be grouped the materials illustrative of the world's mineral wealth. This exhibit will be supplemented on the one hand by the processes of mining and metallurgy, by which these raw materials are made useful; and on the other hand these minerals will be associated with the geological conditions by which they have been accumulated in useful deposits, in so far as it is possible to illustrate such phenomena in an exposition. You are invited to become an exhibitor in the department of mines and metallurgy, and your estimate of the space which you will require should be submitted promptly.

"Your formal application for space should be forwarded, as provided for in the rules. What the exposition officials wish to know is (1) whether you will be an exhibitor; (2) the nature and extent of the exhibit you may wish to make; and (3) the general character and amount of space you will need for such exhibit.

"Persons in the United States desiring to make mineral and ore exhibits should correspond with the official exposition commission appointed in their own state.

"Other circulars, to be sent at an early date, will contain information and suggestions relative to the collection, preparation, transportation and installation of exhibits in this department. The exhibits to be made at the exposition have for purposes of convenient installation and review been classified under fifteen departments, each of which has again been subdivided into a number of groups and classes. The subjects embraced in the department of mines and metallurgy have been subdivided under five groups, as follows: Working of mines and quarries, ores and minerals, working plans for mines and quarries, mining literature, and metallurgy."

DETROIT COPPER COMPANY
Description of Concentrating Plant At Morenci, Arizona.
The Detroit Copper Company, concentrator, illustrated on the front page, handled 513 tons of ore per day during the month of December. It is provided with crushers, screens, jigs, Chilean mills and various types of concentrating tables. All this machinery is operated by five gas engines of English make. The ores concentrated are sulphides, 73 per cent of the product being saved by the jigs. By means of classifiers, settlers and tables a specialty is made of the slimes. About 8,000 gallons of fresh water per minute are taken into the mill and about 11,000 gallons are constantly in circulation. The system devised by Superintendent S. K. Hunt for settling the slimes, clarifying the water and pumping the latter back to the head of the mill for redistribution is one of the most interesting features of the work. Every gallon of the mill water, with the slimes it carries, passes through one of Mr. Hunt's automatic samplers on its way to the last settling tanks. Results, it is claimed, show the final tailings to contain about eight-tenths of 1 per cent copper. The system of settling and clarifying is so perfect that the returning water is tolerably clear. The mill operates in two sections, either one of which may be run independently of the other. It is stated that this mill effects an 85 per cent saving of the copper values, concentrating about seven tons to one ton.

At the smelting plant of the Detroit company there are five furnaces, which discharge direct to the converters. The furnace blowers are run by electric motors and they in turn by two Westinghouse vertical gas engines. The converter blast is supplied by a steam-operated air compressor. Correspondence Mining and Scientific Press.

CANANEA CONSOLIDATED
President W. C. Greene Talks of the Present and Future.
"The company has plans made to take out of its mines fully 3,600,000 tons of copper in the next fifty years. We have enough 8 per cent ore in sight to do this."

W. C. Greene, president of the Cananea Consolidated Copper Company, made the above statement at Cananea, Mex., Wednesday afternoon, says the Bisbee Review. Continuing he said: "During the past year the company has spent about $740,000 in making extensive improvements in the way of smelters and equipment. The coming year will not see more than $50,000 spent above what it will take to meet the necessary running expenses. All of our improvements are practically completed.

"Last month our ore ran 11 per cent copper, which is exclusive of everything else in the way of mineral. In all of our deductions we figure on an 8 per cent basis, though the ore will average above this from 1 to 2 per cent.

"At present we are smelting about 1,400 tons of ore a day, and by the first of June the capacity will be increased to 2,500 tons every twenty-four hours. Our two smelters are the largest in the world.

"From the first of May the company will be more prosperous than it has ever been in the past. We have mapped out a plan for operating this immense property that will certainly result in great profit to all interested in any way in the company. Expert mining men will have authority in the different branches of the plant and mines."

Mr. Greene was next asked if he thought the independent copper companies would unite for the purpose of making a stand against the Amalgamated people, he replied: "As far as I know, the independent companies will not attempt to do anything more than to convince the Amalgamated company that copper should be quoted at a good price and kept there without serious fluctuations.

"The demand for copper at this time is greater than it ever has been before, and the drop is not caused by the supply being greater than the demand. This has no stronger foundation than the imagination of some people. The present price of copper is not caused by any law of trade, but by shrewd manipulation.

"I think a fair price for copper, that will be as just to the buyer as to the producer is 16 cents per pound. At this figure the producer can reap a profit, and the buyer not be forced to suffer any hardship.

"I expect to see the copper people get together before long and come to some kind of an agreement that will result in the price per pound going up not less than 2 cents, and possibly more. The present conditions of things is by no means permanent."

When asked if he thought there was a probability of the Cananea railroad being extended to Guaymas, the copper king said: "That is something a long way in the future. I am sure it will be done some day, though nobody is working at the matter very hard just now. The road when built will run to the coal fields near Guaymas, and then on to that place. It would mean another line to the Orient."

One of the most emphatic things Mr. Greene said was as follows: "I will not be a candidate for the senate in case Arizona is made a state. This is certain and I mean it. I have too much business on my hands to give any time to politics. I would lose money by it."

Mr. and Mrs. Greene are at Cananea for a month. They are stopping in their private car and not in their recently completed residence as many thought they would. From early morning until late at night Mr. Greene is busy inspecting some part of the workings of the big copper property.

LEVIATHAN CO. PROPERTY
As Seen by a "Well Known Mining Correspondent." Congress Junction, March 22. To the Editor of The Republican: Sir: Having visited the Leviathan Company's mines, situated in Weaver district, I wish to say that I found what appears to be a wonderful mineralized dyke extending for miles northeast and southwest, and varying in width from 10 feet to 60 feet wide on this company's claim. That the deposit is secondary formation is a certainty, being "ryolite or quartz trachyte," and filled with fissures to be seen both at the surface and in the workings done on the property; all fissures filled with mineral and emanating from the one great fissure, through which the immense dyke or deposit reached the surface. Furthermore the ore taken from the workings shows undoubtedly signs of tellurian ore. I would recommend that the most rigorous tests be made for this mineral. Upon learning some of the assays taken from the workings, I am more convinced that this will be a high grade ore deposit, when sufficient depth has been obtained, as the indications found here are much the same as those upon which the great mines have been made in Colorado and Cripple Creek.

A predominance of quartz is found throughout this deposit, and I am told it all carries good values in gold and in connection with the sulphides found proves permanency of values. I believe any amount of money spent in developing and exploring this great ore body could be spent as an investment that would bring, if handled properly, great returns to the investors, for in no place else have I seen this peculiar character of ore in such great bodies. Reasonable assurance may be had that this property will at no late day become valuable as a producing mine. The success of this company has been remarkable. The organization is perfect, and every member of the corporation is working to a single end, and all indications point to a substantial and practically inexhaustible mine. I had heard a great many reports concerning the magnitude of the deposit, and was anxious to make personal inspection, and can say that reports given were but a meagre description of the property. Mr. F. M. Czarnowski is the active manager, and in selecting a man who has had charge of many paying mines throughout the west, shows a wisdom and discretion worthy of commendation and success.

The company fully expect to have a one hundred ton reduction works installed and in operation by the first day of September, 1902, and I see no reason why their expectations should not be realized.

I was informed by an official of the company that offers of purchase had been received by the company, none of which had been entertained. The success of this enterprise means a vast deal to the commercial interests of your city and Arizona.

ALFRED R. NOXON.

THE WALNUT GROVE DAM.
Hon. H. D. Ross has returned from a professional visit to the Walnut Grove section of country. During a conversation with him a Prescott Courier reporter gathered the following neighborhood notes: Hon. A. A. Moore is laid up with la grippe. The Cuban fever has put Colonel Brodie to bed again. Peach trees are in bloom and farmers have broken ground for putting in crops. The country is rather dry, and the flow of water in the Hassayampa is small. Neighborhood talk is that the great Walnut Grove dam is to be rebuilt and that work on the same will be started next May. Patrick Stanley has done some stone work on the foundation of the dam. All the work done is permanent and will be available when the dam is rebuilt.

Work has been done year by year on the dam. Mr. Burkshall has stopped mining his steam shovel on the gravel banks and beds, because the farmers are in need of the water for irrigation. It is reported that the steam shovel made a most satisfactory and successful run.

MIXING NEWS FROM FORT THOMAS.

Captain Thomas McKniry closed a mining deal this week with W. H. Albritton, James Surrol and Pen Cooper. Fourteen claims are included in the sale. The terms and price were not given out. The captain says he will put a large force of men to work in a few days to develop this property.

It is reported that M. J. Hurley will return from the east by the last of this month with a party of mining men, and that work will start up again at St. Joseph about the 10th of April. There is a rumor here in town that there will be a reduction plant erected in Fort Thomas in the near future, to treat ores from the mines tributary to this place. This will be a desirable location on account of being the railroad station to the Clark district, the Montezuma district, the Trumbull district and the Spenazuma district.

BULLETIN.

MINING NOTES.
A gentleman who came in today from Mineral Point district says that the country has been located for oil for a distance of twelve miles in length by five or six and in some places ten miles in width. The belt on which the oil indications are found can be traced for a distance of twelve miles in length and varies in width from one and a half to three miles. Journal-Miner.

Solon Marker has hauled lumber out to Jasper Phillips' mine, Hassayampa district, for the construction of the boarding house. He reports that the people who have this property bonded have a force of men at work driving a tunnel.

At the office of the Merchants' Mining Company, in the rear of Ed Block's store, can be seen some very rich ore from the bottom of the 220-foot shaft on the First Home mine, one of a group of claims owned by that company, says the Courier. This ore is from the richer streak in the five-foot ore body, and carries values of about $75 a ton gold, silver and lead. There are also on exhibition samples of ore from other claims of the group, all of which show fine metal values. The Merchants' Mining Company has recently purchased the Frankie claim, an extension of the First Home. This gives the company a group of six claims and the company is negotiating for the purchase of other adjacent properties.

Captain Polhamus returned Friday night from Needles. He will have his steamer Cochan here by the 1st of April to run from Yuma to Picacho, transporting machinery and other freight for the California King Gold Mines Company. Yuma Sentinel.

G. W. Crowe, manager of the Columbia smelter at Patagonia, was here yesterday in consultation with railroad officials. The smelter, which has been idle four years, is expected to be in operation shortly. Star.

S. C. Bragg was up from Pyramid Tuesday. He expects to start up the Sheeptrail mill shortly on a trial run with about 100 tons of ore from the New Conistock. Kingman Arrow.

Reports come in from Gold Road that grading has already commenced for the company's new mill soon to be erected. There is ore enough in sight and out to keep a big plant running for years to come. Arrow.

Manuel Martinez, Leopoldi Martinez and Y. Subaite have just completed a 110-foot contract on one of Ben Blanchard's mines near Planet. The price paid was $12.50 a foot on the contract, after paying expenses. The time consumed in the work was something over thirty days. Kingman Arrow.

GOVERNMENT AGAINST HIM.
Andrew Lanser was arrested and brought to town on a charge of intercepting United States mail at White Hills on or about January 20 of this year. His preliminary hearing comes before United States Commissioner Blakely on Saturday of this week. Arizona Arrow.

WILL BUILD PIPE LINE.
It is reported that the Copper Queen Company have placed an order for enough pipe to reach from their well in the Bush draw, near Naco, to Bisbee, says the Review. For some time past the company has had a force of men at work on this well. The small pump which was first installed was insufficient to lower the supply of water encountered at a small depth, and the men were compelled to quit work. A larger pump, which had been used in sinking the railroad well at Douglas, was secured and was put to work, but failed to diminish the supply of water.

It has been fully demonstrated that the supply is sufficient, and in July it will be putting in the pipe line. The putting in of this pipe line will necessitate the installation of a powerful pumping plant in order to force the water to the tanks above the smelter. A tank will also be placed at Don Luis for the use of the locomotives on the railroad, and save the present trouble of having to run into this city for water as is now a frequent occurrence.

Headache often results from a disordered condition of the stomach and constipation of the bowels. A dose or two of Chamberlain's Stomach and Liver Tablets will correct these disorders and cure the headache. Sold by Fivey & Hullert.

KINGHTY YEARS AGO.
From an old journal that was kept in Oswego it would appear that it cost the citizens something to live in those days. Anthracite coal was unknown, and for illuminating purposes candles and whale oil were used. Sail in those days was as much a necessity as now, but it cost $1.23 per bushel or $5.38 per barrel. Whiskey was worth $1 a gallon; rum, $2.75 per gallon; tea, $2 a pound; corn, $1 a bushel; tobacco, 6 cents a pound; sugar, 20 cents per pound; loaf sugar, 30 cents a pound; cambric, $1 a yard; dimity, $1 per yard; molasses, $1.44 per gallon; raisins, 50 cents per pound; shirting, 35 cents per yard; potatoes, 44 cents per bushel; rye and wheat, $1.50 per bushel; red flannel, 35 cents per yard; oil, $1 per gallon. Oswego Palladium.

INTENSE SUFFERING
From Dyspepsia and Stomach Trouble Instantly Relieved and Permanently Cured by Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.

A New Discovery, But Not a Patent Medicine.

Dr. Redwell relates an interesting account of what he considers a remarkable case of acute stomach trouble and chronic dyspepsia by the use of the new discovery, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.

He says: "The patient was a man who had suffered, to my knowledge, for years with dyspepsia. Everything he ate seemed to sour and create gases in his stomach. He had pains like rheumatism in the back, shoulder blades and limbs, fullness and distress after eating, poor appetite and loss of flesh; the heart became affected, causing palpitation and sleeplessness at night.

"I gave him powerful nerve tonics and blood remedies, but to no purpose. As an experiment I finally bought a 50 cent package of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets at a drug store and gave them to him. Almost immediate relief was given, and after he had used four boxes he was to all appearances fully cured.

"There was no more acidity, or sour watery risings, no bloating after meals, the appetite was vigorous and he had gained between 10 and 12 pounds in weight of solid, healthy flesh.

"Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are advertised and sold in drug stores, yet I consider them a most valuable addition to any physician's line of remedies, as they are perfectly harmless and can be given to children or invalids or in any condition of the stomach with perfect safety, being harmless and containing nothing but fruit and vegetable essences, pure pepsin and Golden Seal.

"Without any question they are the safest, most effective cure for indigestion, biliousness, constipation and all derangements of the stomach, however slight or severe."

PHOENIX FOUNDRY
& MACHINE WORKS
Machinery, Supplies, Castings, Repairs, Etc., Etc.
25 to 33 North Second Street
PHOENIX, ARIZ.

For the Best Light
COPYSIGHT
Illuminating gas as supplied by the Phoenix Light and Fuel Co., is the most economical, therefore the cheapest, with the Welsbach lamp. It is economical because it supplies a light that is soft and pleasant to the eye, thereby saving eyesight. Also because its diffusing power is greater than any other medium. It is also under entire control of the consumer and can be raised or lowered at will.

We organize, finance and float all kinds of legitimate enterprises. We advertise stock companies, mining, land, and find and interest capital in these undertakings. We underwrite and guarantee dividends on all first-class stocks. We have a legal and an advisory department that it may be to your interest and benefit to consult. We are in the market for first-class mining properties, gold, silver or copper. Submit your proposition.

Pioneer Investment & Trust Co.
(Incorporated)
Oil Loughlin Bldg. Telephone Los Angeles, Cal. John 3166

Safe
ON APRIL FIRST
our stock will be consolidated with that of Pratt, Gilbert & Co. Until that time we will offer special inducements to purchasers, as our stock must be reduced by that time. Come to see us once.

Lawrence & Clarke
Vehicle Co.

PHOENIX BAKERY
AND CONFECTIONERY
Is Your Bread a feather, flaky, sweet, palatable? Is it wholesome, nourishing, strengthening? It will be all of these and more, too, if you get it from the Phoenix Bakery and Confectionery. Ed. Eisele, Proprietor. Established 1891. Phone 891.

CASTLE CREEK
Hot Springs.
YAVAPAI COUNTY, ARIZ.
"Season of use 1902 now open; New buildings just completed; More rooms with baths; all rooms heated by hot water system when required; electric lighting of buildings and grounds. High standard of excellence in all features strictly maintained. Descriptive pamphlet on application to L. H. Landis, Pass. Agt. S. F. P. & P. R'y Co., Phoenix Arizona, or to C. M. Colhouer, Mgr. Hot Springs, Ariz.

Cold Air Storage Market
S. J. TRIBOLET, Prop.
114-116 E. Washington St., Opposite City Hall
Telephone 01.
Just received from Kansas City a shipment of choicest Beef Loins and Tenderloins. Buy your meats at my market and you will be satisfied. New arrivals in DELICACIES. Holland Dill Herring, 5c. each. Holland Herring (spiced), 5c. each. Pickled Herring in Wine Sauce, 3 for 25c. Smoked Herring, 10c. dozen. Smoked Bucklings, 5c apiece. Shore Mackerel, 2 for 25c. Salmon Belly, 13c lb. Smoked Salmon, 40c. lb. Smoked Sturgeon, 40c. lb. Smoked Eel, 40c lb. Smoked Halibut Chunks, 25c per lb. Smoked Goosebreast, Imported and Domestic Cheese, Pickles in bulk. Anchovies, Pickled Sardines, Fresh Fish, Oysters in bulk and in cans, etc. etc.

For a Limited Time
(to reduce our large stock) we will sell, for CASH ONLY, SADDLE OR HARNESS in stock for LESS THAN THE REGULAR PRICE. These goods are of good mechanics of material. Intending purchasers should see us before buying, as this is a rare opportunity to get this class of goods at these special prices, which will be continued for only a short time.

Second-Hand Single Buggy Harness

FOR HOUSE CLEANING AND DISH WASHING
Just suits this water. Valuable presents given away. Coupon in every package. ASK YOUR GROCER FOR IT.

BUCKEYE STAGE
Leaves Commercial Corral At 7:00 a.m. Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. From $5 to $10.

GOLD CROWNS $5.00
BRIDGE WORK, per tooth $5.00
ALL WORK GUARANTEED

R. E. HOLBROOK,
DENTIST

The only Exclusive Millinery Store in the place. The only place to get the Goods and Style.
THE SCOFIELD MILLINERY PARLORS
209-211 EAST WASHINGTON STREET

WALNUT & UNDERTAKERS
MRS. H. S. DALSON, Lady Attendant

English Kitchen Restaurant
Tom Co. Props. 2527 N. First Street
We keep our Kitchen in the cleanest possible condition and all chef cooking is done by "Tom," formerly cook at Hotel Adams and the Sixth Avenue. Now open. The ENGLISH KITCHEN parlor for exclusive serving of everything cold. China dish service. Adjoining restaurant.

The California Restaurant
MEALS SERVED AT ALL HOURS. Strictly First Class. Quick Service. Regular Dinner on Sunday. 35 North First Avenue Phoenix, Arizona.

Capital Harness Shop
OSCAR R. LECHLER, Proprietor
Opposite Post Office
Repairing Promptly Attended To. Satisfaction Guaranteed

Powder, Gassing
Has No Equal!
Barron Pitll The oldest in the city. Enjoys the best standing with tradesmen, buys everything at spot cash price and gives the best 25 cent. meal. Private rooms for families. Tickets, $4.50. Single Meals, 25 cents.

TUCK, HING & CO.
22-24 E. Wash. St., East of Jacobs & Co.

For a Set of Teeth
Irvine Block, 2nd Stairs
Over. Charles Donofrio

WASHINGTON
H. BRISLEY, C. A. LARSON.
When sickness comes or accident endangers life or limb, only the best and purest medicines should be used. The Brisley Drug Co. is by universal consent named as the most reliable for furnishing the best drugs and chemicals and sick room appliances and essentials. Prescriptions always filled with absolute accuracy. Brisley Drug Co. Open all night. Hotel Adams. TELEPHONE 791.

Embalmers

Iron Works
General agents for Engines, Boilers and Pumps. Manufacturers of Mining and Milling Machinery, Semi-Steel Shoes and Dies, Iron, Brass and Phosphorus Bronze Castings, Shafting, Pulleys, Hangers, Boxes and General Machinery Supplies. Second-Hand Machinery bought and sold. P. O. Box 458. Long Distance Phone 571. PHOENIX, ARIZ.