THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: WEDNESDAY MORNING, JULY 3, 1901.

o
The Arizona Republican
A Weak Stomach
The sultan of Turkey is one of his most enthusiastic chess-players in Europe. He will play for hours without intermission, and will not allow any matter of state to interfere with the game in which at the time he is engaged. That's why the payment of our claim has been so long delayed.
will upset every organ in your body. If you are constipated, bilious, nervous, sleepless or easily fatigued, try Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It quiets the nerves, improves the appetite and makes rich, pure blood. It cures all forms of stomach disorder, such as indigestion, constipation, and dyspepsia. It has been doing this for the past fifty years. A fair trial will convince you.
Be sure Hostetter's you get Stomach the genuine Bitters

O. W. VICKERS General Manager
S. M. McCOWAN Managing-Editor
HARVEY J. LEE....Business Manager
J. V. SPEAKS Associate Editor

When a summer wheat harvest has to be harvested, everything else in comes proportionary, and it's all shoulders to the wheel. From Lyons, for instance, comes the report that merchants have closed their stores and taken their clerks to help the farmers.

4 -- u3

k

The Arizona Publishing Company
Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press in Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes in Arizona. Publication office: 36-38 East Adams street. Telephone No. 471.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix, Arizona, as mail matter of the second class.
u.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year $9.00
Weekly, one year $2.00
Cash in advance.
BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month .76
TERRITORIAL OFFICIALS
Governor.. N. O. Murphy

Territorial Secretary T. T. Rynddett
Territorial Treasurer T. W. Pemberton
Territorial Auditor C. W. Vickers
Supt. of Public Instruction H. L. Long
Chief Justice Webster Street
Associate Justices
K. K. Sloan, George K. Davis, R. M. Poan
Attorney General C. F. Altmoth

PHOENIX, ARIZONA. JULY 3, 1901.
Don't leave the city for mountain or beach without having The Republican accompany you. You will be lonesome without it.
When we consider the domestic sugar interests of this country we are apt to think only of the Louisiana planters of sugar cane and the western beet. Together with the infant prodigy of the "sugar trust." But is there a strip of country in Georgia and Florida capable of furnishing us with all the saccharine substance that we can ever want, in defiance of all competition, tropical or otherwise, and make countervailing or other duties look ridiculous?
We are presented with a vision to that effect, which would seem like a product of the imagination if it were not conjured up in all seriousness by a Georgia judge, the Hon. Joseph Tillman, and set forth in such a sober publication as the "Manufacturers' Record." According to Judge Tillman, in the favored region of which he tells us, sugar cane can be cultivated and its product made ready for the market at less cost than any other crop, and so prolific is the plant and so rich the juice, that the yield will be worth at a moderate computation $150 per acre of land cultivated. There is nothing in insects to compare with this, and Louisiana, with its "sugar content" for cane of 11 per cent against 23.8 in southern Georgia and Florida, falls into the background, and even the West Indies are threatened with eclipse.
But Judge Tillman's dazzling figures do not stop with a 23.8 per cent, "content," "600 gallons of dense syrup" and $150 in crop return per acre. He says that "this country," whereby he seems to mean the particular region upon which he descants, "can and will" make up our whole deficit of sugar supply and "export to other countries within the next decade not less than $50,000,000 worth." He says that the average consumption of sugar in the United States is 50 pounds per head per annum, or 5,025,000,000 pounds in all, opting at five cents a pound.

SUCH A CHANGE.
"Not only in feelings but in looks. The skin is clear, the eyes are bright, the cheeks are plump. No more pain and misery, no more sick heartache, no more jaundice. What worked the change? Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, which cured the disease of the stomach that prevented proper nutrition, and also cleansed the clogged and sluggish liver.
"Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery cures diseases of the stomach and other organs of digestion and nutrition. It cures diseases of lungs, heart, liver, and other organs which become remote from the stomach because many of these diseases have their cause in a diseased condition of the stomach involving the allied organs of digestion and nutrition.
"About a year ago," writes Mrs. L. Hill Hamilton, of Farrington, Marion Co., West Va., "I stated my case as plainly as I could, and received a letter from you in a few days, telling me to come Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and 'Favorite Prescription' a bottle of each. I used three of each, and feel like a new woman. Don't suffer any pain or misery any more. Before using your medicine I suffered all the time; had jaundice, caused from food not digesting properly. I would have sick headache three and four times in a week. Could not do the work myself. I commenced using your medicine as recommended for liver complaint and think I am cured now. I asked my doctor if he couldn't cure me, and he said he could give me medicine to help me, but the trouble might return any time. I doctored three years without any better. Haven't had sick headache since I took the first bottle of your medicine."
Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure constipation.

UNION (by?) $251,150,000. "All of this vast sum can and will be stopped in America, and it is only a question of a short while when it will be done."
In view of this prospect, how trivial seem all contentions about bounties and countervailing duties! Is the fool judge dreaming, or, will Georgia and Florida flow with "dense syrup," and solve all sugar problems in an irresistible flood of sweetness?

There was never worse in this country such a wide scourge of heat as his predecessors of yesterday chronicle. It extends all over the country. It is not in the nature of a wave, but has settled down upon the whole United States like a great smothering blanket. The death rate is appalling, and tonight millions are praying for rain, or that the stifling atmosphere may be rent and torn apart by lightning flashes. Nearly all the fatalities reported have occurred north of the Ohio river. Minneapolis, a far north town city, has contributed liberally to the death roll.
Those who have always lived in the mountain or inter-mountain region of the western United States can form no adequate idea of the extent of the suffering caused in the eastern cities by heat. Prostrations used to be called sunstrokes, though, as a matter of fact, death has always been less frequent in the sun than in the shade. A scorching night is really more dangerous than the burning day; it is in the night time that mothers sit by their stricken children, and watchers wait by the aged and weak praying that they may "be kept alive until the faint morning breeze shall bring relief and strength" against another day and then perhaps there will be a falling temperature. The powerless struggle against heat is reminiscent of the dreadful sufferings of the inhabitants of the Dutch cities surrounded by the armies of Spain and invaded by famine and disease.
Southern Arizona has the reputation of being one of the hottest regions in the United States, and Phoenix, Tucson and Yuma are made to vie with each other for the heat record. Yet there is no recorded instance of actual suffering from heat in any one of these places. A half dozen men have died in Phoenix within the last nine years apparently of heat prostration, but without a single exception the victims had been indulging in a debauch covering periods varying from two days to two weeks. But for the heat some of them might have recovered from the debauch and but for the debauch their lives would have been in no peril. The death of no woman or child in Phoenix has ever been traceable to heat. The days of the weakest invalid have never been shortened an instant by it.
So heat in Phoenix is merely an annoyance and not a menace. It makes men sit around and cuss and so it puts their immortal souls in jeopardy.
Amity between the United States and Germany may perhaps be promoted by the action of Harvard university in conferring the degree of doctor of laws upon the German ambassador. Conspicuous honor was shown to him: his official rank was regarded next to that of the governor of the commonwealth, he was complimented by the Latin orator, and he was cheered by the audience. Such international episodes are more common when Englishmen are the objects of them. But there is more need of good feeling for Germans now than for any other foreigners.
Now comes the car famine. Whenever a big western wheat crop is to be hauled, the car famine puts in its appearance. The western lines are repairing old cars and collecting everything that will carry grain. In previous years they could borrow from eastern railroads during the grain rush, but this year the eastern roads have none to spare themselves.
A tug's crew in New York harbor found a big German swimming in the East river. On being questioned the swimmer said he was an explorer and was going to swim to the pole. They thought it was their duty to rescue the man against his vehement protest, and he was finally put in an asylum where they wrote "acute mania" opposite his name.
For some days the treasury officials will watch with anxiety the returns from the internal revenue offices. The margin of receipts over expenditures for all departments of the government has for weeks been small, and the same ratio of income less the deductions for cancelled taxes will pare the yearly surplus down very thin.
Mr. Bryan, who has been lecturing on "Civilization" in New York state, is a victim of the civilization he repudiates—paternalism and demagogy.
It is the season for thunder storms. No wonder so many would-be presidents have their lightning rods in good working order.
Railroads use petroleum to lay the dust. Texans are using it to "muzzle the dust."
The international salt jet may be looking for the bill of the American eagle.
The new third party needs to establish a few recruiting stations.

IMPRUDENCE.
A pretty little woman seeking a divorce was questioned by Judge Simons in the district court at Fort Scott, and she said: "I'm not arranging to get married again; I have no steady company, and I have no one in view."
"Don't you think that rather imprudent?" asked Judge Simons. Kansas City Journal.

NOT THAT KIND.
Three different waiters at hotel asked a prim, precise little man at dinner if he would have soup. A little annoyed, he said to the last waiter who asked the question, "Is it compulsory?"
"No, sir," said the waiter, "I think it is mock turtle." Boston Ideas.

Tipton (producing a bottle) This is some stuff that Harry sent me just before he left for Europe.
Quillp (sampling a bottle) This is (Quillp (sampling the name) H'm! seems to be something in the name about treatment after all. Boswell Tranquillpt.

Phoenix Building & Loan
Association
Every wage-earner can secure a home through us at not more than the cost of rent. A small payment down, 70 cents per $100 monthly interest on the balance, and parting payments every six months will buy a comfortable home.
This is a simple, clean-cut proposition. See
R. H. GREENE
21 NORTH FIRST AVENUE.

Los Angeles
403 SOUTH HOPE STREET,
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
An elegant hotel for the rich.
Heated by Steam. Lighted by both Electricity and Gas. A Resident Physician, and a Corps of forty Trained Nurses. Three well equipped operating rooms. Five delightful verandas. A Roof Garden; forty feet wide by sixty feet long. Reached by all street car lines, directly or by transfer.
35J364K2523
Tmi&S3!:p3r
-a'u;'
M
Manufacturers and Dealers of
TENTS, AWNINGS, OIL CANS, BAGS,
CAMP FURNITURE, &C.
Reliable Dealing Guaranteed
404 E. Main Street. Los Angeles, Cal.
The
Best Café
In the City
Broadway
Coffee Parlor.
The most satisfactory short
order house in Los Angeles
OYSTERS ANY STYLE.
Steaks Served All Day.
1411 P Broadway, Los Angeles.
Miss W. Baldridge, Proprietor.
THE SUNNYSIDE
319 N. BROADWAY.
Fine locations; housekeeping privileges; strictly modern, parlor, piano, etc.
THE WISCONSIN
215 W. SIXTEENTH ST.
Select family rooming house, with complete housekeeping arrangements; excellent beds; baths; private board. Reasonable terms. Choice of car lines.
Pasadena.
A PLEASANT HOME-
Pure summer months in Pasadena, California. Plans to announced. Courses in literature, English, Art and Music. Address:
"Classical School For Girls,"
151 E. Kuroth Ave, Pasadena, Cal.

MONTANA..

LOS ANGELES.

TELEPHONE RED 2611 :
HOTEL CLARENDON.
123 Rooms; 40 beautiful suites
with private baths; electric lights
Hot and cold water throughout.
A first-class European Hotel.
EAT $1.50 A DAY AND UP.
315 S. Hill Street, Corner Fourth,
Los Angeles, Cal.
Hotel Brunswick
Cor. Hill
and First.
First-class Family Hotel, choice locality; newly refitted.
... Moderate prices by the week. V. P. Mansfield, Prop.

the YORKE

Large
Rooms .
Hot and
Cold Baths
Nearest Main and Second car lines, Los.
Furnished rooms, concord and convenient.
Only best patrons. Reasonable.

The best appointed Hotel at reasonable prices
The Los Angeles, 14
Boyd St., Just off Los Angeles St., between Third
European Plan; Well appointed throughout.
Hotel with combinations of Hotel Worn.
MILTON
The Prescott,
Capable permanent family; table board if desired.
First-class.
Best located first-class and central; hot and cold
baths; Mrs. H. C. Trimble, SK, Prop.

THE CROCKER,
THE BROWNSBERGER HOME SCHOOL
OF SHORTHAND AND TYPEWRITING. Los Angeles, California.
Located on its beautiful property, Over 9XX W. Seventh St. Removed the confinement and temptations of the uncongenial city walking distance; easy access to all car lines; extensive grounds, beautiful flowers and grand trees. A typical, modern, refined home combined with the most thorough business training.
Three experienced teachers and two paid dictators. This school owns a larger number of machines than any other school in the state. Every pupil furnished one at his home or room free of charge. Office training daily under a special teacher. Speed work under a special teacher. Daily instruction in Spelling, Punctuation and English Composition. Penmanship and bookkeeping after July 1st. Special classes after September 1st. Largest shorthand school in Southern California. One hundred pupils enrolled for month of June. Evening school all summer under experienced teachers. Large, handsome catalogue free.
The Very Latest and Most Stylish ....

MILLINERY
222 West 3rd Street.
Between Spring and Broadway.
S-J'1
PHOTO

WELLS & CO.
113 S. Main Street, Los Angeles, Cal.

HOTEL NOTICE HOUSE

LOS ANGELES, CAL.
RATES: $1.25 and $1.50 per day. Latter with
private baths. Rooms $1.00 up.
The most comfortable house in Los Angeles for
Arizona people. Has just added a third story
and now contains 175 rooms, all newly fur
nished, with running water and elevator.
Many suites with private baths.
Free Bus To and From All Trains.
N. E. CORNER
Fourth and Hill STREETS.

HOTEL BALTIMORE-
EUROPEAN PLAN
Elegant suites with private baths.
Up-to-date in every particular.
HAMILTON JOHNSON, Prop.
Northeast Corner Seventh & Olive Sts.

Los Angeles, California.
E. HENTZ, Proprietor.
370 S. HILL ST. (Between 3rd and 4th)
Los Angeles, Cal., Cor. Spring and Third Sts.
Coolest Home; lowest summer rates.
Most central location,
F. B. MALLORY, Prop.
First and Spring Streets.,
LOS ANGELES.
Alden Thompson, Prop.

Free bus from all trains to Hotel. New management; renovated throughout. All cars pass Hotel. Rooms $1.00 to $2.00 per day; special rates by week. J5.00. Main St. REICHENHOFER, Prop.

Corner Sixth and Figueroa
C. A. TAVARES & CO., Props.
A respectable and quiet rooming home;
furnished rooms and dining table privileges.
From $10 per week up. 215 Fourth
and Fourth Streets.
All rooms and public baths; hot water at all lines; close to Fourth Street,
Electric cars to the door. Entrances 101 East 8th street.

PLECK
463 Temple Street. A neat family home.
Rooms newly furnished and convenient to all
places of interest and within one block
of court house; high location; rates reasonable.
Rooms pleasant on terms. Hot and
Rates reasonable. Mrs. J. L. MILLER, Prop.

712 S. Broadway. Rooms by day, week or month; all
conveniences. Centrally located.

To be seen at MISS A. CLARKE'S
Madison Novelties
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
KODAKS
SUPPLIES.
Developing
and printing

Trunks,

D. D. WHITNEY & SONS.

The Colonial,
Near
All new
large
Only
quite reasonable.

On Second or Seventh street car.

hotel ready
Second and Third Floors.
PHONE PETER 6731.
JTTLI'TIU!
TUT ARIZONA JOURNAL, Broadway. CENTRAL LOCATION. Rooms
suitable for transient and permanent guests and suites.
T AN CAPE, Second and Hill St. Strictly Family Hotel,
CLYDE HOTEL. It tleaionable. Thomas Pakook, Proprietor.

THE GARRAGHAN SET private baths. Office baths free.

THE PRESTON Modern and first-class; free baths; convenient to restaurants. 431 South Spring Street.
THE PACIFIC Corner Third and Main Streets. Centrally located. European plan; private
baths; rates reasonable. CHAS. GRAY, Proprietor.
MERCANTILE 641 South Broadway. New house, new furniture. Modern and first
class. Good beds in specialty. Hot baths free.

THE CAMP
Under conditions prevailing last year. Dozens of swift power launches for fishing and excursions. Tuna Club tournament now on. Our Marine Band, including Chas. Streeper of St. Louis, cornetist, and other soloists of national reputation. The best golf links. The aquarium, containing hundreds of living wonders of the deep. Boating and bathing over Nature's most wonderful marine gardens as seen at great depth through smooth, transparent waters. Catalina offers attractions not possible at other resorts.
Daily steamer service. Hotel Metropole also open. Take Southern Pacific or Santa Fe Route trains leaving Los Angeles daily at 9:05 and 8:51 p. m. respectively. Fare, round trip from Los Angeles, excursion, $2.50; regular, $2.75. Banning Co., 222 S. Spring St., Los Angeles. Phone Main 36.

Correspondence solicited

DR. AND DR.
DR.
Room 320-322
Stovall Block,
WHOLE IN LOS ANGELES
While in
rail and

Don't forget!
Chops, etc., call on H. L.
the best cafe on the Pacific Coast

RELIABLE AND EXPERIENCED DRUGGISTS.
OT. J T5x (If) 231 So. Broadway, opposite City Hall.
Manufacturers of Ladies' Calf.
Prescriptions a Specialty. Mail orders a specialty.

ADOLF FRESSB,

ACME FEATHER WORKS
INCUBATORS
VAN VLIET CENTIPEDE and
MAIN CHINA and Wig Curio Store,
Westminister Hotel, Los Angeles, Cal.
Collars, Cuffs, Shirts,
ACCORDION PLEATING
Stoll & Thayer

NEW TOWNSHIP MAP of California from Monterey to Mexico, showing
wagon roads and railroads, oil and mining districts, etc. Price, postpaid, 75c.

HOTEL BREWSTER
Rooms $1.00
per Day up.
Steam heat, elevator, pure running
water. Rooms for commercial
travelers connected with hotel. Special rates
The Albatross Inn.
THE RICHELIEU
MOTION HOUSE
New Management.

Brewery is a beautiful place. One 3-story brick with bay windows on
three sides. Suites, sliding doors, running water, and thoroughly modern

See the plan before you locate,
put on train at Oceanside.
rates 10
is. room and

THE BURLAP Cor. Third and D sts. Centrally Located. Strictly Modern
Dining and First Class. RATES REASONABLE!

RIALTO 901-906 Sixth, and 813 Large, pleasant rooms. Special summer rates
Good location; fine view; convenient—one block from Florence.

THE WHITTIER 1513 Ocean ave. Opposite Hotel Arcadia
THE WILTON Furnished Rooms with housekeeping privi

THE LAURIER
Plenty of light; special

Bags, Suit Cases.
Send for new Catalogue.

343-345 S. Spring St.
Hotel Park, 418 Westlake Avenue. A beautiful
building, newly decorated, newly furnished;
porches, pleasant surroundings; one table board
first class and limited summer accommodations.
1st and Broadway, Over Broadway Dept. Store.
Newly Furnished Rooms.
$1.00 a day; special Rates by week or month.
AL. CAYAS, Manager.
241 So. Broadway, Pleasant rooms, single or
suites. Rates reasonable.
MRS. A. M. CARLE, PROP. Suite with
PURE MOUNTAIN WATER AT
AVALON
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND

RUPTURE
Can be permanently cured by DR. FRANKLIN
& CO. Our cure is a recent discovery by Dr.
Franklin, and is a permanent, painless, safe and
quick method. No knife, no injections and no detention from business. Treatment by mail. Correspondence.
FRANKLIN & CO.,
So. Spring
Street,
Los Angeles, Cal.
THE CITY
You should not fail
to visit us and sit for
some of the latest
steel engraving Portraits made only
and first introduced by this Studio.
Worldwide reputation for high grade
work. Medal awards from Paris Exposition, World's Fair, and first prize
gold medal at Midwinter Fair, San
Francisco, 1894.
STUDIO, 8 N. Spring St., Los Angeles
While on your visit to
Los Angeles get the best
Fish, Oysters, Steaks.
The best
111 W. Third St.

OPTICIAN AND PRACTICAL OPTICIAN.
Eyes tested on premises and prescriptions filled same
day ordered. Tel. Main 1012. 118 South Spring Street.

Send for catalogue
DAIRY ALBERS
316 South Main Street.
Mounted Toads, So. K. MULKEY, Jr., Taxidermy
Fourth and Main Sts., opposite Van Nuys and

Send for new Catalogue. Liberal terms to agents. Rubber Collar
Collars, Cuffs, Shirt Fronts and Tips.

WINDSOR COLLAR CO., 432 S. Broadway. Los Angeles, Cal.

308 1-2 S. Spring St., Fancy Art, side and knife plaiting. Tele
phone Main 307, Los Angeles, Cal.

BOOKSELLERS AND
STATIONERS...
No. 121 S. Spring St., Los Angeles.
Corner Fourth and C Sts., San Diego.

The most elegantly furnished and equipped hotel in Southern California.
and private bath rooms. Fine large sample
traders. Hot and modern table and cafe directly opposite. A first class Cafe and Grill
Rates by the week. G. B. DAGGETT, Prop.
Best location in San Diego. Rooms
suites and cottages. The table our
specialty. Write for circular and
terms.

First class Furnished Rooms. Rates Reasonable
Transient Patronage Solicited. Centrally Located
Rooms Cool and Pleasant. J. H. Simpson, Mgr
1033 FIFTH ST., BETWEEN C AND D

European plan. Rooms $0.75, $1.00 and $1.50; special
rates by week or month for summer. Free bus to and
from Hotel. Large well lighted reading room and parlor.

B. F. BARNES, Prop.
$1.00; reduction by week. See ad.

V. In paper H

W. L. Lifts, Props.
Oceanside—keeping privileges
335 S. Main.
Mettalac Park, 418 Westlake Avenue. A beautiful
building, newly decorated, newly furnished;
porches, pleasant surroundings; one table board
first class and limited summer accommodations.
4th and Broadway. New Broadway Department Store.
Newly Furnished Rooms.
$1.00 a day. Special rates by week or month.
MRS. T. E. HARTMAN, Prop.

Corner Fouth and Hill.
All modern conveniences. New management; free
baths; hot and cold water; electric light; cars to all
parts. Convenient to restaurants and all places of
interest. Board $10.00 to $12.00 per week.

MRS. H. E. HARTMAN, Prop.

HOTEL BALTIMORE
EUROPEAN PLAN
Elegant suites with private baths.
Up-to-date in every particular.
HAMILTON JOHNSON, Prop.
Northeast Corner Seventh & Olive Sts.

E. HENTZ, Proprietor.
370 S. HILL ST. (Between 3rd and 4th)
Los Angeles, Cal., Cor. Spring and Third Sts.
Coolest Home; lowest summer rates.
Most central location,
F. B. MALLORY, Prop.
First and Spring Streets.,
LOS ANGELES.
Alden Thompson, Prop.

Free bus from all trains to Hotel. New management;
renovated throughout. All cars pass Hotel. Rooms
$1.00 to $2.00 per day; special rates by week. $5.00.
MAIN ST. REICHENHOFER, Prop.

Corner Sixth and Figueroa
C. A. TAVARES & CO., Props.
A respectable and quiet rooming home;
furnished rooms and dining table privileges.
From $10 per week up. 215 Fourth
and Fourth Streets.
All rooms and public baths; hot water at all lines;
Electric cars to the door. Entrances 101 East 8th street.

THE COLONADE
J. F.

A FAVORITE PLACE FOR ARIZONANS.
Rooms and modern furniture throughout. Thoroughly ventilated, well conducted family and transient hotel at moderate prices. Rooms large, cool and finely furnished. Excellent popular priced Cafeteria connected.

HOTEL RAMONA
HOTEL NADEAU
THE ST. ELRO
Bellevue Terrace Hotel
Best appointed family hotel; $30 per month up. Telephone Main 446.

A respectable family hotel, Los Angeles, 69
Boyd St., Just off Los Angeles St., between Third

European Plan; Moderate rates; thoroughly
furnished throughout. Entrances on Main
and Second. Rooms with suites, sliding doors,
running water. Good table board.

MILTON
The Prescott,
Capable of permanent families; table board if desired.

THE CAMP
Under conditions prevailing last year. Dozens of swift power launches
for fishing and excursions. Tuna Club tournament now on. Our Marine
Band, including Chas. Streeper of St. Louis, cornetist, and other soloists of
national reputation. The best golf links. The aquarium, containing hundreds
of living wonders of the deep. Boating and bathing over Nature's most
wonderful marine gardens as seen at great depth through smooth, trans
parent waters. Catalina offers attractions not possible at other resorts.
Daily steamer service. Hotel Metropole also open. Take Southern Pa
cific or Santa Fe Route trains leaving Los Angeles daily at 9:05 and 8:51
p. m. respectively. Fare, round trip from Los Angeles, excursion, $2.50; reg.
ular, $2.75. Banning Co., 222 S. Spring St., Los Angeles. Phone Main 36.

IMPORTED FRENCH
Millinery, latest style, pictures.

DRS.
DRS. FRANKLIN & CO.

THK CITY STUDIO
You should not fail
to visit us and sit for
some of the latest
steel engraving Portraits.
Studio, 8 N. Spring St., Los Angeles.

While on your visit to
Los Angeles secure the best
Fish, Oysters and Steaks.
111 W. Third St.

OPTICIAN AND PRACTICAL OPTICIAN.
Eyes tested on premises and prescriptions filled same day ordered. Tel. Main 1012. 118 South Spring Street.

Send for catalogue
SURVEY ALBERS
316 South Main Street.
Mounted Toads, So. K. MULKEY, Jr., Taxidermy
Fourth and Main Sts., opposite Van Nuys and

Send for new Catalogue. Liberal terms to agents. Rubber Collar
Collars, Cuffs, Shirt Fronts and Tips.

WINDSOR COLLAR CO., 432 S. Broadway. Los Angeles, Cal.

308 1-2 S. Spring St., Fancy Art, side and knife plaiting. Tele
phone Main 307, Los Angeles, Cal.

BOOKSELLERS AND
STATIONERS...
No. 121 S. Spring St., Los Angeles.
Corner Fourth and C Sts., San Diego.

The most elegantly furnished and equipped hotel in Southern California.
Modern and private bath rooms. Fine large sample
rooms. Hot and cold water. A first class Cafe and Grill
by the week. O. B. DAGGETT, Prop.
Best location in San Diego. Rooms,
suites and cottages. The table our
specialty. Write for circular and
terms.

First class Furnished Rooms. Rates Reasonable
Transient Patronage Solicited. Centrally Located
Rooms Cool and Pleasant. J. H. Simpson, Mgr
1033 FIFTH ST., BETWEEN C AND D

European plan. Rooms $0.75, $1.00 and $1.50; special
rates by week or month for summer. Free bus to and
from Hotel. Large well lighted reading room and parlor.

B. F. BARNES, Prop.

HOTEL BREWSTER
Rooms $1.00 per Day up.
Steam heat, elevator, pure running water, modern conveniences. Private rooms for commercial travelers connected with hotel. Special rates for regular boarders.

THE RICHELIEU
New Management.

THE LAURIER
Plenty of light; special reduced rates.

Bags, Suit Cases.
Send for new Catalogue.

343-345 S. Spring St.
Hotel Park, 418 Westlake Avenue. A beautiful
building, newly decorated, newly furnished;
porches, pleasant surroundings; one table board
first class and limited summer accommodations.

MRS. L. E. HARTMAN, Prop.

HOTEL BALTIMORE
EUROPEAN PLAN
Elegant suites with private baths.
Up-to-date in every particular.
HAMILTON JOHNSON, Prop.
Northeast Corner Seventh & Olive Sts.

E. HENTZ, Proprietor.
370 S. HILL ST. (Between 3rd and 4th)
Los Angeles, Cal., Cor. Spring and Third Sts.
Coolest Home; lowest summer rates.
Most central location,
F. B. MALLORY, Prop.
First and Spring Streets.,
LOS ANGELES.
Alden Thompson, Prop.

Free bus from all trains to Hotel. New management;
renovated throughout. All cars pass Hotel. Rooms
$1.00 to $2.00 per day; special rates by week. $5.00.
MAIN ST. REICHENHOFER, Prop.