0
PAGE TEN

(Section Two)

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN. WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 26, 1921

BLUE LAW SUNDAY

IS URGED IN BILL
IN LEGISLATURE

Measure Prohibits Unnecessary Work On One Day
In Seven Will Intrench Law

To Validate the Highway Bonds

The long-expected bill to compel the
observance of Sunday, or at least one
day in seven, may do its way into the
House yesterday, and was introduced into the house by Mr. Krazer.

The way for it was
made by two communications which
were read in the house immediately
after the opening of the morning session, one of them bearing the names of 19 persons and the other from
Mr. U. T. Ir., with 13 signatures.
The bill prohibits all secular occupations except those of necessity for
the vitality or
minimity, and is not insistent that Sunday should be the day to be observed
but persons of religions recognizing
some other day as the Sabbath are required to abstain from labor on that
day.
Another bill which had been in preparation for several days was introduced by Mr. Phillips. It proposes the
validation of the county highway
bonds in the sum of $4,000,000 which
were voted by the taxpayers of this
county on May 17, 1919. Though there
is no real doubt of the validity of these
bonds, they had recently been subjected to an attack which since has
been abandoned and it was thought as
a matter of precaution that this legislation should be taken against any
other objection that might be raised to
the bonds.
First Real Clash
For the first time this session a serious difference of opinion on an important matter manifested itself in the
house, and it was the occasion of a
running debate involving a dozen or
more of the members of the house.
The subject was the first of the education bills to come before the committee of the whole house. It was house
bill 8, by Miss Boehringer, providing, among other things, for a state tax
levy for the schools, amounting to $30
for each child of school age, disclosed
by the census. There were other reformatory features of the bill, but it
was this proposed tax levy amounting
to more than $2,500,000 around which
the battle raged. Whether there would
have been enough votes to insure its
defeat for that reason is doubtful. But
many of the members objected to other
features of the bill, which they did not
understand were parts of a systematic
reform of the educational code, to be
accomplished through several bills.
The bill came from the committee
on Judiciary with an unfavorable recommendation. When it was taken up
in the committee of the whole Mr.
Miller of Tavapai suggested an
amendment of it in that part providing for the apportionment of the funds in which he thought discriminated
against the rural districts. This was
followed by a motion to re-commit
the bill to the committee on education,
and on that simple motion a general
debate ensued involving the merits of
the bill. A motion to recommend indefinite postponement finally prevailed
by a decisive majority and the house
acted upon that recommendation.
It is understood, however, that the
matter will be presented in another
form, when it is hoped that there may
be a better understanding of its purpose and its effect upon taxpayers.
Another Dispute
There was another dispute about a
matter of economy. Mr. Neal moved
that the per diem of the chief clerk be
increased to $10 a day and that of the
assistant chief clerk to $8 a day. Mr.
Jones of Maricopa failed to see why
this increase should be made. Mrs.
Turh advocated it on the ground that
the corresponding attaches of the
senate had recently been voted that
much and that they had less work to
do than the clerks of the house. Mr.
Wylie offered a motion limiting the
increased pay to the remainder of the
day session and providing that it
should not be effective in the time afterward spent in making up the journal. He doubtless had in mind that
after the last session something like
$1000 was consumed by an army of
clerks who were unable to finish the
work so long as any part of the appropriation remained. This motion
was defeated and the Neal motion prevailed.

After receiving the committee reports and new bills the house resolved
itself into the committee of the whole,
with Mr. Betts in the chair, and spent
the rest of the morning and the
greater part of the afternoon session in
deliberative attitude.

The first measure called up was
substitute house bill 7, providing for
placing cotton gins under the supervision of the corporation commission.
This bill had been allowed to stand at
the head of the calendar from the first
meeting of the whole committee. It
had been recommended by the committee on corporations, but the report
of another committee which also had
it under consideration had not yet
been received.

As a reason yesterday for again deferring action upon it, it was stated
that a meeting was to be held by the
corporations committee next
Thursday. Accordingly an arrangement
was made by which the bill should be
taken up in the whole committee next
Saturday.
Postpone Education Bill
Then came the education bill about
which the contest was waged, resulting in its indefinite postponement.
House bill 13, making an appropriation of $5000 to meet the expenses of
the motor vehicle department of the
secretary of state's office until the end
of the fiscal year was next considered.
Amendments as to the phraseology
only of it were offered and agreed to
and it was recommended for passage,
after the house ordered it to the committee on enrolled and engrossed bills,
whence it probably will be reported to
the floor and passed.
The committee sat again in the afternoon, taking up the bill for the relief
of the Barrows Furniture company,
appropriating $121 for the payment of
freight on certain merchandise the
company had sold the commission of
state institutions for the use of the
hospital for the insane.
House bill 10, relating to the salaries
of county school superintendents and
the creation of the office of county
school supervisors in certain counties
was called up. Opposition was about
to manifest itself when a motion was
offered to hold the bill pending a report from the committee on Judiciary
The time was engaged in the consideration of it.
Differ on Auto Mechanics Bill
A matter which was revived by the
committee of Mr. Remington's bill for
the creation of a state board of auto
mechanics. Mr. Remington
said the board should be self-sustaining. Mr.
Curlee wanted to know how the examiners were to determine the qualifications of the auto mechanics. Few of
them, he said, were graduates of
schools teaching that trade and therefore, though they might be efficient
mechanics, they could not be examined
for a technical knowledge of their
qualifications. Mrs. Ruth suggested
another difficulty; there were, for instance, Ford mechanics and Buick mechanics; there were also ignition experts and other mechanic experts as to
other ailments of autos.
Mr. Curlee added that the operation
of such a law would so cut down the
number of auto mechanics that the few
who might be passed would show car
owners little mercy. He moved the
indefinite postponement of the bill, and
that was accomplished by the house
later.
The same fate overtook Mr. Jones's
bill amending the law relating to the
issuance of worthless checks by striking out of the present law the words
"willfully, with intent to defraud." Objection was raised that the destruction of intent would render the law inoperative. To that Judge Phillips replied, that the proposed law would
make the fraud consist of offering the
check. The legislature, he said, could
as well make that a crime as it could
make the sale or giving of alcoholic
liquor a crime though it had not previously been one. But the sentiment
of the committee was against it and it
was doomed to death which subsequently was inflicted by the house.
There were many other bills on the
calendar, but as printed copies of them
had not been received they went over.
New Bills in House
The following new bills were offered:
House bill 58, by Mr. Frazier, by
request, the Sunday observance measure.
House bill 59, by Mr. Perry of Gila
county, amending the law of marriage
and divorce. It changes the form by
giving to clerks of courts authority
to perform the marriage service and to
exact from the contracting parties on
oath as to their eligibility to marry.
House bill 60, by Mr. Kinson, amending the fence law, relating to damages by stock. It provides, among other
things, that one whose property has
been damaged by invading
stock shall call upon a Justice of the peace who
shall appoint a board of three to assess
the damage. That having been established, the claim of the injured person
becomes a lien upon the stock.
House bill 62, by Mr. Ramey
amending the law relating to the annexation or additions to incorporated
towns. It extends only to any
the power that the existing law gives
to cities.
House bill 61, by Mr. Ramey
one of the predatory animal bills.
House bill 63, by Mr. Stewart, for
the regulation of the practice of the
veterinary art.
By Mr. Krebba, house bill 64, making
a minor change of a word in the law
relating to articles of incorporation.
House bill 65, by Mr. Phillips, an act
for the validation of the
county highway bond issue of May 17,
1919.
The house adjourned at 11:15
this morning.

Two Bills in Senate
The senate held
session at which there were two bills introduced and other routine
matters transacted after which the senate went
into the committee of the whole and
at noon adjourned to 10 o'clock this
morning.

One of the bills that was
introduced by Mr. Burton by request
It amends the law relating
to the power of the state corporation
commission over motor car transportation. Under the act, the commission
cannot give exclusive franchise to an
individual or firm over any state highway. This is an echo of the controversy which has been in
the courts between the commission and the
J. C. Penney stage line over the right
of the state commission to
regulate vehicles over the new Prescott-Jerome
highway.
Senate bill 46, by Sen. Nye,
an appropriation of $175,000
for grading, repair and maintenance of a
highway from Holbrook to the eastern
line of Apache county, N. M.
of Lupton in Apache county. This road
is the line of the Santa Fe and
has the endorsement of the chambers
of commerce of Gallup, Albuquerque
and Los Angeles.

URGES TARIFF
ON OIL TO AID
WESTERN GROWERS

A report from Washington yesterday
to The Republican carried a resume of
a statement made to the ways and
means committee by B. B. Meek of
California on the olive industry in
California and Arizona, with particular
reference to increasing the duty on
olive oil in bulk and in containers.
Mr. Meek asked that the duty on
olive oil be increased to 60 cents in
bulk and 70 cents in containers. The
rate in the Payne-Aldrich bill was 40
cents. Meek, who represented the
California Olive association, made a
businesslike statement of the difficulties that beset the olive men and
proved by figures that the increase
was necessary to permit the olive
business in California and Arizona to
prosper. He also asked for increased
duties on all olives and a rate of 6
cents a pound on ripe olives.
In part, he spoke as follows:
"In the 26 olive factories in California and Arizona some 2800 people find
employment during the canning season, a lesser number of course working
continuously throughout the year.
'In all, therefore not less than
2800 people in California and Arizona look
to this industry for all or
the principal part of their means of
livelihood.

"From the present bearing olive
acreage in California and Arizona the
crop in a year of normal yield is,
approximately 16,000 tons. The reduction of the duty on olive oil from 49
cents a gallon in bulk to 20 cents a
gallon, under the present law, never
helped the price or our business in the
slightest degree
and it was not to be expected that the
lower duty would mean a correspondingly lower price to the consumer.
Olive oil, when in tin containers at retail, in many instances
in quantities less than a gallon, is not
priced to the consumer at fractional
figures, giving him the benefit of the
lower duty. In practice the dealer
maintains his former price in the
round number and whatever benefit is
derived from the reduced duty is secured by the importer or by him divided with the jobber or distributor,
if this course seems necessary to hold
trade."

Electrical engineering is being
taught by the United States vocational
schools to 71 disabled former soldiers and engineering of all kinds to
200.

Says Public Not Best Served If
Cotton Gins Are Public Utilities

Concerning the advisability of placing cotton gins under the supervision
of the state corporation commission
as is proposed in substitute House Bill
No. 7, an attorney for one of the largest ginning companies operating in the
valley presents below the reasons why
he thinks the public interest would not
be best served thereby.
In a communication to The Republican he writes:
"Certain enterprises properly come
under state regulation. They are
those enterprises which have a real or
substantial monopoly, which are therefore non-competitive and with which
the public as a whole must necessarily
do business.
"Originally we had two phone companies in many cities. That was a
nuisance. There was actually no competition (except for subscribers) and,
to transact business, the public had to
pay for a double service.
"Under the various state corporation
commissions this waste and duplication was eliminated, the public protected by fair rates and capital protected by fair returns.
"There are about 420 long staple
gin stands operating in Arizona. They
are divided into 33 plants, the ownership divided in whole or in part among
10 firms. Some of these are co-operative
farmers' gins and others have
farmer stockholders.
"The business is and always has
been competitive. Some gins merely
gin cotton. Others gin, finance growers, buy cotton and buy seed. Some
are part of oil mill operations.
"It does not require large capital
to put up a small ginning plant. The
field is open.
"Up to this year the cotton acreage has expanded more rapidly than
the gin capacity. However, the latter is now far ahead of the probable
cotton acreage of the future and for
some years the long staple gin capacity will be more than required. As
a result, gins probably cannot expect
to make a fair return on the investment unless the corporation commission would grant a bale rate that would
be much higher than that now being
charged and at the same time refuse
permission for any more gins to be
established.
"It seems to me that such a result
would hardly work out to the best
interests of the farmers. I believe the
gins should be competitive and if they
have overbuilt, then they will either be
compelled to stand the loss, wait until
the industry 'comes back' or turn
some of the plants into warehouses or
some other use.
"The history of corporation commission control over those enterprises
properly coming under such control is
that rates are raised and competition
stopped. And this is absolutely proper and fair in those cases. Just how
the control would benefit either the
farmers or the gins I cannot now see.
I am, however, free to say that if such
control can be shown to be of benefit
to the industry of cotton growing, then
I am positive every gin in the valley
would welcome coming under the commission. That is naturally so if the
cotton industry doesn't prosper these
ginning plants are practically worthless. "Some are advocating putting oil
mills under the control and supervision of corporation commission. That
is illogical. How impractical and actually harmful that would be is
apparent to anyone who knows anything
about the nature of such a business,
where probably not more than 5 per
cent of the produce sold in this
state.
"It may be that putting the gins
under the commission would create
some good result. We are not opposing the idea. But we do want to know
what this result is going to be and
we wish some fairly definite idea on
how it is going to be worked out. We
can't subscribe to any hurry-up, emergency ideas. It should then follow, in
my judgment, that if corporation commission control is logical for a business like gins, then it should be as
much, or even more logical, for such
businesses as the Arizona Packing
company, the Union and Standard Oil
companies, the ice, wood and coal
companies, the flour mills and elevators, the smelters, etc., etc.; in fact,
for all companies that do business on
any considerable scale, deal in essentials and with the public generally.
"However, mere size of the business
or dealing in essentials are not the
tests of a public utility. That is the
reason I doubt if gins, or any of these
other industries, are properly to be
regarded as public utilities. The most
vital factors are monopoly, inability to
establish competitive plants, and the
inability of the public served to choose
who shall render that service. None of
these tests of public utility apply to
gins.
"At a meeting of the cotton growers of the Salt river valley held at
the chamber of commerce in Phoenix
a few nights ago, we were given to
understand that the principal complaint
was an excessive charge for ginning.
The prevailing rate being approximately $24 per bale, which includes what
is commonly known as a bale tax of
$4 per bale, the latter being paid by
the ginning company to the Cotton
Growers' association as an expense incidental in importing labor from Old
Mexico.
"We are all familiar with what the
government is doing for the Indians
in Arizona, looking toward bettering
their living conditions, securing for
them the advantages of educational
institutions and teaching them how to
till the land. The federal government
built and is now maintaining a cotton
gin at Sacaton for the benefit of the
Indians who are growing cotton. During the present season the government
is charging the Indians approximately
$24 a bale for ginning cotton, which
does not include the $4 bale tax here
tofore referred to. In other words, the
federal government is charging the Indians approximately $4 per bale more
for ginning than the other companies
are charging the farmers in general in
the Salt river valley.

LIFE INSURERS
IN LIVELY MEET

Reorganization of a state life underwriters' association to affiliate
with the National Association of Life
Underwriters was perfected at a
rousing lunch followed by a meeting
at the Hotel Adams yesterday noon.
About 100 delegates from several different states were present.
Fred Joyce, district manager of the
Mutual Life Insurance company of
New York, was elected president of
the new organization; F. B. Schwentker, general agent of the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance company, vice
president; and William F. Van Meter
of the New York Life Insurance company, secretary. All officers are residents of Phoenix.
A similar organization prospered in
Arizona until soon after the United
States entered the war, when many
of the members were called away.
There will be about 100 members of
the new association, and indications
favor its success from the outset.
Drawing inspiration and workable information from Andrew Carnegie, J. P. Morgan and others, whose
word has served as authority in the
world of business, Charles W. Scoville of Pittsburgh gave a comprehensive and convincing discourse upon
"Business Life Insurance," which
proved to be one of the features of
the after-dinner speaking.
"Men very often fail to realize how
valuable business brains are," he declared. "Successful business brains
are the most valuable, rarest and the
hardest to replace of all the elements
which constitute modern business."
He called attention to a recent report of Bradstreet which shows that
80 per cent of the failures during the
past year were caused by lack of business brains.

"The man with a highly cultivated
business brain has something more
than an ability for rapid calculation,"
the speaker explained; "he has character personality."
He then told how Andrew Carnegie
at one time made the assertion that
although suddenly deprived of all his
working capital he could rapidly regain his place in the business world
if his organization was left intact.
Reference also was made to the reply
given by J. P. Morgan when asked
for the first requisite of sound credit.
The financial wizard quickly replied
that he first inquired concerning the
character of the applicant for a loan.
Mr. Scoville predicted that within a
short time business life insurance
would be regarded by those making
loans to business firms in the same
light that fire insurance is now regarded by those making loans upon
buildings.
Orville Thorpe of Dallas, Texas, gave
an instructive talk on "The Inheritance
Tax and Life Insurance." He pointed
out that government taxes are given
first consideration in claims upon the
estate of a deceased.
"Unless cash is available to cover the
taxes the government sells the estate
to satisfy the claims," he said. "In
such a forced sale the land rarely
brings its market value. If there is
insurance money to satisfy the taxes
the land may be sold at leisure and to
better advantage."
Barney Pearson used charts to illustrate an illuminating lecture on the
process of selling. Members of the
corporation commission, several local
bankers and a number of physicians
were present.
Many of the delegates left for Los
Angeles last night, where they will
attend a meeting today similar to that
held here.

Florence, Italy, is known as the
"City of Flowers." Here the famous
orris-root perfumes are produced from
the roots of the large pale purple iris
or flag which is grown extensively,
throughout the surrounding districts.
The Spanish government has advertised for bids on a contract for 500
freight cars.
Switzerland has replaced 150 steam
locomotives with electric engines.
The United States Army has
1171 aviators.

The Most Sensational Announcement In Auto Circles In Past Five Years A Money-Raising
Event Pure and Simple Selling Starts This Morning - I

SALE OF NEW AND USED

Among the 47 cars included in this sale you will find Packards, Roamers, Buicks, Studebakers,
Oldsmobiles, Dodges, Hupmobiles, Oaklands, Overlands, Oldsmobiles, Chalmers, Andersons, New
Monroes, Maxwells, Nashs, Dorts, Fords and many other standard makes in many models such as
sport, sedan, touring, roadster and speedster. Also several trucks for both light and heavy duty.
Every car in our entire stock included not one single car reserved

The Event YOU Have Been Waiting For YOU
Needn't Wait Longer Buy Now
Because of the recent cut in the prices of several new cars, the public is inclined to believe that there will be a
further reduction. The truth of the matter is that there will not be a further cut, but several big car makers have,
in the last week, advanced their prices again. Therefore, it will prove poor economy to wait longer as the bottom
has been reached you need not wait longer. Sixty days from now we could easily get far more money for these
cars than we are asking during this sale but we need the money now.

NOTICE TO OUT-OF-TOWN
DEALERS!
Because of the ridiculously
low prices which will prevail
during this sale, we will be com
pelled to withdraw all discounts
with which we have favored you
in the past. You may, however,
buy at sale prices as many cars
as you can use. They will yield
you handsome profits in your
community. Sale will last only
ten days. The early bird gets
the worm.
FREE
With Each Car
Purchased
With each car purchased during
this sale we will give absolutely FREE
1 Extra Casing
1 Extra Inner Tube
1 Set of Tools
1 Jack
1 Air Pump
30 days' Inspection Service
6 months' Battery Service

NOT RE-POSSESSED CARS
Our cars are NOT repossessed cars they
were not taken in on long trades but cars for
which we have paid spot cash. They are not
"tramps" or "junks," but late model cars 1921,
1920, 1919 and 1918, completely overhauled and
refinished like new in our own shops. They
are in perfect mechanical condition and fully
guaranteed by us. They are completely equipped with spare tire and tube and set of tools, including pump and jack, also good hot battery
guaranteed for six months. What more could
you ask?
Please remember this is not a "closing out"
or "quitting business" sale, but a money-raising
sale pure and simple. The truth is, we need
the money NOW. We have been in business
in Phoenix for years and expect to be here many
more, therefore we are here to give you service
on any car you purchase from us.
BRING MECHANIC WITH YOU
In the event you are not qualified to judge
values or mechanical condition, you will do us
a favor if you can arrange to bring a friend
who does know values and can pass on mechanical condition of any car you may select. We
extend this unusual invitation because we are
confident that every car we offer, after having
passed through our mechanical and refinishing
departments, will satisfy the most critical buyer.

WHY WE ARE NOT QUOTING
PRICES
Because of the ridiculously low prices we have
placed on these cars, we are not publishing
them, as they might be misunderstood to reflect
market prices and be hurtful to the' entire auto
business of the southwest. Many of these auto
dealers are personal friends and customers, and
have many cars on hand which they are desirous
of selling at profitable prices. In deference
to them our prices will not be printed for comparison. However, every car in our salesroom
will be tagged with the former selling price and
the sacrifice sale price will be marked in plain
figures, which will be the bona fide, rock bottom price. There will be NO price juggling.
We Will Accept Limited Number
Of Used Cars In Trade
In order to keep our mechanical and refinish
ing departments busy and keep our organization
of experts together, we will take in a limited
number of used cars as part payment on cars
offered in this sale. No doubt many have cars
unsuited to their present needs. We can find a
market for these cars. Bring them in. Let's
talk it over.

Open Sundays
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.

As an accommodation to those unable to take advantage of this sale during regular business hours, we will remain
open every evening until 9 o'clock, and Sunday from 10 a. m. till 5 p. m. This will afford everyone, no matter how
busy, to at least come in and inspect cars and compare values. Our courteous salesmen will not urge you to buy,
but will leave you free to use your own judgment.

Open Nights
Until 9 p.m.

We invite

Mot

235 North Central Avenue

Phoenix, Arizona