I

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: MONDAY MORNING, MAY 11, 1903.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.
PUBLISHED BY THE
ARIZONA PUBLISHING CO.

GEO. W. VICKERS. Pres. and Gen. Mgr.
Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press In Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes in Arizona. Publication office: 36-38 East Adams
street. Telephone No. 47.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year
Weekly, one year
Cash in advance.
..$6.00
.. $2.00
BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month
.75 cts.
Arizona visitors to the Coast will find
The Daily Republican on sale at the fol
lowing places in Los Angeles: Hollen
beck hotel news stand, and B. F. Gard
ner, 305 South Spring street.
(UNION LABEL)
PHOENIX, ARIZ., MAY 11, 1903.
What the Government Schools Are
Doing for the Indian.
Mr. William MacLeod Raine has an
article in the May "World Today" on
"The Government Indian School as a
Promoter of Civilization," in which the
Phoenix school is discussed as a model
institution. Mr. Raine is firmly of the
belief that the Indian school is the
greatest promoter of civilization for the
Indian race. He points out that the
history of most Indian uprisings is a
story of injustice borne with more or
less patient stoicism till the Indian
protests and grumblings disregarded--he
found endurance no longer tolerable.
It must be conceded that, with the best
intentions in the world, the govern
ment, through its oftimes untrust
worthy agents, has not been eminently
successful in handling this difficult
question.
"For this reason," he adds, "if for no
other because one is gratified to see
his country pay an honest debt in hand
some and generous fashion the gov
ernment Indian schools should be of
more than passing interest. That the
United States owes the teaching of
civilization to these children of a dis
possessed race, there can be no ques
tion: and that it is giving in unstinted
measure the best that can be given is
due to the subtle instinct for doing oc
casional generous things, which is so
striking a characteristic of the Amer
ican people.
"But the government Indian school
justifies itself on other than sentimen
tal grounds. From a strictly utilitarian
standpoint it is successful, and is
destined ultimately to help wipe from
the slate our Indian problem, which so
long seemed unsolvable. This state
ment is not an unsupported personal
opinion. The writer has talked with
citizens of Santa Fe, of Phoenix, and of
Albuquerque, near each of which town
a large government school is situated,
and they adduce facts, relating to the
schools, as a transmuter from savagery
to civilization, that are not to be con
troverted. At the hotel where I stayed
in Phoenix, one of the porters was a
young Indian from the school. The
young man had a fine, rather reserved
face and a good physique. He was
deft, industrious and competent. His
voice was gentle and pleasant. Appar
ently he knew his place, for he was
polite without being servile. One could
not help feeling that he was not de
stined to be always a porter. An iso
lated instance of a graduate equipped
to do a man's work in a white man's
world or among his own people on the
reservation may be regarded as an ex
ception, but the reduplication of this
in a hundred instances changes the
proposition very materially. The In
dian girl who has been taught sys
tematically makes an unusually good
house servant, a deft housewife, a fair
teacher; the Indian lad learns to han
dle tools with great aptitude, and be
comes a skillful blacksmith or farmer,
as the case may be. One used to read
occasional articles about graduates of
the Indian schools going back to the
reservation, sloughing their civilization
along with their uniforms, donning the
blanket and the moccasin, and leading
their tribes in deviltry and opposition
to progress. Such stories are no longer
current to any extent. The Indian
schools evolve law-abiding citizens. In
point of fact the Indians are not ag
gressive enough for their own good.
"While in school their cardinal virtue
is obedience, and their progress is not
so sure so long as teachers are behind
them to stimulate and encourage, but
after they have left school, thrown
often into an environment the most
hopeless imaginable, they quite often
lack the initiative and energy that
would characterize a white lad tossed
into the world to sink or swim unaided." Mr. Raine very sensibly calls atten
tion to the fact that the education of
the Indian should be in the line of
technical training rather than ad
vanced "book learning," and in this
respect he finds the Phoenix school
deserving of high commendation.
"The educational policy of the gov
ernment toward the Indian is tending
more and more toward industrial,
rather than literary, training. For in
stance, each pupil at the Phoenix
school gives one-half his school time to
school work proper and the other half
to manual training of some sort. What
the Indian needs to learn is how to
make a living, and the government is
giving him scientific instruction in that
direction. The establishment of dis
trict schools, from which the pupils can
return at the end of the day to their
families and leaven them with their
acquirements, will be the next step;
but these must be supplementary to
the large schools now in existence,
rather than substitutes of them.
The Indian school at Phoenix, Ariz.,
though its grounds charm with the lux
uriant southern beauty of palm and
umbrella trees, impresses one as being
eminently practical in character. The
educational ideals that are most im
pressed upon the students are those of
cleanliness, industry, patriotism, and
ambition. Stress is laid on a thorough
mastery of some trade, more than upon
literary attainments, though the stu
dent is given, too, a good working
knowledge of the English language.
He is fortunately spared an unsatis
factory smattering of Greek tragedy
and the modern French novel. A thor
ough understanding of the best
method of irrigating a cornfield is felt
to be more essential."
An interesting feature of Indian
school work is the great benefit which
has been derived from the employment
of Indian teachers. And, while Mr.
Raine does not elaborate the idea, it
is manifest that teaching opens an in
viting and unlimited field for graduates
from the schools.
"With a total enrollment of 319, the
Santa Fe school has 46 quarter-breed,
48 half-breed, 5 three-quarter-breed,
and 260 full-blooded Indian pupils. This
is a percentage of 72.4 of full-bloods.
Out of a total enrollment of 608 stu
dents at the Phoenix school 483, or 72.3
per cent., are full bloods. About
twenty-five tribes are represented, but
the Pimas, Papagoes, Maricopas and
Yumas are the most numerous; the
Pimas at Phoenix (273) outnumbering
those in the large reservation boarding
school at Sacaton. Each of these
schools has full-blooded Indian teach
ers. Miss Addie Beaver of the Phoenix
school being a granddaughter of Tec
umseh.
"All the ordinary mechanical occu
pations likely to be useful in the future
life of the pupils are taught at the
Phoenix Indian school. The girls learn
housekeeping, cooking, sewing, dress
making, dairying and laundry work;
the boys have ample chance to find
their natural bent in the bakery, the
machine or tailor shops, the engine
room, or at printing, woodwork, car
pentry, wheelwrighting, blacksmithing,
painting, shoemaking, tinning, harness
making, horticulture, or farm manage
ment. The policy of the school is to
rely, as far as possible, upon home in
dustry. The students make all the
furniture they can. Tables, desks, ice
chests, revolving flour-bins, screens,
and a hundred other useful articles are
manufactured at the school carpenter
shop. Vegetables from the garden help
supply the table. All the boys' uni
forms are made at the school tailor
shops under the eye of an experienced
tailor; and they fit as snugly as could
be desired. In the dressmaking de
partment all the girls' clothing is made.
One hundred skirts had been turned
out in three days before the one on
which the writer visited this room. The
course extends through two years'
work, and is designed primarily for
those intending to follow dressmaking
for a livelihood. This course is supple
mentary to the department of sewing,
where all the girls are taught the lay
ing of hems, basting, running, over
casting, fitting, gathering, machine
stitching, and darning, as well as the
care and mending of clothes.
"The weekly paper, a very creditable
journal, edited and printed exclusively
at the school, is quite free from typo
graphical errors and grammatical
slips.
"In addition to plain sewing, fancy
work is also taught. One piece done by
a little lame girl, not yet 13 years old,
is valued at $100. Curiously enough,
those most adept with the needle are
quite often not personally so neat as
their less skillful companions. One
could not watch these little dark-faced,
earnest natives, arrayed in the trim blue
ginghams of the school uniform and
busy at their drawn-work, without
feeling that it was a waste of time and
energy. Enough white women are
spoiling their eyes and nerves over
fancy work without teaching it to the
aborigines. The Jicarilla Apaches are
notable basketmakers, as are also the
Pimas and the Maricopas. The Nava
jos are famed for their blankets and
the Hopis (usually miscalled Mokis;
the name Moki was originally given in
derision by their enemies, the Navajos)
for their pottery. The demand for these
Indian wares is rapidly increasing, and
it would seem the part of wisdom to
teach them the art in which they have
already proved their fitness and
through which they may hope to make
a living."
Mr. Raine was particularly pleased
with the discipline and intelligence
shown by the pupils at the Phoenix
school.
"Two government inspectors were at
the school on the same day on which
the writer first visited it. Everywhere
was the busy hum of industry in the
classroom, on the hay field, in the
shops, in the steam laundry, and in the
dining room, where girls were setting
the tables for seven hundred hungry
pupils. Suddenly, the fire-drill bugle
rang out, and from every building
poured the dusky students. With
broad-shouldered young men, with
straight hair flying in the wind, came
racing across the campus from the field
and shop and dairy to the fire-house or
to the buckets awaiting such an emer
gency. Every student had his work to
do and did it, even if it were only keep
ing out of the way of those more act
ively employed. Presently, the hook
and ladder company came running to
the scene of the imaginary fire. The
extension ladder rose, the hose was at
tached, and a young man scrambled up
the ladder to the roof. "Two and a half
minutes," muttered the Inspector, pock
eting his watch as the stream of water
burst from the nozzle. The drill went
like clockwork, for when the Indian has
learned to do a thing he knows it for
all time.
"For skilled manual labor they seem
to have a natural aptitude. The Sloyd
teacher gave it as his opinion that the
Indians are more deft in the handling
of tools than white boys, but that they
are deficient in planning work. They
are obedient, easily handled in school,
diligent when they once acquire the
habit, but in ambition and in taking
the initiative, whether at work or at
mischief, they are much lacking. There
would be more hope for their outlook
in life if they were not so docile and
were more appreciative of their worth.
As it is, many of them, returning to
the squalid environment of the reserva
tions, will succumb to circumstances

which tend to make cleanliness and
industry not worthwhile, to the hope
less tribal sloth and inaptness.
The important and encouraging fact
remains, however, that, through the
government Indian school, civilization
is at last finding the red man. The
younger generation has awakened to
the fact that it must get into line with
modern progress or become an extinct
race."
As The Republican, and other papers,
as well as many statesmen, have often
pointed out, one of the discouraging
facts connected with the education of
Indian youth is the certainty that
when the young man or woman returns
to the reservation from the government
school it is necessary to run the gaunt
let of gibes and jeers from savage re
latives, and the result usually is that
the educated Indian is forced, in self
defense, to abandon the practices of
civilization, as well as the use of the
English tongue, and take up the habits
which distinguish the "blanket" In
dians. This, however, is but a tempor
ary obstacle, after all, for in time the
difficulty will adjust itself. That is to
say: the next generation, the children
of educated Indians, will meet a differ
ent reception when they return from
the schools. They will have encourage
ment from their parents instead of de
rision. And, of course, technical train
ing, training in farming, blacksmith
ing, carpentering, and the common mechanical arts, will make it less neces
sary for graduates to return to their
reservation homes. We do not think
that Mr. Raine has in any way exag
gerated the great importance of the
Phoenix Indian school.

Fifty Millions for Good Roads.
When Colonel Brownlow of Tenn.
introduced a bill in Congress, appro
priating $20,000,000 as a fund for na
tional aid to road improvement in the
United States, a good many people
were startled at the size of the figures.
The amount, however, seems very small
compared with the sum that a single
state now proposes to raise and spend.
The New York legislature has adopted
a constitutional amendment proposing
to raise and spend $5,000,000 annually
for ten years, or $50,000,000 in all. This
amendment must pass the legislature
again in 1905, and then it will go before
the people for ratification or rejection.
It can reasonably be expected that the
measure will meet with popular favor.
The people of New York have given the
principle of state aid a thorough trial
and the results have been highly satis
factory. One of the objections most loudly
urged against both state and national
aid is that it will encourage local com
munities to neglect the improvement of
their roads and depend on the state
and the federal government to do the
work for them. But this objection has
proven to be purely imaginary. In no
place, where state aid has been tried,
has any such result appeared. On the
contrary, aid from the state treasury
stimulates local self-help. It arouses
warm competition among the counties
and townships to secure a share of the
state aid funds. Instead of sitting
down and folding their hands, as pre
dicted, the local communities are rais
ing a great deal more money under the
stimulus of state aid than they did be
fore. A very important advantage that
comes from state aid is intelligent su
pervision in laying out roads, selecting
materials, and in methods of construc
tion. This may mean all the difference
between success and failure. Every
year millions of the people's hard
earned dollars are wasted, virtually
thrown away, in fruitless attempts to
patch up bad roads, to fill mud holes,
and to improve roads with unnecessary
steep grades, till because there is no
one in charge with the knowledge,
judgment and the authority to do the
work as it ought to be done.
"What is said of the advantages of
state aid applies all the more forcibly
to national aid. Its effect will be far
reaching. It will quicken the pulse of
the whole nation. It will arouse uni
versal activity. "Good roads" will be
come the people's watchword through
out the length and breadth of the land.
A quarter of a century of work under
national and state aid should give the
United States the best system of roads
in the world instead of almost the
worst, as at present.
It looks now as if national aid is
bound to come in the near future. Al
ready the state legislatures of Ala
bama, Tennessee, Wisconsin, New Mex
ico, Missouri and Minnesota have put
themselves on record in its favor.
The report that the Stork is once
more hovering over the Cleveland man
sion indicates that the race-suicide
issue will not figure in the next cam
paign should the democrats put Grover in the field against Roosevelt.
:c:x'W:--:'x-":-:::
CURRENT COMMENT
How to Burn Oil.
In the May number of "The Engi
neering Magazine" Professor Arthur L.
Williston presents some of the fruits
of experience with oil fuel in the United
States. At some future time he means
to consider the economic aspect of the
matter. Just now he confines himself
to the mechanism employed. The fact
is, even in such an apparently simple
operation as burning petroleum under
a steam boiler, many points of much
importance can be determined only
after several years of actual practice.
Until recently a history of this sort was

Southern California Advertisement

LARGEST BANK IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Farmers & Merchants National Bank

Of Los Angeles, Cal.
Surplus
Available Assets $8,943,656.99
DIRECTORS: Isaias W. Hellman, W. H. Perry, Herman W. [names garbled]
[Safe Deposit Department and Storage Vaults.]

GERMAN-AMERICAN
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
CAPITAL $200,000.00 ASSETS $3,700,000.00 SURPLUS $200,000.00
The Largest Savings Institution in Capital and Surplus on the Pacific Coast out-
side of San Francisco. Pays 4 per cent on deposits.
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS: M. N. Avery, President; Emil H. Johnson, Vice
President; C. Z. Flint, Second Vice-President; I. P. Schumacher, Cashier; F.
Lichtenheiner, Ast. Cashier; L. W. Hunn, A. C. Milicke, R. W. Stowell, Victor
Pont, Dr. Jos. Kurtz.

The Palace Cafe and Restaurant
Opposite the Nadeau Hotel.
ARIZONIANS' HEADQUARTERS
Concerts every day from 12 to 1:30, from 6 to 7:30, and from 8 to 12 nightly.
Best kitchen in connection. Imported and domestic ales on draught.
SCHNEIDER & FIEBER, Proprietors.
...THIS WEEK...
STRAWBERRIES ARE AT THEIR BEST
Fancy Brandon Wine Variety, 75c per box. Lady Thompson, 50c box.
Send your fruit and vegetable orders to us. We can please you.
RIVERS BROS., 520-522, 4105
600, 602, 604, 606 and 610 Traction street, Los Angeles, Cal.

...HOTEL CATALINA .
121 So. Broadway, Los Angeles. Convenient to all street cars; theaters.
Electric lines to the beaches. Elevator, bell service. Suites with baths. V.
to the Arizona trade. ALEXANDER & HOLAND, Props.

lacking in America. The tests made in
1887 by the Pennsylvania road showed
the feasibility of using liquid fuel cat
loc motives, but the matter went no
further. Oil was not adopted. An
other interesting experiment was the
operation of the big steam plant at the
world's fair in Chicago ten years ago
by the same agency. Yet the example
thus set was not followed extensively.
Only after petroleum was discovered
in abundance in California and Texas
did the art of burning it develop in
this country to a notable extent. In
three or four short years scores of
steamers in American waters and hun
dreds of locomotives have been equip
ped with apparatus for that purpose.
At last, therefore, the basis is afforded
for profitable study.
Freedom from smoke and cinders has
long been recognized as among the ad
vantages of liquid fuel. So, too. has
been the fact that it occupies only
about half as much space as the coal
needed to generate the same amount
of heat. At sea, both in the merchant
marine and the navies of the world,
this is a strong recommendation. More
room is thus left for freight, which
helps to pay dividends; or, a double
supply having been taken aboard, a
vessel's range of activity is correspond
ingly extended. A merit which will
further commend petroleum to naval
officers is mentioned by Professor Williston. Fires can be forced to a greater degree with oil than
with coal. The significance of that
possibility is seen at once when it is
remembered that in many crises dur
ing a war much depends on a slight in
crease in a warship's steaming capacity
either for a short period, as during the
chase after Cervera's fleet at Santiago,
or a long voyage like that of the Ore
gon from the Pacific coast to the West
Indies. It is not to be wondered at that
Admiral Melville favors a considerable
introduction of oil burning apparatus
into the fire rooms of the American
navy.
No one suggestion has contributed so
much to the efficiency of liquid fuel as
the idea of atomizing it before trying
to burn it. Whether the work should
be performed by means of compressed
air or steam, though, is a question upon
which experts differ. If only a light
pressure is adopted, air will probably
be the more economical, but Professor
Williston concedes that the advantage
disappears with high pressures. Still,
it appears that the prevalent notion
about water vapor possessing some fuel
value of its own is a fallacy, whereas
air is essential to combustion. Indeed,
more of it should be supplied than that
which carries the jet of spray into the
furnace. Other channels, leading past
or through brickwork, such as are used
in the Siemens steel process, are de
sirable, so that the air will be heated
before reaching the combustion cham
ber. Something can be gained, more
over, by raising the temperature of the
oil before atomizing it.
In the amount of detailed information
especially about burners, which here
afforded, Professor Williston meets a
rapidly growing demand. Nothing
so full and satisfactory has appeared in
the technical press during the last year
or two. Professor Denton's interesting
tests, twelve or fifteen months ago, re
lated only to the burning qualities of
Beaumont oil. His report concerning
them did not touch the mechanical
requisites of the art. Since the begin
ning of the coal strike of last summer
many owners of steam plants have
been wishing to find some such piece
of literature as is now put at their dis
posal. This may not answer all of the
questions which have arisen in their
minds, but it will repay careful exam
ination. New York Tribune.
How to Learn Chinese.
The new Chinese minister thinks it a
great drawback to the Chinese in this
country that they do not all understand
the English language, and an equal
drawback to Americans in China that
they do not understand the Chinese
language. There is undoubted truth in
that expression of view. He has met
only three Americans who could speak
Chinese so that it might be understood
and all three had traveled in China.
The American people, the minister
says, are densely ignorant of China's
history, mode of life, character, wealth
and poverty and the tremendous fu
ture of China. He proposes to estab
lish schools in this country to teach
Chinamen the English language. That
is a good beginning for Wu Ting-fang's
successor. A Chinaman who is intel
ligent and understands English is cer
tain to prosper in the United States.
As to China's great future, that must
come from outside aid. China is by no
means a new country, and the develop
ment of the race must result from out
side learning and pressure.
Chinese are apt in imitation and
quick to learn, and as foreigners in
crease in China the people there will
develop. When that nation has been
further developed, in the way Sir
Cheng-Tung Liang Chung expects to see,
it will become a great producer and also consumer. It will be beneficial
for American commercial men to
understand the language, and there
should be provision made in this coun
try to teach the Chinese tongue. Co
lumbia university is the only important
school in the country where provision
has been made to that end. Enlarge
ment is needed here at home in that
direction. Philadelphia Press.
THAT THIRD TERM OBSTACLE.
We still incline to the opinion that
the prevalence of prosperity and the
irritation of the Bryanites will fix
Mr. Cleveland in the belief that the ills
ten law against third terms is binding. Kansas City Journal.

B '..

LOS ANGELES
PREFERRED LIST
The purpose of this column is to supply the Arizona public with the names
and addresses of thoroughly reliable Los Angeles establishments. The list will
be found particularly valuable to those visiting the Coast. In dealing with Re
publican advertisers be sure to tell them where you saw the advertisement. They
will appreciate it and so will The Republican.

REGAL SHOES by Mail.
$3.00 PER PAIR. CARRIAGE CHARGES
PREPAID. All different patterns, long
styles. Self-measurement Banks and
Spring catalogue free upon request.
Los Angeles Store, W. Third St.
A. S. VANDERBILT, Manager.
AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS.
ARNOTT & COMPANY, Los Angeles,
Cal. Vehicles. Farm Machinery. Mail
orders solicited. Write for catalogue.
BUILDING AND LOAN ASS'NS.
State Mutual Building and Loan Asso
ciation. 141 South Broadway.
CARPETS AND RUGS-
T. GALINSTON & CO., 540-542 S. Broad
way. Curtains, draperies, China and Ja
pan mattings. All kinds of floor cover
ings. EMPLOYMENT AGENTS
Hummel Bros. & Co., 110-118 E. Second
St: Carefully selected help.
MRS. E. S. HAWLEY, 613 S. Broadway.
Special attention to Arizona orders.
FORTIN & HAWKINS
The Los Angeles Employment
Busters.
Large gangs a specialty. Both phones:
Main 418. 616-620 N. Los Angeles st.
MACHINERY, ENGINES, ETC.
WESTERN IRON WORKS, 1216 N.
Main St., manufacturers crude oil engines
and pumps. Complete irrigating plants.
WILCOX IRON WORKS, 917-919 N.
Main St., manufactures stamp mills, ore crush
ers, well tools. General machine work.

BROWNSBERGER
Home School of Bookkeeping & Graham Shorthand
53-055-057 West Seventh St., Los Angeles, Cal.
Pleasant study in the midst of the most beautiful home-like sur
roundings. Day and evening sessions.
Shorthand made easy by famous "Chalk Talks" by the Principal.
Machine at home free of charge. Spanish at low rates.
Every department under specialists.
Every graduate in a position. Ten teachers. Largest capacity in
the city. The Bookkeeping is the famous Budget System.
Send for illustrated Catalogue.
FLORIDA BROWNSBERGER, Principal.

MAY
The Most Beautiful
Month of the Year.
HOTEL
CASA LOMA,
Redlands, California.
The Best Accommodations.
The Dryest Climate.
The Purest Air.
The Grandest Scenery
in Southern California.
NO COSERVATIVES TAKEN.
When in
CATALINA
visit the McLEAVEY VILLAS.
Cool, restful, sightly. Day, week,
month or year. Ground for rent,
Prop., J. D. McLean, Carpenter, Ava
lon, Cal.
JAPANESE NURSERYMEN
AND FLORISTS.
Wholesale and Retail. Arizona orders
carefully filled.
JAPANESE NURSERY CO.,
J. KOBAYASHI, Prop.
117 W. Jefferson St., Los Angeles, Cal.

THE PIONEER ROLL PAPER CO.

On the Coast. Our brands are well known:
Reedy Rock, Marble-Face, Granite, Rubber Sanded, Rubber Maxine.
Send for Samples and Prices.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND
1 1/2 hours from Los Angeles, Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND CO., 71 S. Spring St., Los Angeles.

The same Great Band Augmented. The old and many new
amusement features.
UNPARALLELED FISHING. Wonderful, delightful and exclusive natural
attractions.
THE FAMOUS CANVAS CITY. The most perfect institution of its kind in the
world. Hundreds of model striped tents, high walls, awnings and fine floors.
Tents, Houses and housekeeping equipment entirely new this season at a cost
of $15,000.
Beautiful shade trees; macadamized streets; pure mountain water.
A modern garbage crematory. Perfect sanitary drainage system.
THE ISLAND VILLA. 120 cottages without board.
THE HOTEL METROPOLIS. Modern in all particulars. All electric lighted
and under our exclusive management.

Daily steamer service from San Pedro
Board Los Angeles Steamship Co., 71 S. Spring St., Los Angeles.

IMPERIAL,
The largest and best establishment of its kind on the Pacific coast. Seat
ing capacity 1,500. The best orchestra. The cuisine best on earth. Popular
prices. Music all day, which helps to digest your meals. 23 S. Spring St. Cor.
S. Broadway, Los Angeles. F. J. COTTA

James Jones & Co. Brass Works
1315-1317-1319 Main St., Los Angeles, Cal.
ELECTRIC RAILROAD BRASS SUP
PLIES. Extra steam linings, brass
valves, irrigation valves, office and bank
fixtures, plumbers' specialties. Prompt
attention given to all special brass work.
Brass and bronze castings. BUYERS' LIST
SCRAP BRASS and COPPER.
PATENTS
PATENTS. Copyrights, trade-marks.
Labels, U. S. and Foreign. Infringement
suits prosecuted and defended. Townsend
Bros., Twelfth block, Los Angeles, Cal.
PATENTS obtained. Send for free book on patents.
POULTRY SUPPLIES
HENRY ALBERS, 614 S. Main St.
Tools, poultry supplies. Catalogue free.
Send for free catalogue.
SANATORIUMS
PRIVATE HOME for ladies during con
finement. Best of care. Homes found for
children. Mrs. Dr. C. E. Smith, 77 Bellevue
Ave.
BALLARD PULMONARY SANATORIUM,
Pavonia, W. H. Ballard, Medical
Director. Write for Booklet.
OPTICAL GOODS
ADOLF FRESL
Eyeglasses, Optical Goods and
Draftsmen and Surveyor's Supplies.
Manufacturer and importer. Los An
geles, Cal., 116 S. Spring St. Sunset
Tel. Main 1642. Home Tel. 1042.
Money to Loan at Low Rates
Per building or on improved city prop
erty or in good outside towns.
NEW PLAN OF PAYMENT
Interest decreases if you pay. Our loans are made
and are paid off same as with a bank,
only you pay monthly. You do not mature stock to pay off a loan as in other
building and loan associations. A borrower can pay off a loan any time without
notice, penalty or forfeiture. If you want a loan call on or write our agents,
E. W. INSKEEP, Phoenix.
J. EDGAR WALKER, Phoenix, or
MARTINDALE & HODGES & CO.,
Prescott, or
A. OFFLLA. or WILLIS P. HAYNES,
Tucson.
State Mutual Building & Loan Association
C. J. WILSON, Pres., 111 S. Broadway.
Los Angeles, Cal.
SYCAMORE GROVE
NURSERIES
Office, 440 S. Broadway,
Los Angeles, Cal.
Largest stock of trees in the West.
Eucalyptus, Acacias, Peppers, Cypress,
etc., Palm, shrubs and fruit trees of
every description. Catalogues free.
Special attention given to Arizona
orders.

Los Angeles, Cal.
Are the largest Manufacturers of

Kodaks and Photo Supplies
We make a specialty of developing, printing and enlarging.
Mail orders given prompt attention. Send for Catalogue
ROWLAND & CO., 227 S. Broadway.