THIS ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, MONDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 11, 1899

CHARLES B.

MINING and MILLING MACHINERY

RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.

Mines and Mining

THE WEAVER DISTRICT.
Valuable Information of Mines In That
Part of Arizona.
Mr. John H. Hise of Kirkland, Ariz.,
superintendent of the Monte Cristo
mines, and who is now on a few
weeks' visit to Los Angeles, has writ
ten the following very interesting ac
count of mining affairs in the Weaver
district in Yavapai county, Ariz., and
which contains much valuable infor
mation: The Weaver mining district is situ
ated about thirty miles south of Pres
cott in Yavapai county, Ariz., on the
line of the Santa Fe, Prescott and
Phoenix railroad. The principal ship
ping point of the district is Kirkland.
The Congress mine is in the district,
having a branch road at Congress
Junction.
Aside from the Congress the next
mines of importance are the Monte
Cristo group, situated about nine miles
from Kirkland, nearly south. This
company have a fine ten-stamp mill
running day and night on ore that
averages from $12 to $18 per ton. Of
this value about $6 to $8 is caught on
the plates and about $10 on the tables.
This mine has a great future and is
now past the experimental stage, as
it produces from $5,000 to $8,000 per
month, with a large amount of ore in
sight. Telluride ore has been found
that assays $260 per ton. The indica
tions are that a body of this ore will
be found as development proceeds.
This company have water rights that
are a valuable adjunct to any mining
enterprise, especially in Arizona.
These rights comprise a canyon of 160
acres of land with an unlimited supply
of water about two and one-half miles
from their mine.
The Zonia Copper company have a
group of copper mines about nine
miles from the Monte Cristo, with a
smelter producing copper. The latest
advices from that mine report the ex
istence of a large body of copper ore.
The company have lately put in a gas
oline hoist and are now sinking five
hundred feet.
The President gold mine is also a
very rich mine. It has until recently
been worked by leasers, but is now
under bond to a company who will
erect a mill.
Rich Hill is creating quite a sensa
tion by its recent developments. This
camp has been known for years as the
"Klondyke of Arizona," as over a
million dollars in gold nuggets have
been taken from about five acres on
the crest of the hill.
Fool’s Gulch is now in full blast,
with a new ten-stamp mill.
The Congress gold mine needs no
extended mention. With 300 miners at
work, a forty-stamp mill and a cya
nide plant it furnishes its own evi
dence of prosperity.
There are several smaller properties
working in this district that promise
good returns, in fact, those best ac
quainted with Weaver district predict
the future will show grand returns to
investors. Depth has proven that the
mines are fissure veins, or at least
those that have attained depth are,
which is a most encouraging feature to
mining men.
The Revenue Gold company have a
group of mines that will soon be in
operation. They have a strong four
foot vein of ore carrying gold values
from six to ten and twelve dollars, and
as high as $350 per ton.
The Humming Bird group of four
claims is now under bond to eastern
capitalists, who will, it is believed,
erect in the near future a stamp mill
and add to the wealth steadily flowing
from the Weaver district that has so
long been locked up.
The Crowned King mine is well
known. It is situated in the Brad
shaw mountains, in Walnut Grove dis
trict, about thirty miles to the east of
Weaver.
The Crown Point is another fine
property. A ten-stamp mill has re
cently been erected on it. Several
other mines close to Weaver are evi
dences of the great fortunes that will
spring from this section in no great
length of time.
One feature that is so promising to
mining is the fact that capital does
not hesitate to assist the prospector to
develop mines that have any good
showing on the surface, provided the
locator is willing to divide the re
sults on a fair and equitable basis.
Capital is looking for investment that
has a fair showing for a return of
values.
There is one other fact I should not
omit mentioning here. We have about
three miles from Kirkland an immense
quarry of magnificent building stone.
It is that of which the new capitol at
Phoenix is being built. It is grayish
white in color, so soft in the quarry
that it can be sawn into blocks, yet
when subjected to the most intense
heat and then plunged into water does
not crack nor prejudicially affect it in
any way. Tests that have been made
of it establish that fact. Another
quarry of similar stone is in Peeples
valley about ten miles from Kirkland.
That these quarries will be of great
value when the value of them for
building purposes becomes known may
be accepted as an assured fact. One
valuable feature of the stone is that it
can be quarried into blocks of any
portable size, while being light in
weight compared with size.

WOLFRAM ORE.
Some Information of Its Demand, Use
and Price.
The following from the Engineering
and Mining Journal in answer to in
quiries gives information desired re
garding wolfram, the metal recently
discovered in commercial quantities in
this territory:
Tungsten—What is the price of
wolfram; what are its uses; where is
there a market for the ore, and where
is it produced in the United States?
E. R.
Answer: We have received a num
ber of inquiries regarding tungsten
recently. A full account of its uses,
occurrences of its ores, etc., may be
found in Vols. II and VII of the
“Mineral Industry.” Briefly, we will
say that tungsten is used chiefly to
make ferro-tungsten for the manu
facture of tungsten steel. One of the
salts, calcium tungstate, from its fluo
rescence, is used in Roentgen ray ap
paratus. The manufacturers of ferro
tungsten in the United States are the
Chrome Steel company of Brooklyn, N.
Y., Stein & Boericke of Philadelphia,
and Ash & Deininger of Phoenixville,
Pa. The production of ore in this
country last year was 78.8 long tons.
There is also a market abroad, but
any considerable increase in the
amount of ore offered would undoubt
edly lower prices decidedly. The value
of tungsten ore is determined by the
tungstic acid and the freedom from
sulphur and phosphorus, so varies
widely, while the price fluctuates ac
cording to demand. The ore is found
in Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado,
South Dakota, Nevada and Connecti
cut.

MINING NOTES.
Martin Costello, by his attorney,
Judge Reilly of Tombstone, has ap
plied at the local land office for a pat
ent for the Little Manchester mining
claim in the Warren district in Cochise
county. Tucson Citizen.
Last week E. B. Chalk and Jack
Walsh made a discovery of a vein of
high grade ore on Silver Bell moun
tain, says the Tucson Citizen, a little
above the famous old Silver Bell mine.
A sample of the ore assayed by Mr.
Hall at the McCabe mine, shows a
value of 520 ounces silver per ton and
the ore is good for 40 per cent lead. It
is on a claim worked many years ago
but this particular vein was overlook
ed at that time.
The chances are that the following
beats all records: “Pitty Bobhus and
George Klemp were offered $20,000 for
a twenty days’ lease on their Mine
mine. The offer was refused.” This
paragraph is from Mineral Wealth,
published at Kingman, Arizona, and
has reference to the Mine mine, owned
by the two parties mentioned in which
a very rich strike of silver and gold
was lately made, an account of which
was published in this paper on August
12th, the news of it having been com
municated to us by Mr. A. M. Mac-
Duffee of Chloride, Ariz. The strike,
to which reference is made, was in the
500-foot tunnel in which a twelve to
eighteen inch vein of ore was opened
up that goes from seven to eight
ounces in gold and 1,300 ounces silver
to the ton. With such values and such
a vein, it is not difficult to understand
that the owners refused $20,000 for a
twenty days’ lease of it. Mining Re
view.
The Amole mining district is now at
tracting considerable attention, says
the Citizen. Quite a number of our
citizens have located claims therein,
and recent developments appear to jus
tify the confidence it has won. Among
the locators are Messrs. W. S. Neff, G.
C. Brown and John O’Donnell. Mr.
Neff was seen by a reporter today, and
he seemed elated over the fine pros
pects of the district. His company
have twenty claims upon which they
are now doing assessment and devel
opment work. He says the formation
is lime and porphyry, and carries cop
per, silver and gold, principally the
former. Attorney Cooper and partner,
Blacksmith Martinez, and other well
known townsmen have promising
claims. If this district does not dis
appoint expectations, it will eventually
prove a valuable adjunct to Tucson’s
resources, as it is but twelve miles out,
although at present the road is about
six miles further. The Amole country
is worthy the attention of miners and
prospectors.

AMONG MEN OF NOTE.
As the genial “Autocrat of the Break
fast Table” gave to New England liter
ature one of her famous names, so
does it seem that the son is to attain a
like eminence in the learned annals of
the Bay state. Judge Oliver Wendell
Holmes II., who recently took his seat
as chief justice of the Supreme court
of Massachusetts, was a gallant soldier
during the rebellion, for years has been
an able and upright judge, and is a
scholarly and cultured gentleman,
holding fast to the traditions of a fam
ily whose ideals were of the highest.

He had hardly been awarded his de
gree at Harvard when he enlisted in
the Twentieth Massachusetts regiment.
When he was wounded at Antietam,
September 17, 1862, he was a captain
in his regiment, having been promoted
for gallantry. When he was mustered
out he was a brevet lieutenant-colonel.
Returning from the war, Col. Holmes
took up the study of the law, and soon
after he was admitted to the bar and
was recognized as one of the rising
lawyers at the Boston bar. He edited
the twelfth edition of “Kent’s Com
mentaries,” since recognized as the
standard edition of the famous work.
He was elected to the Supreme court of
his state 1882. His alma mater has
showered many honors upon him, and
in 1890 Yale conferred upon him the
degree of LL. D.

Max O’Rell, otherwise M. Blouet, is,
like most Frenchmen, a very domesti
cated person. His idea of perfect hap
piness is to spend a day quietly at home
with his wife and daughter, and it is a
source of constant lamentation with
him that necessity compels him to
spend most of his time in traveling
about and lecturing. M. Blouet is mar
ried to an English lady.

The German poet, Ernest Scheren
berg, celebrated his 80th birthday on
July 22d. His friends and admirers
took the occasion to make him a pres
ent of 20,000 marks, which he will
probably find more useful than a mon
ument after his death.

Dr. Ekholm, who had intended to ac
company Andree on his balloon trip to
the north pole, is convinced that the
undertaking failed because his ideas in
regard to the meteorological conditions
near the pole were not heeded. He is
now in Paris trying to arrange for a
new balloon trip.

Richard Croker is said to be an ex
pert swimmer. When the steam house
boat London touched at Atlantic High
lands recently Mr. Croker entertained
a large crowd by diving several times
from the top.

Senator Hoar’s memory is said to be
remarkable. He has stored away im
mense funds of the most miscellaneous
information, and can draw on it at a
moment’s notice with unusual accur
acy.

Gov. Steunenburg of Idaho has never
worn a necktie.

STORIES OF AUTHORS.
Sir Edwin Arnold Not Modest. Sir
Edwin Arnold, whose “Light of Asia”
has done much to familiarize the matter-of-fact
western world with orien
tal mysticism, is a man of strongly
marked personality. In common with
many other men of genius, he has his
little peculiarities, some of which oc
casionally raise the laugh against him.
It is related that upon a flying visit
from his Japanese home to England
he personally supervised the unloading
of the vans which carried his luggage.
As case after case was removed to his
temporary domicile he checked them
from a list with the care of an experi
enced supercargo. Suddenly he espied
a box labeled “Edwin Arnold.” Then
his massive brow grew dark. “That is
not my name,” he shouted, and seiz
ing a marking pot and brush, he wrote
the prefix “Sir” before the address in
letters fully a foot high. Pittsburg
Dispatch.

Kipling Had Great Pride. Julian
Ralph tells a good story of Kipling.
When he first went to London he set
himself up in humble lodgings and
took the copy for a reprint of his
“Plain Tales from the Hills” to the
Macmillans for them to decide whether
they would publish them. Weeks
passed and they decided to issue the
book. Then in the slow course of
time it came out, but before that the
Macmillans, suspecting that he needed
money, made him an offer of an ad
vance. He had nothing by this time,
yet he drew himself up proudly and
replied that when the book had been
published if the sales warranted the
payment of royalties he should be
glad to receive them, but he wanted
only his just dues and those only in
their regular course.
The book made a great hit and a re
porter of the Pall Mall Gazette was
sent to interview the new author. The
reporter fancied that he saw in the sur
roundings of the young celebrity cer
tain indubitable signs of poverty. He
may have been inclined to patronize
the youth a little and to bid him be of
good cheer, telling him that there
were signs of great strength in his
writings.
“Lord!” he exclaimed, when he got
away with his interview, “Kipling
talked like a man who had the world
for his oyster and had nothing to do
but eat it; not boastfully, like a weak
or vain man, but so confidently and
strongly that it is said that today the
interview reads like a talk with a man
who has done at least as much as Kip
ling has managed to do in all the years
that have passed since his maiden bow
to the world.” Los Angeles Times.

Balzac Read a Play Out of His Head.
Balzac once promised Lirieux, the
manager of the Odeon theater, in
Paris, a five-act drama, “The Springs
of Quinola.” He was so busy with
other work, however, that not till he
had been long and urgently impor
tuned did he promise to read his piece
to the company the next week. The
company gathered about him on the
day appointed and he read his five-act
play fluently through to the end. Lir
ieux was enthusiastic, ran up to shake
hands with the great writer, and turn
ed over the pages of the manuscript,
whose contents had pleased him
mightily. But what was this? There
were only four acts. The last pages
of the manuscript were blank. In sur
prise the manager asked what it all
meant. Balzac smiled and admitted
that he had not yet written out the
fifth act, but declared that he had it
as clearly in his head as if it already
stood on paper. “And,” continued the
poet, merrily, “I have in the same head
two more outcomes of the plot in case
the one I just read didn’t please you!”
Pittsburg Dispatch.

Story of Ruskin and an Artist. Mr.
Ruskin was taking a morning walk
down the road just in front of Brant
wood, when he saw a lady seated on a
camp stool making a sketch of the
house, and with a courteous grace,
which is intensely his own, he ad
dressed her, inquiring her reason for
choosing the house in question for her
subject.

“It is the house of the famous John
Ruskin,” she frankly answered.

“Have you met Ruskin?” he was
asked.

“No, indeed,” she replied. “If I had
I would have deemed it one of the
greatest privileges of my life.”

“Then, madam, if you care to follow
me, I will show him to you.”

In a twinkling the stool and easel
were packed up, and the artist eagerly
followed the guide. To her surprise
and gratification, he led her up to the
house, and entering bade his guest fol
low, which she readily did. On
marched the stranger into the drawing
room; then, placing his back to the
fireplace, a familiar attitude, he ex
claimed, to the amazement of his com
panion:

“Now, what do you think of Rus
kin?” London Outlook.