PAGE EIGHT
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, WEDNESDAY MORNING, MAY 9, 1917

FREIGHT COST
RAISES PRICE

There has been some comment lately regarding the difference in price of
gasoline in Phoenix compared with Los
Angeles, and other points. Investiga
tion discloses the fact that gasoline
is listed at 20 cents retail in Los
Angeles and 26 cents in Phoenix. The
difference in price is made up in freight
from the oil fields, it of course is

known that Los Angeles is in the midst
of oil fields..

Information from the Standard Oil
company's headquarters in Phoenix
shows that the rate from Los Angeles
to Phoenix in tank car shipments is
83 cents per 100 pounds. A gallon of
gasoline weighs 6.6 pounds, and the
freight is therefore, 5 1/2 cents per gal
lon on a tank car basis. Shipments
in iron barrels due to the weight of
the barrels average in carload lots,
eight pounds to the gallon, or 6.6 cents
per gallon in freight shipment rate so
that those who have been trying to
figure why there should be the differ
ence in price existing can for them
selves figure the reasons.

Hire a little salesman at The Re-
publican Office

11

S3

, CORONADO TENT CITY

CORONADO BEACH, CALIFORNIA
Unique and Thoroughly Enjoyable SUMMER VACATION PLACE.
FREE CONCERTS CORONADO TENT CITY BAND
Bay and Surf Bathing, Boating, Fishing, Motoring, Dancing
Write for Summer Folder
GEORGE A. CHENEY, Mgr., Coronado Beach

EXCURSIONS EVERY DAY TAKEN

Los Angeles Agent, H. V. Norcross, 527 South Spring St.

Fourteen law students, among them
five women, took the examination for
admittance to the Arizona bar yester
day. The examining board consisted of
Patrick O'Sullivan, Prescott; Selin M.
Franklin, Tucson; and Judge A. C. Baker
of Phoenix, the tests being con
ducted in the senate chamber at the
state house.
Results of the examination will be
announced before members of the state
supreme court at 10 o'clock this morn
ing. The successful candidates or those
on whom favorable reports are made,
will automatically be eligible for ad
mittance to the bar and will be sworn
in some time during the day. Those
passing this test will be eligible to
practice law in all courts of the state.
The candidates were as follows: Julia
M. Praam, Holbrook; Louise Cleveland,
Phoenix; Archie It. Conner, Tucson;
Albert fi. Cox, Roosevelt; J. L. Kitts,
Patagonia; Mrs. Ethel Wood Linney,
Prescott; C. ft. McFall, Phoenix; Norris
Montgomery, Mesa; Tillma S. Rush,
Phoenix; Frank M. Ryan, Holbrook;
Edwin R. Starr, Superior; Miss Wally
Vogel, Phoenix; Miss Edwina R. Yo
gel, Phoenix and Raymond P. Westervelt, Prescott.

i TIME TO GIVE

PEACE CONDITIONS

The Undersigned Offers for Subscription 80,000 Shares of the
Capital Stock of the

(Incorporated under the laws of Arizona)
AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK 340,000 SHARES
(All outstanding)
At Par $5.00 per Share
REGISTRAR OF STOCK
EMPIRE TRUST COMPANY, 120 Broadway, New York
TRANSFER AGENT
WOODBURY, & COMPANY, 44 Pine Street, New York
LOCATION
THE ARIZONA BINGHAMTON COPPER COMPANY'S property is lo
cated in the Copper Mountain District, County of Yavapai, Arizona, about four
miles from the Town of Mayer and about five miles from the Town of Hum
boldt. The property comprises approximately 175 acres and includes a town and
town site and the buildings located thereon.
EQUIPMENT
The mine is equipped with a full plant of modern mining machinery suffi
cient to handle 250 tons of ore a day; also a modern flotation mill, operated by
electric power, now treating 125 tons of ore per day. The mill capacity is now
being increased to 250 tons daily. By June 1st the production and income
should be double that of the present.
From August 15th, 1916 to April 1st, 1917, 24,802 tons of ore were treated by
the mill and were reduced to 2,389 tons of concentrates. These were shipped
to the Consolidated Arizona Smelting Company at Humboldt, and averaged
21.43% copper.
This Company, after deducting all smelting, refining and copper selling
charges, paid between these dates to the ARIZONA BINGHAMTON COP
PER COMPANY for these concentrates, $243,570.60 NET.
THE UNDERSIGNED now offer for subscription, 80,000 shares of the capital
stock of the ARIZONA BINGHAMTON COPPER COMPANY at Five ($5.00)
Dollars per share, payable as follows:
TWO ($2.00) DOLLARS per share to accompany the application
for subscription and the balance of THREE ($3.00) DOLLARS
per share payable upon notice of allotment. If less than the num
ber of shares applied for is allotted, the sum paid on subscription
will be credited on the number of shares allotted. On failure to
make the final payment when due, the amount paid on subscrip
tion will be forfeited.
Applications for subscriptions should be addressed to the undersigned at their
offices, No. 44 Pine Street, New York City, on or before May 10th, 1917, upon
which date subscriptions close.
The undersigned reserve the right to reject any application, or to allot a less
number of shares than applied for.
Statements and figures contained herein are official or are the firm's opinion based upon information considered by it reliable, but it does not guarantee them.
WOODBURY & COMPANY
44 PINE STREET NEW YORK CITY
A limited amount of the above offering has been reserved for Arizona and
applications for allotments will be received by me at any of my offices.
Checks should be made payable to the BANK OF ARIZONA, Prescott, Ari
zona, and forwarded with applications ON OR BEFORE MAY 10, 1917, to
R. ALLYN LEWIS
PHOENIX PRESCOTT BISBEE GLOBE JEROME
Correspondent:
E. F. HUTTON & CO.
Members New York Stock Exchange

Republican A. P. Leased Wire
COPENHAGEN (via London), May
8. Notwithstanding the promise of
the imperial German chancellor to
answer peace interpellations in the
reichstag, the prediction may perhaps
be hazarded that Dr. von Bethmann
Hollweg again will find it no time to
expose the government's peace condi
tions to the sunlight of publicity, and
that the reply will move through the
broad shadowland of generalities and
linguistic subtleties lying between the
earlier indefinite declarations and the
realm of plain statement regarding the
government's aims and peace policy.
At least this would appear at present
to be his intention, judging by the in
spired Berlin dispatch in the Cologne
Gazette, which declares that nobody
acquainted with the difficulties of
foreign affairs in war one coalition
against another could see in the
chancellor's refusal to commit himself
either to an imperialist program of
conquest or to the socialist plan of
renunciation, evidence of weakness,
and that the chancellor, confident that
the great majority of Germans are
with him, will continue to follow his
old course, not yielding to the pressure
of the right or left.
It remains to be seen how far he
can adhere to this determination
against the steadily waxing pressure,
if not from the general public, the
Cologne Gazette continues, then at
least from organized parliamentary
opinion and aggressive, purposeful
newspapers of all parties, except the
center, which has, notwithstanding
earlier similar declarations of indepen
dence, forced the chancellor to tear off
one veil after another from his peace
concept and expose its form to the
public eye.
The discussions Thursday by the
reichstag committee of the Belgian
problem, for example, probably re
vealed to the members considerably
more of Dr. von Bethmann Hollweg's
program for Belgium than appears in
the newspapers.
The reports of the sitting, which, as
usually, were censored by both the
chairmen and representatives of the
administration before their publica
tion, show, however, that Vice Chan
cellor Helfferich listened without expostulations to a discussion of radical
representatives of the separation of
Belgium into Flemish and Walloon
states as the sole way to the German
goal.
o

THINK OF IT ONE PRODUCT
SCORES OF FARM USES
In B-K the POWERFUL disinfectant (NOT A POISON), you have in one clean glass bottle a
concentrated liquid safe for children, old folks, or the hired help to handle that can be
heavily diluted with water and used as a rapid disinfectant; also for mixing in the drink
ing water; also for treatment for many contagious disease of cattle, hogs and poultry.

Our bulletins give scores of farm uses.
B-K is worth from 2 to 10 times as much as any coal tar disinfectant or carbolic acid on the
basis of germ-killing power alone. Its other remarkable advantages make it entirely in a
class by itself.

Come in and get these
FREE Farm Bulletins.

Awarded Gold Medal Pan-Pacifc "trial offer" and bulletins on Farm Disinfection,
Exposition. Treats Abortion, Cattle Scours, Hog Sanitation and Poultry
Diseases.

WE SELL B-K On 30 Days Trial GUARANTEED
Quarts $1.00; Gallons $2.50; 5 Gallons $11.00.
OWL DRUG STORE

THE REXALL STORE
A. H. Miller, Mgr.

Motorcycle Delivery

First Avenue and Adams

RIFLE RANGE
POPULAR SPOT

The Phoenix rifle range, which is lo
cated five miles east of town on the
McDowell road, is getting to be a pop
ular place for those who like the shoot
ing game, both rifles and revolvers
being very much in evidence.
Men who didn't think they could
shoot a pistol at all have discovered
that they could hit the target, which is
six feet square, and sometimes they
actually hit the bullseye, which is four
inches in diameter, and some of the
fellows who think it looks so easy find
that they don't always shoot
where you look.
Vic Manny, the popular member of
the club, donated a handsome cup to
be shot for with the service revolver
of the United States army. C. V. Cul
ley won this cup the first time it was
shot for, last Sunday, with the score
of 160, and will hold the cup for the
next six months, when it will be shot
for again.
On the last Sunday in May a beau
tiful trophy will be shot for, open to
anyone in the state. This cup was
given by the Phoenix Chamber of Com
merce three years ago and is known
as the "Statehood Admission Cup," and
is to be held by the winner for one
year. At present the cup is held by
Major ——, who is with the First
Arizona Infantry on the Mexican bor
der, won with a score of 97 out of a
possible 100 points. The course to be
shot is as follows: 1,000 yards, rapid
fire, five shots; 500 yards, rapid fire,
five shots; 300 yards, slow fire, five
shots; 200 yards, slow fire, five shots;
other distances allowed.
At present the "A" class cup given
by the club and month, is held by
Lieutenant La Tourette.
The "B" class cup is held by Mullenbaugh.
"C" class cup is held by Ray De Mund.
Walter Heije has donated a cup to be
known as the "Novice" cup and can
only be shot for by those who have
never fired the course in a regular
match. The cup is now held by Mr.
Marlow.
The club has a man employed at the
range all the time and telephone con
nection has been established and those
wishing to shoot can call up and have
the targets all ready when they arrive.
See Chapman at Vic Manny's for am
munition and get some practice while
the weather is nice.

Attorney F. Louis Zimmerman made
an arrangement with Sheriff Wilky
whereby the woman could remain in
his own home. She will be closely
guarded day and night by two special
deputies of the county. At 10:30 o'clock
Saturday morning she will be given a
preliminary hearing. Relatives of her
self and the murdered woman, who was
her sister-in-law, Mrs. Amanda Butts,
will testify in the case.
The condition of the accused woman,
who is to become a mother, was re
sponsible for the special courtesy being
shown her.

SB III

Unable to furnish the $5,000 bond
placed by Justice D. Souza, before
whom Mrs. Ethel Butts was arraigned
yesterday on the charge of murder, her

True BULGARIAN
BUTTERMILK
Make the True Lactic
Acid Fermented Milk Bev
erage of the Balkans daily
in your home with the fer
ment used by the native
peoples. It's a live, spongy
growth of the order of
fungi; thrives in milk; grows
with use; lasts forever. High
ly treasured among native
peoples who preserve and
hand them on from generation
to generation. Recently brought to
America. Makes a snappy,
nutritive, healthful drink.
Postcard brings full in
formation. KOUMESE-KULTURE Co.
3 Steele Bldg., Denver, Col.

SIXTEEN VICTORIES

The record of the Tempe high base
ball team during the season just
closed is one of which any team
might well be proud. Out of a total
of 19 games played, the squad had
a record of 16 victories and three de
feats but the team did not suffer de
feat at the hands of any high school
nine.
This phenomenal record is illus
trative of what a team can accom
plish by hard work. Soon after the
Christmas vacation, the squad donned
its baseball suits and began daily
work. Long grinds finally moulded
the team into a finely working piece
of machinery.
Great interest was manifest in base
running and sliding and it was large
ly due to these finer points of the
game that gave the team its ad
vantage over other state squads. Every
member of the team was imbued
with the spirit of team play rather
than individualism.
Hegi, the clever little shortstop,
clearly demonstrated his ability on the
infield. He was easily far superior
to any other short fielder in the
state, both as a defensive and of
fensive man. As a leader he was pop
ular and conservative, but possessed
the personal characteristics of a true
sportsman.
Stewart by his all around ability
earned the place as second sacker on
the all-state nine. He played his posi
tion cleverly and was a dangerous
man at bat and on the bases.
Nevitt, besides Hegi, was undoubt
edly the most important cog in the
Tempe machine. He had a fast break
ing curve, a good change of pace and
excellent control. Probably his great
est asset was his change of pace,
which he worked to perfection. He
had the faculty of holding base run
ners close to their bases with the re
sult that the opposition had little op
portunity to steal bases.
Pafford was awarded state honors at
third base. While not an excep
tionally brilliant fielder, he played a
steady game at the far corner and
could be counted upon to do his share
in the offensive.
Although Milam, the little backstop,
did not win a place on the mythical
team, his was a case of personal
sacrifice for the good of the team.
His regular position was at second
base, at which position he could
easily have won his way onto the
honorary nine but he willingly
forewent that position to better the
team.
Following is the team record for
the season: Evans 5, Tempe 3; Tempe
16, Evans 3; Tempe 9, Phoenix 11; Tempe 5, Asylum Guards 2; Tempe 7,
Glendale 3; Asylum 4, Tempe 1; Tempe 21, Chandler 10; Tempe 14,
Tempe Normal 3; Tempe 1, Tempe
Normal 2; Tempe 6, Mesa 0; Tempe
19, Indian School 1; Tempe 5, Asylum
Guards 0; Tempe 11, Chandler 2;
Tempe 10, Glendale 2; Tempe 5, In
dian School 2; Tempe 13, Mesa 6;
Tempe 8, Chin Academy 1; Tempe 5,
Glendale 0; Tempe 5, Phoenix 1.
The team batting averages for the
season was as follows:

Batting Averages

At Bat H R Ave.
Hegi 19 6 5 .431
Pafford 17 6 3 .353
Nevitt 19 8 8 .421
Winkelman 14 5 3 .357
Milam 17 6 3 .352
Stewart 18 6 3 .333
Orduno 15 5 2 .333
Hudlow 19 5 4 .263
Pike 14 3 1 .214

ARMY CLERK ENDS LIFE

Republican A. P. Leased Wire
EL PASO, May 8. The dead body of
James H. Emery, 50 years old, civilian
chief clerk in the army headquarters
both under General J. J. Pershing and
General George Bell, Jr., was found in
his bedroom in an El Paso hotel to
night with a revolver still clutched in
his hand. One of its chambers was
empty, and the bullet had passed
through his heart. Emery, who was
widely known in the army, arrived in
El Paso only yesterday after a long
absence on sick leave, which he passed
with his sister, Mrs. J. I. Dykins of
263 Lexington Avenue, Rochester, N. Y.

.A . U .. A
" If If
: A a j, A

S4;,-,ir

4

Z-.-.-3

if

AERMOTOR Windmills are the product of 25 years' experience in building
steel windmills.
The AERMOTOR is not only the most economical pumping device because
of its long wearing qualities, but also because it takes so little of your time
and uses so little oil. An oil tight steel helmet covers the gear case, thus
eliminating every particle of waste.

INVEST IN AN AERMOTOR

equipped with a Tripod Tower, or, if you have a Tower already standing, let me install an AERMOTOR
head. You can fit an AERMOTOR to ANY tower.
GALVANIZED TANKS
in connection with your pumping and irrigation problems are your first requisite after installing your
Windmill. I am equipped to do all classes of sheet metal work, such as water and oil storage tanks,
dipping vats, watering troughs, roofing jobs, garbage cans, guttering, canteens, etc.
Send me your mail orders all work done under my personal supervision, and at prices that are in
keeping with first class work.
Estimates furnished on application.

GEO.
HAGERHAMS

Plumber Metal Worker
Second Street and Adams . Telephone 712

Phoenix, Arizona