12

-M-ri-H II lllll I"l Ml IHI111II 11;

4-M-M-M-M-4H- -H-M-H--HH-I-HM-r-H-'HH fr-H-H-I-

SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA ADVERTISEMENTS

1hH"I"H"I"H"H' i i"i i i"i"i"!"H"H .;. ; i H-M-i-fr ,ai . w-h-h-h--h-h-W '!'';"1": i i i H"M"H"n i tH-

Every Dainty Woman
Loves purity and cleanliness above all things.
That is why thousands of American women are now using Dr. Valeur's
Bandage de Menstruation. Every woman who has once tried this wonderful
appliance during monthly periods
Uses
it regularly each month because of its sanitary excellence and absolute se
curity. Dr. Valeur's Bandage De
Menstruation
a sterilized appliance made from real linen and pure silk rubber is recom
mended by European and American physicians. It is as light as a feather,
delightful to wear, never chafes, but best of all it is absolutely safe. Indis
pensable when traveling, yachting or automobiling.
Prices. $1.00 prepaid, in plain sealed package.
E. V. LOVE CO,
1133 Broadway. New York City.

GLENDALE SANITARIUM
GLENDALE, CALIFORNIA, LOS ANGELES. This magnificent Sanitarium
is run with Battle Creek methods, being one of the most healthful spots in
California, surrounded by beautiful valleys and mountains; sea breezes;
beautiful drives; reasonable rates. Keep well now and hereafter by spending
a while at this charming health resort. Booklet can be had at
The Republican office, or by writing J. J. Wessels, Mgr.
HOTEL ORENA
Los Angeles, Cal., corner 7th and Hope streets. Beautifully furnished;
highest class; very low summer rates. Also housekeeping apartments, 3
rooms each, completely furnished. 8 a week, with kitchen, bath, 'phone. 812
West 4th, 334 South Figueroa. 204 to 222 North Fremont. 1133 to 1141 West
First, 536 Crocker St., Los Angeles, California. Cars to all beaches.
BEAUTIFUL RESORT OF PICO HEIGHTS, LOS ANGELES.
PICO HEIGHTS HOTEL
American and European plan. Special Rates to families; all home comforts;
excellent table board. Write for illustrated booklet, reservations and lowest
rates. Pico Heights Hotel. 1318 Vermont Ave., Los Angeles.

LONG BEACH SANITARIUM
LONG BEACH, CALIFORNIA.
A medical and surgical Sanitarium in Southern California by the sea.
Affiliated with the great BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM, and one of the
finest and best equipped of its kind west of Battle Creek. Building new
and strictly modern in every appointment. Rooms single, en suite, and
With private bath. Fine spacious treatment rooms, where all Battle Creek
Sanitarium means, methods and appliances are used. Graduate nurses and
trained manipulators. Roof garden and sun parlor overlooking the Pacific
from which comes the gentle, cool, refreshing ocean breezes, that make
the summer climate of Long Beach the finest in the world. Tennis court
and other out-door sports. Magnificent beach, where bathers may be seen
every day in the year. A health home with excellent service and every ac
commodation for one's comfort. Tourists will appreciate the homelike ad
vantages offered here. Reasonable rates. Visitors welcome. For further
Information address W. Ray Simpson, Mgr.

HEALTH

The Southern Californian,

614 S. Grand Avenue, Los Angeles, Cal.
Send for Catalogue J. W. LACKEY, Manager

Paradise Valley Sanitarium
IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, 5 MILES FROM SAN DIEGO.
A well equipped medical and surgical establishment like Battle Creek
Sanitarium. Absolutely the only sanitarium in Southern California
having a cool summer climate, every day delightfully sunny; overlooking San Diego Bay and the Pacific. Write for booklet "C." H. W.
Lindsay, Mgr., National City, Calif.

ARIZONA I

BIMINI HOT SPRINGS HOTEL. LOS ANGELES. The most curative
treatment known for rheumatism, beautiful scenery, cool ocean breeze, Hot
Springs water in every room: no noise, no dust, no tips. Street car to door.
Pamphlets at Republican office or by writing Dr. G. W. Tape, Medical
Supt.

PEOPLE

SIERRA MADRE VILLA SANITARIUM, LOS ANGELES
Mental. Nervous. Epileptic. Asthmatic. The Oldest Health Resort of South
ern Calif. Ideal Foothill Environment of the Land of Fruit and Flowers;
No Frosts, Heat, Fog, nor duststorm. Experienced care and treatment. Ad
dress, Dr. A. B. Shaw, Pres., 318 Clay. St., Los Angeles, or Lamanda, Calif.
Our Free Daily Market Letter
mailed every night after the close, is the only way for out-of-town traders
to keep posted. Write for it. Also our book, "How to Buy and Sell Mining
Stocks." Only Mining Brokers In Los Angeles operating private wire to
San Francisco and New York.

Local leaders here are determined not
to permit a misapprehension of real
conditions and the bogie of "presidential fear" to delay the realization of
general prosperity if energetic action
on their part can prevent it.

Los Angeles Stock Brokerage Co.
Citizens' Nat'l Bank Bldg. Los Angeles,
Los Angeles, Cal.

HOLLENBECK HOTEL
LOS ANGELES.
A. C. Bilicke. John S. Mitchell.
TWO NEW ELEVATORS. NEW FIRE PROOFING.
NEW FURNITURE. NEW PLUMBING.
Fifty Thousand Dollars worth of Improvements made this season
for the comfort, safety and convenience of our guests.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ARIZONIANS.

1 1 "". . . ! -V'M . isi , ,

it-:

Agnew Sanitarium and Hospital
IN SAN DIEGO, SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. Handsomest and best
equipped establishment of its kind in the west, offers at reasonable
rates accommodations which are superior in every respect and combine
the comforts and luxuries of the home. San Diego is noted for its
even climate the year around. Write for full particulars.

SECURITY BUILDING

SECURITY

Savings BANK Los Angeles

OLDEST AND LARGEST IN THE SOUTHWEST.
WE DO A BANKING BY MAIL BUSINESS AND PAY 4 PER CENT
INTEREST ON ORDINARY ACCOUNTS WHICH MAY, BY AR
RANGEMENT, BE CHECKED AGAINST WITHOUT PRESENTA
TION OF PASS BOOK.
RESOURCES OVER $20,000,000.00

Si-

ran

J, - Jl I
Xt arl

-! TJ

'ivV w. vmri -vt

n
id

m

rr,

ra

I V

.-,'v V
S
is
Via
- Wr

y-T

S stories and basement full of New
Dependable Furniture, Carpets and
Draperies.

Cordially invited to make
our store
HEADQUARTERS WHEN
IN LOS ANGELES.
Have your mail addressed in our care.
Tell your friends to meet
you here.
We have a large rest
room for the ladies.
Free telephones, writing
materials.
Other conveniences for
your comfort.
Craftsman
Furniture
We are sole agents for
the celebrated Gustav
Stickley Craftsman Furniture.

One Price Prompt Delivery Mail Orders
Solicited

ASK YOUR DEALER OR WRITE US

809 So. Hill St, Los Angeles, Cal.
Strong, Original, Practical, SUCCESSFUL. Belongs to no "chain" or trust
class or clan absolute MERIT Its only alliance. class or clan absolute MERIT Its only alliance. Concentrated, enthusiastic, COMPLETE. A school of FORCE, CHARACTER and INFLUENCE.
Prestige of long experience, thousands of graduates every one a WOOD
BURY testimonial and a vital force in the world. "BETTERNESS" Its
distinctive quality. "The Success of the Student" Its slogan. Entire year
begin when ready. POSITIONS SECURED. Write for "Catalogue VI"
It is illustrated. Interesting, instructive. INSPIRING.

tire dfo

640-646 SOUTH HILL ST.
Los Angeles, California.

SANTA CATALINA ISLAND
Season 1908.
GREATEST FISHING TOURNAMENTS.
Auspices "Tuna" and "Light Tackle Clubs," Boating, Bathing, Hunting, Golf. Tennis, etc.
CANVAS CITY Hundreds of tents In shady groves.
HOTEL METROPOLE European and American plan.
ISLAND VILLA HOTEL Rooms single, $5.00 per week upwards;
$8.00 for two.
WRITE FOR INTERESTING PRINTED MATTER.
BANNING COMPANY, 104 Pacific Electric Building, Los Angeles, Calif.

. id

Hotel Ingraham
INGRAHAM AND BIXEL STS, LOS
ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.
A full-fledged city hotel on the Amer
ican and European plans. New,
luxurious, restful. Beautiful lawns and
Mission Piazza. Always cool and free
from dust, and noise. Take Seventh
St., car on Broadway to Bixel.
B. BEYER, Prop.

KM A

n IXSSIS ROOFING!

SANDED

BEST BY EVERY TEST

Our Booklet "Roof Talk" together

with samples of Rubber Sanded Roofing, will be
sent post-paid upon request. Being absolutely
rain-proof and sun-proof, Rubber Sanded Roof
ing is held in high favor by contractors and
builders wherever it has been introduced in
Canada, Mexico and throughout the Pacific Coast
States.
Let us put you in touch with our local agent
in your community.
Pioneer Roll Paper Co.
Makers of Rubber Sanded and Rubber Fluxing Roofing
DEPARTMENT 67 LOS ANGELES, CAL.

r '.ikfnrfl

ROOFING

it

sr.

u I I'

iyj

Water Pipe
Cheap
Twenty-five Carloads New
Being Unloaded in Los
Angeles
C (0CO feet of this shipment is sec-
i.I-hand pipe, practically as good a
new, and is now on sale at a 40 per cent
discount by the Adams Pipe Works. 2019
Pay street. Sizes and prices: 1-8 inch,
14 cents per foot; 1-4 inch, 22 cents
per foot; Vt-inch, 2Vi cents per foot;
inch, 3Vi cents per ft; 1-inch, 4 cents
per foot; 1-lnen, 6 cents per foot; 1-2
Inch, 7 cents per foot; 2-inch, 9Vi cents
per ft: 2-1-4-inch, Vi cents per foot; 3-inch, 18 cents per
foot; 3-1-2-inch, 20 cents per foot; 4-
32 cents per foot.
well casing prices and sizes: 2-
7 cents per foot; 2-1-4-inch, 9 cents
per foot; 3-inch, 13Vi cents per
ft; 3-1-4-inch, 15 cents per ft; 2-1-3
inch, 17 cents per ft; 4-inch, 18
cents per foot. All pipe is carefully
inspected, new equipment and new
fittings are put on every piece every
joint is guaranteed to be first class
serviceable pipe. Wire is sold in
any amount. Small orders are given
the same attention as large ones.
Mail orders promptly filled. To reach
the Adams Pipe Works in Los Angeles,
take car marked Pacific Boulevard,
starting east on Seventh street from Broadway. All lines will transfer to East Seventh street new line.
Ask conductor to let you off At Daisy
street and go east half block. Phones
A1917, Broadway 1203.

What

In Los Angeles
Stop at the

Hotel
Westminster

European, Plan
$1.00 per day and up
With bath $1.50 and up
Moderate Priced Cafe
Unexcelled Cuisine
Centrally Located
100 Rooms with Bath

4th and Main Sts,
Los Angeles, Cal.

Venice of America
Finest Beach Resort in the world.
Bathing, Boating, Fishing, Dancing,
daily, free concerts, etc.
Villas and Bungalows clean, cool
and complete. $17.50 to $33 per month.
Apply Villa Office. Venice, Cal.

Cor. Sixth & Hope
Streets.
HOTEL ACACIA
European plan.
Every modern con
venience; elevator
service. Low summer
rates.

Ben H. Crow, Prop., Los Angeles, Cal.

FLOWERS FOR DECORATION DAY.
Carnations, 23c doz.; $1.50 per hundred; $7.50 per thousand.
Calla Lilies, 50c per doz.; $3.00 per 100.
Roses, 50c-75c per doz.
Marguerites, $1.50 per 100.
Asparagus Plumosus sprays, $1.00 per 100.
Asparagus Plumosus strings, 8 ft., 50c each.
Asparagus Sprengeri sprays, $1.00 per 100.
Fresh Flowers packed in light pasteboard boxes.
Cash with order or will be shipped C. O. D.
ARMACOST NURSERIES, OCEAN PARK. CAL.

SWEEPING MADE EASY.
Stop tying or pinning cleaning cloths
on your broom, use LAITMER'S
BROOM CLIP.
Instantly and firmly hooks any rag
or cloth to your broom. Cloth can be
adjusted in an instant and will stay
on until worn out or taken off.
This clip instantly converts the or
dinary broom into the best kind of
sweep for hardwood floors, painted
floors, linoleum, dusting walls, wood
work etc. Also serves as a hanger for
broom. The clip is always ready, as
it stays right on the broom until the
broom is worn out when you transfer
clip to new broom. Practically indes
tructible. Don't get down on your
hands and knees to wipe your floors,
let the broom clip do the work.
Price by mail 12 cents.
MERRILL CO.
Henne Bldg, Los Angeles.

i t , k V , & f
K :. ' i "
V,.-. ..'.- ., -i d-- " ' ' :

America's Most Famous Summer Resort

Never Hot Never Cold Always Delightful
Coronado Tent City
Open Now. Reduced Rates Until June 10th
Coronado Tent City is located on a peninsula running almost parallel with
the California Coast at San Diego, with the Pacific Ocean on one side, the
Bay of San Diego and the mainland on the other.
Such a location combined with the unparalleled Southern California
climate insures all natural comforts. The engineering and art of man have
added every luxury.
Coronado Tent City is literally a city of tents and Palm tent houses,
large and small, furnished or unfurnished, with kitchen tents in rear if de
sired, accommodating one to eight people. Tents grouped about a common
court for social or fraternal societies.
300 NEW PALM TENT HOUSES

300 New Palm Tent
Houses
Nothing like them anywhere.
Delightful to live in.
Free electric lights.
Free ice water.
Pure mountain water piped direct to
your tent.
Perfect sanitary conditions.

New 700-foot Pleasure Pier
Fine Fishing
The famous Coronado Band.
Better than ever, the old favorites and
some new ones.
Fine large bathing pool for children.
First class Cafe, lunch counter and
deli-catessen.
Fresh fruits, vegetables and milk,
Prices very reasonable.

Literature sent, free tells all about the place. How to get there, what
It costs. Helpful suggestions. Write at once, address
JOSHUA S. HAMMOND, Mgr., Coronado Tent City.
Coronado Beach, California.

T. H. F. Norcross, Agent, 334 South Spring Street, Los Angeles, California.

R. O. JOHNSON
Proprietor

The fact that the style of abode
in which most of the residents of
America's greatest city live is of com
paratively recent invention was called
to the attention this week by the death
of Thomas McKegney, the "father of
the flat." It was fifty-five years ago
that the first of the buildings for
which the Harlem section has since
become famous was put up. It ac
commodated five families and was
without any frills. Today nearly 3,
000,000 persons in Greater New York
dwell in this sort of building, that is
in apartments, flats or tenements. In
1858, when McKegney began the wholesale construction of his flats in Harlem the prevailing residence was a de
tached house of two stories, basement
and attic. These, incredible as it
seems, increased demand for them. It was, however, to meet this increase that McKegney conceived the
idea of building "a lot of houses in a
bunch," as he expressed it, and as a
result to him more than to any other
cause is due the disappearance of the
single house. Today less than 20,000
families in Greater New York own the
houses they live in, and a single dwell
ing of any size and pretensions is pos
sible only for the very rich. Probably

In no other way is the rapidity of met
ropolitan expansion shown so graph
ically as in the development of the
flat which fifty years ago housed less
than fifty persons in New York and
now provides homes for 3,000,000.
The startling discovery has just
been made that the great majority of
mothers in New York are imported
from the old world. While the city has
been congratulating itself on the large
increase in births, the fact has been
overlooked that nine out of ten of the
babies are the children of parents
whose arrival in this country is com
paratively recent. Investigation has
shown that in twenty-eight blocks
surrounding the most fashionable and
exclusive part of Fifth avenue only
thirty-seven babies arrived during the
past year. On the crowded East Side,
however, with its population chiefly
of foreign birth no less than 314 ba
bies were born during the same per
iod in an equal area. In this baby
census is found corroboration of the
surprising charge that the great ma
jority of the city's mothers come from
abroad. It is often said that New York
is an un-American city and if the ra
tio of births among natives and for
eigners continues as at present there
is every indication that so far as the
makeup of its population goes it will
become still more completely a for
eign community. At the present rate
of increase, with nine out of every ten
babies born of foreign parents, the
real American element in this city
bids fair to become less than a sub
merged tenth.

PROSPECTORS
Make assay in the
Field. Prospector's
Supply Company,
Los Angeles, Cal.

lineipp Sanitarium

Z455-ZW 1st St, San Diego, Cal.
A famous Institution. We cure all dis
eases without drugs or operation.
Booklet giving Information can be had
at office of this paper or by writing
to M. A. LESEM, San Diego, Cal.

NEW YORK'S BIG ARMY

PROSPERITY CAMPAIGN

Hundred Thousand Travelers to Dis
seminate Facts of Business Conditions Great Prosperity Congress to
Be Held in August.
New York, May 11. (Special Cor
respondence to The Republican.)

New York not only is joining in the
general "prosperity" campaign inaug
urated a few days ago in the west, but
is preparing to start a movement of
her own for the restoration of confi
dence. Reports received here show
that the hoarding of money still con
tinues to some extent in many parts
of the country and that even business
men are holding down their bank bal
ances, carrying large sums of cash on
hand and hesitating to commit them
selves to their usual purchases as a
result of the fear inspired by the Oc
tober panic. The fact that the condi
tions which caused the trouble six
months ago have changed and that
there is at present no reason for alarm
over money tightness is well under
stood by those familiar with the fi
nancial situation but does not seem to
be fully appreciated by many mer
chants and other business men. To
disseminate a better understanding of
actual conditions the aid of the great
army of traveling men who represent
the business houses of this city is be
ing enlisted. In view of the fact that
there are 100,000 or more of these trav
eling representatives, it is believed
that no other means will prove so ef
fective in restoring the confidence of
business men throughout the country
as the facts and arguments which will
be supplied to them from the head
quarters here and which they will
present to their customers. Herman
A. Metz, comptroller of Greater New
York, is at the head of the movement
and leading business men of the city
have enlisted in it. One feature of
the campaign is to be a great gather
ing which will be held here in August
and will be known as the Commercial
Travelers' Interstate Prosperity Con
gress. At this meeting will be assem
bled not only the commercial men who
have engaged in spreading the doctrine
of good times but also leading busi
ness representatives from all parts of
the country, and reports will be pre
pared showing actual conditions of
trade, the extent of the recovery from
the trouble of last autumn and the ba
sis on which it is claimed that a con
dition of real prosperity exists. While
it is generally assumed that the real
effect of the movement will hardly be
felt until after the national political
conventions, business men and finan
cial leaders here are determined not
to permit a misapprehension of real
conditions and the bogie of "presidential fear" to delay the realization of
general prosperity if energetic action
on their part can prevent it.

After remaining tightly in place for
several months the "lid" is now off
and New York is again comparatively
a "wide-open" town so far as gamb
ling is concerned. From time to time
there comes from that mysterious
source which New Yorkers have come
to call "the man higher up," though
no one can tell who he is, tips that
gambling must cease, or that it may
begin again. Whichever form the
message takes it seems to be regarded
as authoritative by both police and
gamblers. Now the word is that the
devotees of chance may resume oper
ations and in consequence the gam
bling houses in the side streets off upper Broadway are doing a rushing
business and their proprietors wear
their old-time look of prosperity. So
implicit do the gamblers trust the
source from which permission has
come to reopen that there is little at
tempt at concealment. The publica
tion of the names and locations of the
principal gambling houses along
Broadway from Twenty-third to Forty
Second streets has not caused them to
close. Concerning one of the most
notorious of these houses about which
complaint has been made without
avail, a policeman said "that is one
of the places I can't touch." Whatever
the mysterious source from which the
gambling houses of New York are
ruled, its power apparently is final
and unquestioned, both by police and
gamblers.

New York has witnessed some sur
prising feats in the way of moving
large structures within the past few
years. When it became necessary to
move a skyscraper in order to make
way for the new Times Building in
Longacre Square, the building was
taken apart, removed to a new site
and set up again. The same thing
was done with Dr. Parkhurst's church
when it was forced to give way to
the lofty Metropolitan tower, and the
church is now serving as a Hebrew
synagogue in Harlem. More remark
able still, however, was the task suc
cessfully accomplished this week of
moving one of the city's many bridges.
This was a big drawbridge across the
Harlem. Instead of taking it apart as
has been done in the case of buildings,
the bridge was moved a mile down
the river on barges and set up on
new foundations all within the course
of a few hours. The preparations for
the work had been going on for sev
eral months but the actual moving, which was accomplished by
building up supports on a number of
barges directly beneath the bridge,
lifting the structure from its former
foundations to the temporary ones
with the aid of the tide then floating
it down to its new location, was com
pleted in a single day.
LONGACRE.

A Skin of Beauty Is a Joy Forever.

T. Felix Gouraud's Oriental
Cream or Magical Beautifier.

Removes Tan, Pimples,
Freckle, Blotch, Sunburn,
Blemish and Skin Disease,
and every defect, in
one bath and defies detection. It
has more than ten of 8 creams, and
is properly used it beautifies the
skin. Accept no counter
feit of similar
name. Dr. L. A.
Sayer said to a
lady of the bath
room: "At first ladies will use them."

For sale by all druggists and Fancy.
Goods Dealers in the United States, Canada and England.

Fifth Avenue, 37 Broad Jusa Street, New York.