PAGE TWO

(Section Four)
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 10, 1921

YOSEMITE
OPEN APRIL 15
YOSEMITE, Cal., April—Recent reports to the office of the park indicate that the close of the last congress and unusually fine weather for several weeks have put spring in Yosemite National park.
On April 15 the annual influx of motor cars begins. The park is confident that the roads will measure up to any demands.
Trails also in

;ln several years past, according to authorities, Glacier Point has been opened two months earlier than ever before because the short trail of four miles, usually closed by ice on the higher levels, makes the park most famous and accessible. Overnight accommodations have been provided at the Mountain House for the many visitors who desire to enjoy the tobogganing, skiing and other winter sports to be had on the rim of the valley, 3,254 feet above, and to witness the gorgeous spectacle of sunrise and sunset from Overhanging Rock. The top of Yosemite Falls also can be reached by trail and horseback parties. Nevada and Vernal Falls have been frequent since an inn was opened by a motion picture company in search of unusual settings.
The deficiency appropriation was asked after the break in the power line last January on account of a lack of funds allotted to road work. Such an unexpected hole in the road work seriously affected operations. Acting Superintendent Leavitt reported the situation to Washington immediately and the urgent deficiency bill which congress always passes at the ends of a session to provide for needs which were unforeseen when other appropriations were enacted, included the amount needed to take care of the power line repairs, without touching the park's other funds. The money has just become available to the park authorities.
Clear balmy weather for several weeks has enabled road crews to get to work much sooner than was expected smoothing out the rough spots in a mile in the higher elevations winter.

Already the roads in Yosemite valley have been re-graded from the Portal entrance to Mirror Lake, with the exception of a few short stretches shaded by heavy timber which have retained moisture and are too soft to work. The road has elicited much favorable comment from spring tourists by its smooth, disintegrated granite surface.
"I think the park has accomplished a very fine piece of work, getting this done so early in the season," Acting superintendent said today. "Every car will help pack the newly graded road and by the time the heavy travel commences the surface will be in splendid condition to withstand the wear."
Plans have been made for following up the work in the valley with work on the roads climbing the cliffs to other portions of the park, as fast as the snow disappears from the higher levels, permitting men and teams to get busy. Big Oak Flat road, facing the south as it ascends the north wall of the valley, already has been wiped clear of snow as far as the top of the grade and motor tours are being run daily as far as Gentry's. The Coulterville road virtually is clear of snow, but needs some work to put into first class condition. The Wawona road faces north in its ascent of the south wall of the valley and will not be clear of snow for some weeks.
o . '
Shortage Of Tires
Regarded Certain
AKRON, O., April 9—With the present tire manufacture of the country less than half that of the 1920 schedule of production, and last year's tire surplus just about equal to what is ordinarily required in trade channels, a tire shortage this year is regarded by prominent officials of the rubber industry here as not only probable but certain. The great tire companies are putting men on their forces daily, but there is practically no surplus of tires on hand, and in the words of one official, "There are not enough tires in the country on dealers' shelves to furnish a spare tire for each car running."
This condition bespeaks a very healthy complexion for the tire industry. One of the large companies here estimates that at least 5,000,000 channels to provide a sufficient supply for car owners. In 1920 the production was 44,065,000 tires. Now, according to these officials, what surplus was accumulated as a result of this production has been exhausted, and manufacturing is now on a basis averaging about 50 per cent of the 1920 schedule.
These figures are extremely optimistic to the tire industry in the light of the fact that car registration is increasing each day, week and month. The number of motor vehicles in the United States has already passed the 9,000,000 mark, and fully 8,000,000 of these require pneumatic equipment. Sales of rubber companies in Akron, in all 14, during the year 1920, reached the enormous figure of $544,729,000, an increase of $116,500,000 over the year 1919.
NOT BUILT FOR TWO
Mike had saved up a little money and when Pat came over a few years later the two brothers went into the coal business. One day Mike bought a roll-top desk and when it arrived he said to Pat:
"The one desk will do for the two of us, and here are two keys, one for you, Pat, and one for me."
Pat accepted the key, but seemed to be studying the desk.
"That's all right, Mike," he said, "but where is my keyhole?" Boston Transcript.
Moats are built around fig trees in California to keep off the ants.
Six
125 N. First St.

! f L

jr., v

. Q I

'.y
4k' Kit
Of
....' w- .jT ...
the beautiful little city of Phoenix, admitting that it looked better to him than any place he had ever seen, of its size.
The report of his run from Los Angeles to Phoenix as a tourist is as follows: Los Angeles to Blythe the first day, averaging 18 miles to the gallon of gasoline, not being tired or worn from the trip. Blythe to Phoenix the second day, averaging 17.7 miles per gallon on gasoline, and feeling fresh as after any little afternoon drive about town. We put no water in the radiator on the entire trip and did not stop for any sort of trouble, didn't even have a puncture. On the entire trip from Los Angeles to Phoenix, about one pint of lubricating oil was consumed.
Mr. Wallingford states that the salesman who sold the Liberty Six to him in Portland convinced him by words and a short demonstration that the Liberty was the car he wanted for his long hard trip to Mexico City, and that now he was convinced more than ever that he made no mistake.
TO GET
Three thousand dollars in prizes will be awarded to employes of the Franklin Automobile company during the next six months, as the result of the inauguration of the Suggestion system at the Syracuse factory. The new plan, which went into effect March 21, provides for proper financial recognition to those Franklin employes whose suggestions are accepted by the Suggestion committee. Prizes ranging from $3 up to $400 will be given for accepted suggestions having to do with one or more of the following subjects:
(1) Improving the quality of work.
(2) Decreasing the cost of production by new methods of manufacturing without decreasing the daily wage or lowering quality.
(3) Eliminating unnecessary work or work which is duplicated.
(4) Better plans for shop work.
(5) Increasing sales.
(6) Using cheaper tools and operations to accomplish the same results.
Every suggestion made by an employe will be entered on his record card and will form a permanent part of his record with the company. The frequency of these suggestions and their value will have considerable bearing on promotions throughout the plant.
o
Gets Essex With
Yellow Wheels
There is a story going the rounds of interurban Southern California. It relates to the easy way a certain lady, by reason of good looks and graceful ways, "did" the sales force of one prominent motor car distributor out of its mascot car.
Up at Seventh and Figueroa, in Los Angeles, stands the largest sales, service and garage establishment under one roof in Uncle Sam's domain. It belongs to one Harold L. Arnold and cost its owner a cool million and a half dollars.
Mr. Arnold is proud of the building, and his salesmen are proud of their fine display room. Until last week they were also happy because a certain yellow disc-wheel Essex roadster stood therein.
Mrs. Arthur Ripple has a mind of her own. She knows it. Now the Arnold salesmen know it. She has their yellow-wheeled mascot, for she would not be denied.
No ordinary Essex roadster would satisfy the lady. The Essex cabriolet was offered to her. The salesman stalled. Couldn't they doll up another
You won't be satisfied
with a car unless you are
satisfied with the battery.
The Willard Threaded Rubber Battery not only gives the
right service to begin with, but keeps on giving it, and actually
outlasts the battery plates.
The plates are insulated not merely separated. And the
Threaded Rubber Insulation neither warps, cracks, nor punctures,
because unlike wood separators, it is not affected by battery acid.
Drive around. Ask questions. We give authorized Willard
Service.
Electrical Equipment
Company
of Arizona
Successors to
Western Machinery Company
Phoenix
326-334 E. Washington St.
a a

V9 pnpuj

Which Battery?

7 ;
(
o
water in the radiator on the entire trip and did not stop for any sort of trouble, didn't even have a puncture. On the entire trip from Los Angeles to Phoenix, about one pint of lubricating oil was consumed.
Mr. Wallingford states that the salesman who sold the Liberty Six to him in Portland, convinced him by words and a short demonstration that the Liberty was the car he wanted for his long hard trip to Mexico City, and that now he was convinced more than ever that he made no mistake.
next week? "Nothing doing," said the lady, so now she drives the yellow-wheeled beauty and the Arnold sales force are hustling to get another drawing card for their order getters.
The lady's husband is business manager for Screenograms in the F. E. building. The next time you see these motion pictures while waiting for your home town car maybe the yellow-wheeled Essex roadster will flash before your mind's eye.
"Perseverance and a determination to get what you want, will win every time," says Mrs. Ripple. And we opine she knows.
o
Calif. Goodyear's
Report Optimistic
The second annual meeting of the preferred stockholders of the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. of California, Los Angeles, held at the general offices of the company March 3, 1921, developed the fact that during the past year the number of Goodyear service stations throughout the 12 western states in which the company operates, has doubled, so that users of the company's product are now able to obtain their needs at 7,907 accredited service stations.
"Up to the beginning of our present fiscal year," stated vice president and general manager A. F. Osterloh, "we had sold 43,000 tires of all kinds and 496,000 tubes. During the same period our fabric mill turned out 612,006 pounds of tire fabric.
"We are now producing 700 tires per day, but business conditions are getting healthier and if our business continues at its present rate we will have to increase our output to 1,000 tires daily some time in April.
"Just how our product is regarded throughout the country, in competition with other makes, is indicated in the volume of business done by this company and the Akron Goodyear for the month of January. The combined business of the two Goodyear companies for the month showed a total of $9,000,000. Our nearest competitor sold approximately $5,000,000, and the next competitor but $3,000,000.
"We are subject to the same conditions that have affected manufacturers in all lines of business, yet when you consider that we wrote off an inventory loss of $600,000, representing depreciated values of raw materials, paid $400,000 in dividends to stockholders, and showed a deficit of but $28,000 for the year, you begin to realize what we could do if conditions were anything like normal.
"During the entire period of business readjustment following the falling off in demand for tires, we fully protected our dealers. We knew that our product and policy were right and held out against 'cut prices' that many concerns inaugurated to move their stock.
"We did not abrogate a single contract. The company emerged from this trying period with its good name unimpaired and its product as popular as ever, as sales show."
The balloting for directors resulted in the election of J. H. Jardine, H. H. Fair, L. A. Phillips, F. A. Seiberling, A. F. Osterloh, C. C. Slusser, Wm. M. Vaughan, J. R. Reilly and J. Williams.
The directors in turn elected the following officers: F. A. Seiberling, as president; A. F. Osterloh, vice president and general manager; W. A. M. Vaughan, secretary and treasurer; D. J. Koonce, assistant treasurer.

He said of the
Phone 4361
Name

i

r
-i -

i

satleries

THIS IS A STUDEBAKER YEAR d,g

i