.p-p... .-.-p,.
The Arizona Republican.
The Only Paper Between Galveston, Texas, and Los Angeles, California, that Publishes the Full Dispatches of the Associated Press.
VOL. III.
PHOENIX, SATURDAY MORNING, MAY 23, 1891.
NO. 5

TvUr-V. . iiA 4 . - iTI irTinWTBHWBiHilllff'inriTmmlTTMIlHIHIiWBMr HI

BANKS AND BANKING.

THE CONSOLIDATED NATIONAL
Bank of Tucson.
D. HENDERSON, President.
H. E. LACY, Vice-President.
H. B. TENSEY, Cashier.
Capital, Paid Up,
Undivided Profits. -
85
DIRECTORS
D. HENDERSON, H. E. LACY
H. B. TENSEY
Luneki Meyer,
FRANK H. HEREFORD.
CORRESPONDENTS.
Anglo Californian Bank, Limited,
London and San Francisco
Chemical & Western National Bank, New York
First National Bank,
Fourth National Bank, -Farmers
and Merchants Bank,
First National Bank,
National Bank of Arizona,
Bank of Tombstone,
First National Bank,
Chicago
St. Louis
Los Angeles
El Paso
Phoenix
Tombstone
Deming, N. M.
THE NATIONAL BANK OF ARIZONA
Tucson, Arizona.
M. W. KALES, President.
SOL. LEWIS, Vice-President
GEO. W. ROADLEY, Cashier,
Capital, Paid Up,
Surplus, -
SI .
3 ,
DIRECTORS.
M. W. Kales, J. Y. T. Smith, Sol Lewis
Oilrlcs Columan, GEO. W. ROADLEY.
CORRESPONDENTS.
The Bank of California, San Francisco
Agency of Bank of California .... New York
The Farmers' and Merchants' Bank, Los Angeles.
The National Bank of Commerce, N. Y..
Union National Bank, - - -Chicago
Farmers and Merchants' Bank, Los Angeles
State National Bank, - -
The Valley Bank. - Phoenix
BURROWS RESTAURANT,
GLOBE, ARIZONA.
EVERYTHING NEW AND FIRST-CLASS.
The Only Restaurant In Globe having exclusive
White Help.
-:. GIVE ME A CALL. :
J. H. BURROWS, - - PROPRIETOR
M
MAY O. MCKELWAY, STENOGRAPHER.
Thibodo building. Phoenix, A. T. Typewriting a
specialty. Satisfaction guaranteed both as to
price and style of work.
SECRET SOCIETIES.
THE ONAETREIT LODGE NO. 2, D. OF K.
Meets first and third Thursday evening of
each month. Miss Nettle Carrier, N. G., John
Gray, secretary,
ARIZONA CHAPTER NO. 1, R. A. M.
Stated convocation on the second Monday
of each month. H. B. Lighthizer, H. P., O. H.
Kuauuiowivtoii!
ARIZONA LODGE NO. 2, F. AND A. M.
Stated meetings on the first Tuesday of
each month. Dayton A. Reed, . M., C. H.
Knapp, Secretary.
O. U. W. PHOENIX LODGE NO. 5.
Regular meeting every Wednesday even
ing in Masonic Hall. J. W. Willaukenship, M. W.
U. H. Rothrock, Recorder.
INDEPENDENT LEGION, A. O. U. W. MEETS
Second and fourth Wednesday of each
month. F. M. Czarnowski, Commander, G. H.
Rothrock, Recorder.
FLORAL ENCAMPMENT, NO. 2, I. O. O. F.
Meets second and fourth Tuesday evening
of each month. Geo. A. Milutz, C. P., John
Gray, Scribe.
A. J. T. JOHN W. OWEN POST, NO. 82.
Meets second and fourth Thursdays of each
month in Monihon building. H. O. Reynolds,
Commander. C. H. Knapp, Adjutant.

WANTS.

The quickest returns for the least money are
to be obtained from the Republican's want
Columns. Situations Wanted, Help Wanted,
For Rent, For Sale, To Let, To Exchange,
One Cent a word each Insertion, or by the
month at Five Cents per line per day.
WANTED-WOMAN CAN DO ALL KINDS
work, and cook for small family: also good
nurse, country preferred. Address, MRS.
STUART, Williams House.
WANTED-POSITION BY A YOUNG MAN,
understands book-keeping. Wages moderate
with future prospects. Best of references.
Address W, this office.
WANTED -EVERYONE TO KNOW THAT
we have just received a fine line kind of black
Leghorn flats, also latest styles in neck ribbons
at prices lowest in the city.
MRS. J. B. HAWLEY & CO., Cotton block.
WANTED-YOUNG TEAM OF MAKES
weight not less than 1200 lbs. each. Ad
dress A. J. STRAW, Phoenix. 137-141
BOARD AND ROOMS.
WANTED-BOARDERS AND ROOMERS AT
Mrs. A. M. Williams' private boarding
house, opp. High School building on Monroe st.
WANTED - AN ENGLISHMAN, WISHES
a furnished room for the summer a
little out of town prepared, with or without
board. Apply at this office.
FOR RENT.
FOR RENT LARGE, COOL, WELL-FUR-
nished rooms, private family. One door
east North M. E. Church, opp. Court House.
FOR RENT.-COL. SIMMS' "HOME PLACE"
one-half mile north of Phoenix; 140
acres in alfalfa, orchard and vineyard. Com
modious eight-room residence and out
buildings, stables, corrals, etc. Apply to J. W.
EVANS. 121 tf
LOST.
LOST. LADY'S SILVER WATCH. The
finder will please return the watch and get
reward. CHARLES V. WILLIAMS, Republican
office.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
ABRAM HUMPHRIES, COUNSELOR AT
LAW. Office: Room 8, Thibodo Building. References:
Laclede Bank, St. Louis: H. C. Power, Problem
First National Bank, Starkville, Miss.; F. H.
Marshall, Cashier Woodstock Iron Company,
Anniston, Ala.
BAKER & CAMPBELL, ATTORNEYS AT
LAW. Office: over National Bank.
BRUCE PERLEY. CONVEYANCER AND
Notary Public. Office with J. W. Evans,
Phoenix, Arizona.
J. B. EARLY, ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR
at law, will practice in Territorial and
United States Courts. Office, rooms 12 and 13
Cotton Block, Phoenix, Arizona.
WOODWARD & CHALMERS,
WOODWARD & CHALMERS, ATTORNEYS
at-law, Rooms 7 and 8, Thibodo building,
Phoenix, Arizona.
WM. H. BARNES, JOHN H. MARTIN, WM.
C. Hudson. Law Offices, Tucson, Arizona.
John B. Thomas, Pacific Building, Washington,
District of Columbia.
ED. FERGUSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Practices in all courts of the Territory.
Office 402 Pennington street, Tucson, A. T.
WM. W. WEED, SHORTHAND REPORTER,
Third Judicial District Court of Arizona
Territory. Typewriter. Verbatim reporting; ten
years' experience as a Shorthand Reporter. OJ-ti
DR. H. JESSUP, DENTIST. ALL
WORK guaranteed and prices reasonable.
Rooms 14 and 16 Porter building.
DR. J. W. MILLER, PHYSICIAN AND SUR-
geon. Office and residence, Windsor House,
Centre street, above Adams street, Phoenix.
DR. SCOTT HELMS, PHYSICIAN AND SUR-
geon. Office and residence Maricopa Street,
east side of Plaza, Phoenix, Arizona.
DR. J. HARDY, DENTIST.
All work guaranteed.
Thibodo building, opposite Commercial
Hotel, Phoenix, Arizona.
LIVERIES AND CORRALS.
Large RIGS, BEST SERVICE, AT CANT'S
Livery.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HANCOCK & PERLEY ARE PREPARED TO
present claims for Indian depredations to
the Court of Claims at Washington. All those
who have met with the loss of property of any
kind at the hands of the Apaches, can recover
the full amount of the loss by having the claims
properly filed in the Court of Claims under the
Act of Congress, approved March 3, 1891.
GO TO THE FASHION BARBER SHOP FOR
shaving, hair cutting, shampooing, bathing,
hair singeing. Ladies work done at the shop
or residence. Prices to suit the times. Opposite
the Opera House. FRANK SHIRLEY, pro
prietor. A. J. PORTERIE,
MINING ENGINEER,
ASSAYER AND METALLURGIST,
Phoenix, Arizona.
Ores Sampled and Assayed. Analysis of ores
and minerals. Working tests practically made.
PRICES FOR ASSAYING.
Gold and silver $2.00
Silver $2.00
Lead $2.00
Copper $2.00
FOR SALE THE ARIZONA IM
provement Company. Principal office at
Phoenix, Arizona.
A block of stock in above Company for sale.
Price and reasons for sale will be given to per
son intending to purchase.
Apply to
Clark Churchill,
Phoenix, Arizona.
ASH AND PALM TREES,
All kinds.
Also Apricots Suitable for Budding for sale
cheap.
FOWLER BROS.
MARLBOROUGH SCHOOL ;
West 54th Street, - LOS ANGELES.
Will open for the next year September 28.
Circulars furnished on application.

J

The California Athletic
Club Offers
Jackson and Corbett $7500
for Another Fight.
How the Men Looked and How
They Trained- $2500 Each for
the Exhibition.
San Francisco, May 22. The Jackson-Corbett
fight, which had progressed
with varying fortune during the earlier
rounds last night, degenerated into a
walk-around in the forty-fourth round
and but few good blows ensued. Finally,
at the end of the sixty-first round,
despite Corbett's protest, Referee Cook
declared the fight off and that it was no
contest. No decision was rendered as
to the purse, and all bets are declared
off. Corbett's hands are badly swollen,
as was also Jackson's injured ankle.
The match between Corbett and Jack
son was made in December last. In the
early part of that month Jackson was on
his way to San Francisco from Australia, and Corbett, who was about to
sever his connection with the Olympic
Athletic Club, was seeking a meeting
with Frank P. Slavin. The California
Club communicated with Slavin, then
in England, offering a purse of $10,000,
the same amount as that depending on
the recent encounter. Slavin proved
rather high priced in the matter of trav
eling expenses, and Jackson, arriving at
an opportune moment, consented to fill
the place of Slavin. The change was
acceptable to Corbett, and articles of
agreement were drawn up and signed,
each man being held responsible to the
extent of $500 to keep faith with his
opponent and the California Club in
everything called for by the duly attested
contract.
The date of the contest being five
months away, there was no occasion for
the men to think of training for a con
siderable time. Corbett decided to make
a tour of the East, and left for New
York by way of New Orleans. He was
present at the great middle-weight con
test in the city last named between
Australian Bob Fitzsimmons and Non
pareil Jack Dempsey.
Jackson remained in San Francisco
and took life easy until the march of
time reminded him that he must seek
his training quarters and fit himself for
his meeting with the lithe young pugil
ist who, in point of cleverness, at least,
is acknowledged to have but few peers
among the followers of pugilism.
Corbett returned to San Francisco
early in March and immediately betook
himself to picturesque Sausalito, the
breezy, health-giving seaside resort on
the Marin county shore. He installed
himself at Ross Villa, where the waves
lap the beach a bare road's width dis
tant, and under the careful guidance of
that experienced ringster, Professor
John Donaldson, of Minneapolis, Jim
commenced a course of light work.
As the weeks sped by and Corbett's
improving condition warranted a more
severe routine, the veteran trainer, Billy
Delaney, joined Corbett, and the result
of the united efforts of such a capable
pair of mentors is that Jim had reached
that stage of physical perfection best
denoted by the old-time ring formula
that "he is fit to fight for his life."
Jackson did not commence his course
of preparations until April, and he had
been barely a few days at his training
quarters when he had the misfortune
to be thrown from a buggy, by which
accident he sustained injuries severe
enough to confine him to his bed for a
couple of weeks. It was thought at
first that his ankle was sprained, but
luckily such was not the case.
A comparison of the proportions of
Jackson and Corbett will show that in
most points they are exceedingly well
matched. They are of exactly the same
height, each man measuring six feet and
one-half inch in his "stocking feet."
Corbett's chest measurement is forty
one inches, Jackson's forty. The Aus
tralian, however, has much the better
developed shoulders of the pair, and a
tape placed around the upper portion of
their anatomies so as to encircle shoul
der knobs and chest would prove Jack
son to have the more expansive driving
machinery.
Corbett's biceps measure 14½ inches,
and Jackson's 14. The forearm of each
man is of the same dimensions, 13½
inches. The girth of Corbett's thigh is
23 inches, while Jackson's measures 24
inches.
As regards fistic talent, which, para
doxical as it may seem, includes in this
connection clever footwork, Jackson has
few equals. He is a boxer of the Jem
Mace school, using both hands and arms
in a perfectly easy and natural, as well
as a most effective manner. He is an
excellent judge of distance, can time
his blows to a nicety, has a rapid de
livery, and moreover a wonderful faculty
for avoiding returns. He "ducks" with
precision, and when hard pressed can
skip like a chamois. Jackson's left
hand deliveries at head and body are
free and telling, while his right hand
heart punches have often turned the
tide of battle in his favor.
Jim Corbett has very little in com
mon with Jackson so far as his methods
of attack are concerned. He is a stiff
arm puncher and a flushing hitter. By
"stiff arm" is meant that Jim does not
shoot his left out straight from the
shoulder, but holds his arm in a partly
rigid state and delivers his most telling
punches with a sidelong movement.
He "gets there" as quick as a flash,
however, and by leaning to the right
keeps his own head out of danger. His
incessant feinting with head, hands and
feet is sufficient to keep a not over
confident opponent in a state of ner
vous trepidation, and in addition wear
him out by continued stopping back
and dodging from imaginary blows.
Jim's style would convey the impres
sion that he is more of a natural boxer
than a tutored one.
Each Get $2500.
San Francisco, May 22. The direc
tors of the California Athletic club at a
meeting this evening, decided to give
Jim Corbett and Peter Jackson $2500
each for their exhibition last night, and
to offer the men a purse of $7500 to fight
before the club again.
A Foul Murder.
Marysville, Cal., May 22. William
Ousley was today held to answer before
the Superior Court for the murder of
George Bull last July. The blood spots
found on the bridge today were exam
ined by a chemist and pronounced to be
human. The blood was not more than
a day or two old. It is thought the man
who was heard drowning in the river
night before last was foully dealt with
and thrown from the bridge into the
water; no one is yet missed.
Lumber Troubles Over.
New York, May 22. The difficulty
between the New York Lumber Dealers'
Association and the lumber handlers
was settled finally this afternoon by an
agreement being reached, by which the
lumber yards will be opened at once and
all strikes declared off.
Three Million Dollar Failure.
Boston, May 22. A news bureau re
ports that from good sources it has heard
that the liabilities involved in the as
signment of Joseph Davis amount to
$3,000,000, and that fifty cents on the
dollar may be realized by the creditors.
Sheep Herder Killed.
Albuquerque, N. M., May 22. News
of an affray between sheep herders at
Ojo Lefrigo was received today; three were killed outright and several
seriously injured.
Kentucky Republicans.
Lexington, May 22. The Republican
Convention nominated a State ticket to
day, with T. A. Wood for Governor.
Fatally Injured.
Cardiff, May 22. Ten miners in a
colliery near Lantwit were fatally in
jured by the falling of a mine roof.
Blaine Much Better.
New York, May 22. Secretary
Blaine is now able to be up and about
the house.
SPORTING NEWS.
SOME GOOD RACING AT GRAVES-
END YESTERDAY.
Louisville Track Fast Chicago Well Up.
Report of the Time Ball Games Over
the Country.
Gravesend, May 22. Three-year-olds
and upwards, mile. Dead heat between
Prince Royal and Reclair, Nelly Bly
third. Time, 1:41¼.
Two-year-olds, five furlongs. Prome
nade won, Annie 15, second, Ninone
third.
Handicap, mile and one-sixteenth.
Longstreet won, Senorita second, Ber
muda third. Time, 1:33.
Three-year-olds, mile and one-sixteenth.
Lepanto won, India Rubber
second, Hoodlum third. Time, 1:51.
High weight handicap, six furlongs.
Baldwin won, Tanner second, Belwood
third. Time, 1:10¼.
Mile and a furlong. Carroll won,
Frontenac second, Kingsbridge third.
Time, 1:56.
At Chicago.
Chicago, May 22. Mile and one
eighth. Hocksey won, Atticus second,
Harry Kuhl third. Time, 2:05¼.
Half mile. Dolly Nobles won, Fore
igner second, Blaze Duke third. Time,
0:57¼.
Six and one-half furlongs. Post won,
Climax second, Bolster third. Time,
1:27.
Six and one-half furlongs. Renounce
won, Gilford second, Pinkerton third.
Mile. Little Scissors won, Blue Ban
ner second, Altair third. Time, 1:51.
Louisville Track.
Louisville, May 22. One mile. Sir
Planet won, Bob Forsythe second, Tar
quin third. Time, 1:47.
Five-eighths of a mile. The Hero
won, Buckhound second, Dore third.
Time, 1:00.
One mile and one-eighth. Longshore
won, Mable second, Jugul third. Time,
2:00.
Six furlongs. Greenwich won, Faclero
second, Unadilla third. Time, 1:24.
One mile and one-sixteenth. Dolli
kens won, Parametta second, Alphonse
third. Time, 1:52¼.
On the Diamond.
Cleveland, May 22. Young's fine
pitching and fortunate hitting in the
fifth inning gave Cleveland the game.
Score: Cleveland 5, Boston 3. Bat
teries, Young and Zimmer, Nichols
and Ganzell.
Cincinnati, May 22. Cincinnati won
today's game by fine fielding and timely
batting. Score: Cincinnati 8, New
York 3. Batteries, Rhines and Harring
ton, Welch and Clark.
Chicago, May 22. The Chicago and
Pittsburg games postponed on account
of rain.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION.
At Boston Boston 0, St. Louis 7.
At Baltimore Baltimore 5, Columbus 7.
At Washington Washington 9,
Louisville 0.
At Philadelphia Athletic 3, Cincin
nati 5.
WESTERN LEAGUE.
At St. Paul St. Paul 3, Denver 0.
At Milwaukee No game on account
of rain.
At Sioux City Sioux City 10, Kansas
City 10; thirteen innings. The game
was called to allow the clubs to catch
the train.
At Minneapolis Minneapolis 3, Lin
coln 5.
COAST.
At San Jose San Jose 10, Oakland 4.
At San Francisco San Francisco 9,
Sacramento 0.
Financial Situation.
Washington, May 22. The financial
situation was considered at a meeting of
the Cabinet today, but without result
so far as known.

The Investigating Committee's Report.
Some Improvements Suggested at the Prison.
The Superintendent Should Have More Power Expenses Should
be Cut Down.
The investigation committee, ap
pointed by the last Legislature to in
vestigate the different public institu
tions of the Territory, yesterday made
their report on the prison and the Attorney-General's
office. The report is
as follows:
To His Excellency, John N. Irwin,
Governor of Arizona: In compli
ance with the instructions of the Six
teenth Legislative Assembly, the com
mittee on investigation appointed by
that body beg leave to submit the fol
lowing report:
TERRITORIAL PRISON.
The committee on the outset is con
fronted with the great expense to the
Territory of maintaining the Board of
Territorial Prison Commissioners and
the slight return the Territory receives
for the expense incurred. The mileage
with the present board amounts to $311
per quarter, or $1244 per year. This,
together with the salaries, $500 per year
for each member, amounts to the sum
of $2744 per year.
That some method of auditing the ac
counts arising from prison expenditures
should exist this committee does not
deny, and from what can be gleaned
from the minutes of the board the com
mission acts only as an auditing board.
They meet four times a year, audit the
bills each quarter, and make contracts
once a year for supplies. We can see
nothing in the duties performed than a
mere matter of form. The bills
are audited as the Superintendent and
Secretary say they are correct, and this
through with the board adjourns for
three months. They have no oppor
tunity of watching over the affairs of
the prison, or perhaps, rather do not
make the opportunity by taking the
time. As has already been said, they
act as an auditing board only, and that
the Territory should pay the sum of
$2744 per year for this simple auditing of accounts that depend on someone else to see
they are correct or not,
the committee a luxury the Territory
well afford. That the board could be
of great service to the Territory by
attending a little to the affairs of the
prison, the committee believes. That
they are paid sufficient to justify them
in giving some time we also believe. Very
few sessions show more than two days'
attendance. For this each Commissioner
receives $125, or $62.50 per day.
The difference between the actual cost
of traveling and the mileage allowed
will compensate them for the time spent
in traveling. That the Legislature
passing the prison act did not con
sider the duties of each Commissioner
worth to the Territory $62.50
per day, is plain, from the fact that they
provided to pay any member of the
board resident of the town in which the
prison was situated $5 per day. We be
lieve that if a board of commissioners
would give the time to the affairs of the
prison, that the Territory has a right to
expect for the money paid, that it would
result in great good to the institution
and a great saving to the Territory.
This committee believes the board
should be a resident of the town of
Yuma. We think it would be a great
aid in running the institution to have a
member always accessible. Upon the
Superintendent and more than upon
anything else, depends the good and
economical administration of the affairs
of the prison. That all of his subordi
nates should be in harmony with him
is, of course, a necessity, and in this
connection the committee believe the
Superintendent should have the power
of appointing and discharging all subor
dinate officers. He should have absolute
control and be held responsible. The
manner of appointing some of the sub
ordinates the committee think wrong.
We refer to those now appointed by the
Governor and formerly by the board.
Persons might be appointed antagonis
tic to each other, or might become so,
and then comes not only the danger of
the conflict of authority but of shifting
of responsibility.
Regarding the office of "turnkey,"
the committee have no recommendation
to make, except that it be under the
complete control of the Superintendent,
as recommended above.
While the committee recognize the
importance of having a competent phy
sician for the prison, yet it is a fact that
good medical attendance can be had at
a much less cost than $1500 per year.
Although the law says the salary shall
be $1500, yet until such time as the law
can be changed, if contracts can be
made for less, and we are satisfied that
they can, and with competent physi
cians, we see no reason why it should
not be done, and a saving made to the
Territory.
The expense of guards is one of the
greatest of the institution. Of course
these are necessary, and the proper
number necessary to be employed must
be left to the judgment of the Superin
tendent. From information this com
mittee obtained, we are satisfied that
the number employed at present is at
least three more than is necessary.
The law provides that the commis
sioner shall appoint a secretary of the
prison at a salary of $900 per annum,
and that he shall act as secretary of the
Board while in session. How the law
can be, and why it is construed to mean
that the office is solely secretary of the
Board, and the salary paid for that
alone, the committee is unable to see,
but such is the case. As has been said,
the law is very plain upon the subject,
and we desire to call your attention
to the fact that it has not been
and is not now being complied
with. The $900 has been, and is
now being paid for twenty to twenty
five days service per year. We believe
that the salary is sufficient for the
amount of work necessary to be per
formed as secretary of the prison and of
the board as well, especially so, as
a part of the accounts directly con
nected with the prison and prisoners, are kept by convict clerks and only need
the supervision of the secretary. We
find that it has been the practice of the
Superintendent to employ an extra
clerk and have his salary audited as a
guard. This, the committee feel called
upon to condemn, as has already been
said, we believe the salary sufficient to
compensate for all the work necessary
for the secretary to perform, and we feel
that there is nothing to justify this
course. This method to provide for the
payment of $100 per month for what we
look upon as an unnecessary office, we
believe deserving of severest censure.
As it could hardly be expected that a
competent man could devote his whole
time to the prison affairs for the salary
provided by law for secretary, and al
though we have repeatedly asserted in
this report, that we believe the amount
sufficient for the work to be performed,
still we believe that it might be to the
best interests of the Territory, that the
salary should be increased and a com
petent man appointed who should give
his whole time to the affairs of the
prison. The committee believes that a
good man in this position could save
the Territory much more than
the additional salary in looking after
other matters connected with the prison
office and supply room, and here we will
say that the practice, as now exists, of
allowing a convict clerk to receive and
issue supplies is very poor judgment
and liable to be detrimental to the in
terests of the Territory. The committee
recommend that the prison laws be
amended, making it mandatory that all
funds received from any and all sources
be immediately remitted to the Terri
torial Treasurer. This course, adopted
by the Hon. Thomas S. Halleck, at one
time treasurer of the Board, is still con
tinued by the present treasurer. We
think it should be made the law. If it
had been so formerly this defalcation of
George H. Stevens could not have oc
curred. Upon careful investigation the com
mittee are forced to the conclusion that
the system of keeping the books and
records of the prison board is very de
fective and incomplete, especially so
that of keeping accounts, to such an ex
tent as to render it almost impossible to
arrive at any intelligent understanding
of the business during any particular
period in the history of the prison with
out great labor in searching through
papers and vouchers, and this again
was impossible, as many of them have
been lost or destroyed. We cannot find
that there is or ever has been kept an
account with the United States for the
maintenance of United States prisoners,
transactions that amount to many thou
sands of dollars, yet the committee was
at a loss to find the accounts. The Su
perintendent was authorized at one time
to purchase supplies and whatever was
necessary for making brooms. No account
can be found of the result of the enter
prise other than the accounting for a
few dollars derived from the sale of some
brooms.
Another example: The ledger shows
the following entry: "1885 April 23.
Alex. McKay, No. 3; $885." On search
ing for the voucher, No. 3, it could not
be found. Having found the stub, how
ever, of this voucher the following ap
pears: "Office of the Board of Prison
Commissioners, Yuma, A. T., July 8,
1885. Payable to Alex. McKay, amount
of $885. From treasurer's fund, No. 3.
Received the above described voucher."
Then turning to the minutes of the
board the only entry we find bearing
on the matter is as follows: "The
treasurer of the board having presented
his quarterly accounts for settlement,
the same were examined, verified in set
tlement." Whether there was anything to show
in any of the books what the money was
paid for, the committee could not dis
cover. We afterward found by inquir
ing of the Superintendent, that it was
paid for a pair of horses, and so on
through all the transactions. All of this
convince this committee that a more
complete, a more rigid system of ac
counting should be adopted at as early
a day as possible, not only that a better
understanding of the accounts and con
dition of the accounts may be had, but
that fraud and defalcation may be pre
vented. The records of the meetings of
the board are very incomplete, showing
little else than accounts audited. The
reports of the Superintendent and As
sistant Superintendent should be spread
upon the minutes. We believe that
there should be some way of fixing the
responsibility in purchasing and issuing
of supplies. It is now the custom to
send a memorandum in pencil with the
supplies which are received by a con
vict clerk. Each lot of supplies should
be accompanied by a complete bill with
prices, which should be carefully filed.
The supplies should be received by a re
sponsible person, who should give re
ceipts for same, and these receipts should
accompany the statement at the end of
the quarter. Each statement should be
sworn to by the person furnishing the
supplies. As rendered now there does
not attach any responsibility for false
statements or rendering of incorrect or
fraudulent accounts. In this connection
the committee believe there exists the
opportunity for the greatest leak in con
ducting the affairs of the institution.
We believe the greatest attention should
be paid by the Superintendent to this
matter; that it should have his personal
attention as to quality of goods, weight,
measurement, etc. That too much of
this has been left to convict clerks and
the honesty of the contractors the com
mittee feel has been assumed. The com
mittee are of the opinion that the
method required by law and used by the
Insane Asylum Commissioners would be
much better for the prison than the
present system.
The question of the utilization of the
prison labor for the benefit of the Ter
ritory is one of the greatest importance.
The present method of allowing the
prisoners to benefit by what they do in
the way of manufacturing articles for
sale the committee feel is wrong, espe
cially so as we are well satisfied that a
large amount of the material used is
drawn from the prison supplies. We
feel that whatever can be done should
be for the benefit of the Territory and
something realized to help in supporting
the institution.
The committee find that about 10,000
acres of wild hemp grows near the
prison. The committee suggest that
Continued on Fourth Page.

J

Some Radical Changes in
the Form
And Expression of Their
Belief.
An Interesting Convention at Detroit.
Modifying the Religious Opinion
of the Church.
Detroit, May 22. In the Presbyterian
General Assembly this morning the re
port of the committee on revision of the
confession of faith was read. Among
the changes recommended by the com
mittee on revision are: In chapter 1, of
the Scriptures, section 5, are inserted
the words "truthfulness of history,
faithful witness of prophecy and miracle,"
as among arguments for inspiration of scripture. Chapter 3, of
"God's Eternal Decree," has sections 3
and 4 stricken out. Section 5, which is
a portion of the present confession, re
lating to foreordination, becomes section
3, and is amended to read as follows:
"God, before the foundation of the
world was laid, according to his eternal
and immutable purpose, and secret
counsel and good pleasure of his will,
has predestined some of mankind unto
life, and hath particularly and un
changeably chosen them in Christ unto
everlasting glory, out of his mere free
grace and love, without any foresight of
faith, or good works, or perseverance in
either of them or any other thing in the
creation as conditions or causes, moving
him thereunto; and all to the praise of
his glorious grace."
Section 6 remains unchanged and be
comes section 4.
Section 7 was amended and becomes
section 5, and is as follows:
"The rest of mankind God was pleased
accordingly to the counsel of his own
will, whereby he extendeth or with
holdeth mercy as He pleaseth. Not to
elect unto everlasting life, but to ordain
them to dishonor with wrath for their
sin, yet, so as hereby neither is any
limitation put on an offer of salvation
to all on confession of faith in Christ,
nor is restraint laid upon the freedom
of anyone to hinder his acceptance of
spiritual goodness; yet free responsibility
as a free moral agent is not thereby im
paired in pronouncement upon law."
"Popish monastic vows"
are described simply as monastic vows.
Similar changes with regard to the
term "Papist" are made in the chapter
on marriage and divorce, and the Pope
of Rome ceases in the revision to be de
scribed as anti-Christ. Sacrifices of
mass are also referred to as "Roman
Catholic doctrine," rather than "Pop
ish," but it continues to be designated
as an abominable rite.
Clause 3 of chapter 12 is changed to
read as follows:
"All infants dying in infancy, and all
other persons who, from birth to death,
are incapable of being outwardly called
by the ministry of the word, are re
deemed by Christ and regenerated by
the Spirit who worketh when and where
and how He pleaseth." This radical
alteration differs from the old confession
in the insertion of the words, "all from
birth to death are redeemed and are
regenerated by the Spirit."
An entirely new clause is the fol
lowing:
"Chapter 25, section 6.
There is no other head of the church
but the Lord Jesus Christ, and the claim
of the Pope of Rome to be the head of
the church hath no warrant in the
scriptures; it is a usurpation dishonor
ing to Jesus Christ."
WOMEN'S MISSIONARY SOCIETY.
Missionaries to China and Africa Want
the World's Fair to Close.
Decatur, Ill., May 22. The Women's
Missionary Association, United Brethren
Church of America, adjourned today to
meet at Indianapolis, Ind., next year.
Mrs. J. L. Stevens, in charge of the
work of the association at Berlin, is to
send six more missionaries to Africa
and three more to China, one of those to
China to be a lady physician. Delegates
today voted for nine trustees, who
shall elect new officers, but by constitu
tional provision the vote can only be
counted at Dayton, Ohio. Resolutions
were adopted pleading the association to
join with the Women's World Committee
in prayer for the evangelization of this
world and declaring that association
united with other Christian bodies in
asking the Columbian Exposition to be
closed on Sundays.
The Steamer Leaves.
San Francisco, May 22. The British
steamer West Indian, which was boarded
yesterday by union sailors who com
pelled the non-union hands to quit, got
away today with a full crew of union
seamen. She goes to Victoria, B. C.
Where is Hanchett?
Chicago, May 22. The Police Depart
ment today ordered the posting of more
circulars announcing the disappearance
of Hanchett and offering $700 for his
return alive. Police report they have no
clue to Hanchett's whereabouts.
Recommended for Speaker.
Springfield, Ill., May 22. The Gen
eral Assembly today adopted a resolu
tion recommending the election of Con
gressman Springer as Speaker of the
next National House of Representatives.
Favoring Dr. Brooks.
New York, May 22. The dioceses of
New York, Albany, Missouri and Indi
ana have reported in favor of Dr. Brooks,
Bishop elect of the diocese of Massachu
setts,