THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 17, 1902.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.
PUBLISHED BY THE
ARIZONA PUBLISHING CO.

B. W. VICKERS, Pres. and Gen. Mgr.
Phoenix Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press in Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes in Arizona. Publics the office: 55-57 East Adams
street. Telephone No. 47.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year - $19.00
Weekly, one year $10.00
Cash in advance.
BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month - $1.75
LABEL
Arizona visitors to the coast will find
The Daily Republican on sale at the
following places in Los Angeles: Westminster hotel newsstand, Hollenbeck
hotel newsstand, and B. F. Gardner, 303
South Spring street.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, AUG. 17, 1902.
- A Crowded Asylum
The New York Tribune finds cause
for alarm in the immigration figures
for the fiscal year, and thinks that
there ought to be a better understand
ing of that long misused expression
applied to this country, "An Asylum of
the Oppressed." The total number of
immigrants was 648,743. That was 33
per cent more than in 1901, 45 per cent
more than in 1900, 208 per cent more
than in 1889 and 283 per cent more than
in 1898.
The Tribune says: "It was a record
breaking record if we may use the
phrase in respect of quantity. It was
equally record breaking in respect of
quality, or lack of quality. The more
they come the worse they are. Of those
over fourteen years old 28.7 per cent
were illiterate. That was the highest
rate of illiteracy on record. Those
coming from the countries of eastern
and southern Europe, the least desira
ble parts of that continent, were 54.6
per cent of the whole, the largest per
centage on record. The number of
South Italians, the least desirable from
that kingdom, rose from 65,500 in 1899
to 152,900 in 1902. The number of Poles
rose from 28,400 to 69,600. The number of Slovaks rose from 15,800 to 36,900.
The number of Croats and Slovenes rose
from 8,600 to 30,200. These last four are
conspicuous in the disorders and out
rages of the present time in the coal
regions.
"Not only are we thus getting in
creased numbers and an increased
proportion of the least desirable peo
ples of Europe, but we are getting a
lower and lower grade of them. Thus
of the Greeks, 17.1 per cent were illit
erate in 1900, 27.9 in 1901 and 30 in 1902.
The proportion of illiterates among
the Croats and Slovenes has similarly
increased in the three years, from 37.4
to 39.7 and to 42.2. The Lithuanian fig
ures of illiteracy for the three years
are 37, 49.8 and 54.1 per cent. The
Portuguese are worst of all, namely,
59.9, 63.8 and 71.6 per cent. Against
such figures there is little comfort in
noting that the average amount of
money brought in by the immigrants
has increased a trifle, from $15 in 1901
to $16 in 1902. Sixteen dollars is too
small a sum to counterbalance the il
literacy and degradation which ac
company it. Nor does it greatly mat
ter that the proportion destined for
New York, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania
and Illinois—that is, for the great
centers of population—has decreased
from 9.5 to 67.8 per cent. Illiterates
are no more welcome in rural than in
urban districts.
"We cannot justly be charged with
unfriendliness or inhospitality in say
ing that such an influx should be
checked. It is all well enough to talk
of America's being the 'asylum of the
oppressed' and all that. America
should not be an asylum for illiterates
and degenerates. It should not be
made the dustbin and cesspool of the
nations. We have not always fully
sympathized with the attempts of 'or
ganized labor' to exclude competition
with its own restricted ranks. But we
are free to say that all American la
bor, organized or unorganized, skilled
or unskilled, should be protected
against such an invasion as these fig
ures indicate. Two-thirds of a million
a year, and nearly one-third of them
illiterates and practically paupers!
The American social, industrial and po
litical system may be able to digest
such a mass and to assimilate it. But
it can do so only under a greater strain
than it should be subjected to. It can
scarcely do so without more than one
attack of indigestion with all its at
tendant evils."
The Labor Vote
"All's fair in love and war," and a
later epigrammatist added, "politics
This used to be true as to war, but it
is so no longer. Some rules of decency
have been adopted by civilized nations.
Chain shot, for instance, can no longer
be employed and the murder of pris
oners is forbidden. We believe there
has been no change in the motto as to
love, and perhaps there never will be
any. And a great many unfair things
are being done in politics or at least
they should be accounted unfair if they
were done outside of politics. Politi
cians sometimes resort to means which
are at the same time unfair and what
is worse ridiculous. The people of

Arizona are just now being treated to
the spectacle of their two candidates
for the nomination for delegate to con
gress flirting with the labor vote.
Neither of these lovers is to be trusted,
we would warn the laborers, in order
that after the campaign is over they
may not find that they have not loved
wisely but too well.
Colonel Wilson has suddenly become
the champion of the miners' unions of
the territory because the opportunity
was furnished him by Mr. Shannon's
vote against the eight-hour law in the
last legislature. Mr. Shannon, bidding
for the vote of another class of labor
ers, has procured the dismissal of John
T. Hughes from a place on the demo
cratic county central committee for no
other reason than that the typographical
union of Tucson was at war with a
newspaper with whose proprietor the
committeeman happened to be related by
ties of consanguinity.
It has been the practice of politicians
ever since the organization of labor to
solicit its vote. That act has been
called demagoguery, even when the so
licitor has been able to make some
plausible excuse for his conduct. What
can the bidding of Mr. Shannon and
Colonel Wilson be called when it is
plain to the miners and the members
of the printers' unions that neither of
the candidates have any other interest
in their well-being than the hope that
their lives may be spared and their
health retained until after the primar
ies which are not now far off.

CURRENT COMMENT
Steel Imports and Exports
The most desirable feature in the
year's commerce in manufactures has
been that which relates to the move
ment in the manufactures of iron and
steel. In this class of manufactures the
exports have fallen off $19,000,000, in
round figures, and the imports have in
creased $10,000,000. For many years
prior to 1901 the exports of iron and
steel had steadily increased, while im
ports had steadily decreased. Exporta
tions of iron and steel manufactures
increased from $12,000,000 in 1880 to
$121,000,000 in 1900, while imports of iron
and steel decreased from $67,000,000 in
1882 to $12,000,000 in 1889. In 1901, how
ever, the exports of iron and steel fell
to $117,000,000, and in 1902 to $98,000,000,
while the imports of iron and steel in
creased to $20,000,000 in 1900, and to
$27,000,000 in 1902. Thus the exports of
iron and steel in the fiscal year just
ended are $23,000,000 below those of
1900, and the imports of iron and steel
are $14,000,000 above those of 1899; the
total imports of iron and steel for the
year 1902 being greater than in any
year since 1893. This increase in im
ports of iron and steel has been general,
practically every class showing much
larger figures of imports in 1902 than
in 1901. Tin plate, for example, shows
an increase of over $2,000,000; ingots,
blooms and bars, over $1,000,000; pig
iron, over $1,000,000; and other classes
in about the same proportion. From
the Annual Report of the Chief of the
Bureau of Statistics.
General Smith's Homecoming
There is something especially pa
thetic in the return of General Jacob
Smith, after long and arduous service
in the Philippines, only to find that he
has been arbitrarily retired from the
army. He left Manila without a sus
picion of the fate in store for him.
He had passed through the strain of a
court-martial and knew that he might
expect a reprimand, though, in view of
the fact that the utterance for which
he was blamed had escaped him in a
moment of peculiar stress, he might
have been justified in hoping for an
abatement of even that harsh sentence.
On reaching San Francisco, however,
he found that the verdict of the court
had been increased by the president.
and that he was not only the recipient
of a public rebuke, but had been re
moved from the active list of the army
after a lifetime of devoted and credit
able service. Old, broken, sadly worn
by the terrible hardships involved in
a protracted campaign under tropical
suns and against treacherous and cruel
enemies: practically an invalid and
with little prospect of restoration to
even moderate health, he came home to
meet a punishment that must have
seemed to him as unmerited as he felt
it to be crushing. Washington Post.
As for the South
The republican party may bid as
much as it pleases for the southern
vote, and may even go to the extent of
declaring for tariff reform, as did the
Iowa convention in a faint-hearted sort
of way, but so long as the sentiment
which inspired the negro plank in the
Iowa platform is abroad at the north,
there can be no affiliation between
northern republicans and southern
democrats. Every such declaration
tends to make solid, and will be so to
the end. Whenever the republican
party comes wooing in this part of the
country, it must choose between the
white man and the negro. Richmond
Times.
The New Mexico Democrats
The democratic territorial committee
in New Mexico has arrayed itself
against the admission of that territory
under the bill now pending in the sen
ate. It bases its opposition upon the
failure of this bill to provide for certain
relatively unimportant matters which
the people of the proposed state can
easily provide for in their state con
stitution. This action should convince
republican members of the senate that
the democrats fear they would be able
to control the state government of New
Mexico should it be admitted at this
time. Denver Republican.
IRELAND AND HIS CRITICS.
We have no doubt that Archbishop
Ireland feels perfectly secure of the in
dorsement of the vast majority of the
Catholics of this country in the issue
drawn between him and his critics.
Not only is he certain that the priests
and communicants of the church will
agree that there is no occasion to
doubt that the pope has, in the nego
tiations with Governor Taft, at Rome,

carefully safeguarded the interests of
the church, but he may rest assured
that his own attitude in the present
controversy meets the hearty approval
of all conservative men in this country.
The archbishop has been criticized
because he has supreme confidence in
the wisdom of the Vatican, and says
so. He feels certain the pope and his
advisers at Rome, being familiar with
conditions in the Philippines, through
long knowledge of the needs of the
members of the church in those islands,
are in a better position to act for the
church than people in this country
who know absolutely "nothing of the
islands, and whose opinions have been
influenced by a lot of misrepresenta
tions sent from the islands by persons
whose ignorance has been proven. He
is not only confident that the pope is
in better position to safeguard the in
terests of Philippine Catholics, but
that his holiness has the interests of
those people at heart as sincerely as
any other member of the church can
have.
The men who take issue with Arch
bishop Ireland and seek to stir up
strife in the church seem to have as
sumed to themselves not only greater
knowledge of conditions in the Philip
pines than is possessed at Rome, but
also a greater loyalty to the church
than is possessed by its head. They
cannot, however, hope to impress their
fellow churchmen with their right to
be heard so long as they indulge in
sneering criticisms of Archbishop Ire
land, as one who "wants to be the
Richelieu of America," one "sees in
the formation of the American Federa
tion of Catholic Societies a menace to
his ambitions." any more than they
hope to impress their superiority of
knowledge by the assertion that there
is an inhibition, constitutional or legal,
against a Catholic becoming president
of the United States. Atlanta Consti
tution.
A FADED VIOLET.
What charm is hidden by thy leaves
Like perfume of an April rain?
Thy faded lips, so pale and sweet
I press to mine in speechless pain.
A secret lingers in my heart,
Though scent and azure tint are fled;
O, dry, mute lips, ye are the type
Of something in me cold and dead.
Of something turned to ashes gray
As are thy leaves: of days long past,
A love that wakens memory sweet,
A beauty dim that could not last.
And from thy dewy velvet mouth
All purpled with the stains of wine,
I drink the fragrance in thy heart
And hold thy faded lips to mine.
Jane Wilford.
LITTLE JAMES
(A Neck and Neck Race for the Labor
Vote of Arizona.)
Th' Laboring Element in Arizona
never had so much Sympathy as they
is gittin' now from Kernel Wilson and
Charles Shannon. Kernel Wilson,
he sez if he'd 'a been in Mr. Shannon's
Place in th' last Legislature, he'd
'a seen 'at th' Miners'd a'got what was
acomin' to him. He wouldn't 'a haf
to work more'n eight hours a day, an'
not that long if he wasn't feelin' well.
He'd 'a had all th' Mines lighted with
Electricity an' 'a had a ladder or
at least a Bucket on every Level. He'd
a' seen to it 'at th' Cars would 'a been
cushioned an' evry thing made as com
fortable as possible. A little inker he'd
a cut down th' workin' time so's 'at
th' miners wouldn't haf to work no
more'n was good fer their healths an'
to keep up a appetite so's to enjoy life.
He'd 'a kep' their pay goin' all th' time
an' if th' men 'at owned th' mines
didn't think they was gittin' out Oar
fast enough they could go down an' dig
it out theirselves if th' joined th' unions
an' got a card.
Kernel Wilson sez it makes his heart
bleed inside of him afresh whenever
he thinks of workin' more'n eight
hours a day. He sez if th' Workin'
men send him to Congress again he'll
have th' day cut down to at least
eight hours an' he'll chase th' Govern
ment double time for Night Sessions.
He sez Minin' is like Livin' muckin', th'
Laborer is Worthy of his Hire wages.
When Charles Shannon heard of
Kernel Wilson's Attitude on Labor he
sez: "I got to Butt into this Industrial
movement somewheres. an' I don't see
no good Openin'. Th' Kernel's got in
ahead of me an' elected hisself 'ha in
peen of th' Miners. Mebbe I couldn't a got
that Job nohow, fer th' Miners don't
seem to onderstand my Course in th'
last Legislature."
Mister Shannon kep walkin' up
an' down th' Labor fence till he sees
a Hole in it. Th' Typographical Union
is havin' a Run-in with th' Tucson
Star. "This is jist my 'Chance.' sez
Mister Shannon; "I'll be th' Champion
of th' Printers, fer I'm a Journalist
myself. Th' Star is Inimical to me,
anyway, an' is engaged in Hostilin' my
Friend Kernel Wilson. Th' first move I'll
make '11 be to fire Jonnie Hughes out
of th' democrat party."
"What's that for?" asts some of Mis
ter Shannon's Friends: "what's Jon
nie Hughes done? He ain't th' Tucson
Star." "No," sez Mister Shannon,
"that's True, but I got to Sacrifice
somebody fer th' Barbecue, fer th'
Printer's Union, an' he's th' only one I
can git at. Besides, he committed th'
Crime of bein' th' son of th' Editor
of th' Star. Th' sins of th' Father
shall be visited on th' Children fer
several Generations. You see I got
Biblical Authority fer offerin' Jonnie
up."
They fired Jonnie out, an' Mister
Shannon laid back an' sez: "It's
Kernel Wilson's next move."
LITTLE JAMES.
A LONDON PUBLISHER'S KICK.
He Resents Col. Harvey's Criticisms
and Says Our Novels Are Bad.
The indignation of London publishers
over the remarks made by Colonel
Harvey on the publishing business in
this country has not yet subsided. One
of them had something to say on the
subject today, in conversation with
your correspondent.
"Colonel Harvey," he said, "had his
nerve with him when he instituted a
comparison between American and En
glish publishing ideals that was derog
atory to English houses. Any Ameri
can criticism comes with a bad grace
at this time, when there are no books

printed in the United States worth the
reading.
"I was in New York not long ago and
I said as much to my friends among the
publishers there. I told them I was
pining for an entertaining book to read
in my leisure moments, but I could not
find any that interested me. Each
publisher to whom I made this plaint
would say: "Really, that's too bad.
But here's just the book you will like.
It's something special.' Then he would
send for his best recent book and I
would take it back to my hotel.
"Toward the end of my stay my table
was so covered with books that there
was not room left for a hairpin. But
such books! I could never get past
the second page of any of them.
"I met, while in America, the popu
lar author of one of your most popu
lar novels. I had looked into his book
and I told him when I got the chance
that he ought to be ashamed of him
self. He didn't deny it very strenu
ously. Then I asked him how a man
of his intelligence came to write such
a book. His explanation—it was not an
apology—was interesting.
"'You see,' he said, "'I have been a
reader of manuscripts, good and bad,
for a number of years, until my head
got full of plots, good and bad. Fi
nally I concluded to make an omelet
of them. I did, and offered it to a pub
lisher. To my surprise he accepted it.
Somewhat more to my surprise people
are liking it or at any rate are read
ing it."
"I wish," concluded this publisher,
"that the Americans would send us
more books like 'Mr. Dooley' and 'Da
vid Harum.' As for their machine
made historical novels, there are a
hundred men in England who could do
them better. But their names would
not be familiar to you, and their dem
onstrated merit is so small that I
should hesitate to handle their output."
London Letter in New York Mail and
Express.
COMING OF MILLENNIUM.
Alleged Prophecy of an Infant Near
Warsaw, in Russia.
"In one year's time there will be a
great war between the world powers,
and in three years we will witness the
coming of the millennium."
This startling prophecy, it is declared,
was a short time ago made by a male
child only 3 months old, born in a small
village near Warsaw, Russia. S. Ber
lin, a Seventh street merchant, recently
received a letter from his father in
Russia relating the incident. Accord
ing to the letter the mother left the
home for a few minutes and told her
7-year-old daughter to look after the
babe.
For some reason the little girl became
frightened and began to cry, when, ac
cording to the letter, she was startled
to hear the three-months-old baby ad
dress her plainly with the words:
"Don't cry: mamma will be back soon."
This unexpected speech from such a
source scared the little girl still more,
and she ran out of the house in search
of her mother, to whom she related the
incident. The mother immediately
went to the baby and began questioning
him. and finally the boy spoke again
and said: "Send for the rabbi."
The rabbi was immediately called and
several of the neighbors who had no
ticed the excited state of affairs about
the house also dropped in to ascertain
the cause of the commotion. When the
rabbi entered the room where sat the
prodigy the baby refused to speak un
til he and the rabbi were left alone,
and when the room had been cleared,
it is said, he gave utterance to the
prophecy mentioned previously.
A few days after Mr. Berlin received
his letter with the story of the won
derful child another gentleman in
Washington received a letter from a
different party relating the same inci
dent as that told in the first letter.
It is said that the prediction has cre
ated great consternation among the
Jews of Russia, as, naturally, it was
calculated to do.
Several Hebrews told a reporter for
the Star that, according to the Torah,
the millennium is due in about three or
four years, and they seemed much im
pressed by the reports that have come
from Russia. They consider this pro
phecy as a verification or reminder of
the approaching reign of the Jews. The
destruction of the Mahometan and an-ti-christian
kingdoms and the restora
tion of the scepter of Abraham to the
favor of God, they say, are all that is
necessary to the introduction of the
millennium. Washington Star.
OVERSIGHT.
"The world owes me a living." grum
bled the young man.
"Yes," assented the older one, "but
you made the mistake of not demand
ing collateral security for the debt."
Brooklyn Life.

LARGEST NATIONAL BANK
Designated Depositary

Capital, Surplus and Profits - -United
States and Other Bonds
Cash On Hand and Sight Exchange
Deposits

OFFICERS

J. M. ELLIOTT, President.
W. G. KECKHOFF, 1st Vice Pres.
J. C. DRAKE, 2nd Vice Pres.

Special Department for Women.

We sell Travelers' Letters of
Credit available everywhere.
ROUND

From Phoenix, Trescott, Jerome Junction or Congress Junction, only $25.95
(via Los Angeles with stop over); same price as to Los Angeles. Ask for
"Coronado Excursion Tickets," good until September 30th. Choicest resort in
the world. K. U. agents have booklets with prices, rates, etc., or address
H. F. NORCROSS,
General Agent Coronado Beach Co., 200 Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.

Large, Quiet, Sunny Rooms.
HOTEL,
ONE BLOCK FROM
310 WEST SECOND STREET
SAN
Hotel Florence
unsurpassed. Specially low

SAIL, MERRILL, Proprietor

HORTON HOUSE
reading room and parlor.
PACIFIC HOTELS
unrivaled.

ROBERT GAY, Proprietor.

The Nastafax Staff and
Formerly traveling superintendent Harvey Eating Houses. STRICTLY FIRST CLASS.
CORNER FIRST AND SPRING STREETS, LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.
The Palace Cafe and Restaurant
Opposite the Radeau Hotel
LUNCHEONS 25 CENTS
Concerts every day from 12 to 1:30, from 6 to 7:30, and from 3 to 12 nightly.
Best kitchen in connection. Imported and domestic beers on draught.
HIDEIDE S. FEDER, Proprietors

DIAMONDS ...
Solitaires, 14k rings, Stick Pins, in new and stylish settings. $12.00
Fine gold-filled Watch with Elgin or Waltham movement.
O. I. MUERKER
Jeweler
213 South Spring Street, Los Angeles, Cal.

If you Have Furnished or Unfurn
ished Houses or
Looms for Rent
List Them With
R. H. GREENE
12 N. Center St.
If you will send me a postal card, my
representative will call for particulars.

ICSP& HOWLAND

IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
of the United States.

$790,000.00
$900,000.00
$2,500,000.00
$5,400,000.00
W. T. S. HAMMOND, Cashier.
A. C. WAY, Asst. Cashier.
E. S. FAULT, Asst. Cashier.
Credit and International Cheques
TRIP TO
Convenient to all Car Lines.
SEYMOUR
HOLLENBECK HOTEL.
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
DIEGO.

Situated on Florence Heights, overlooking the city
and bay of San Diego. 175 bright and sunny
rooms. Elevator and steam heat; table and water
rates for summer. Take all St. cars.

European plan. Rooms 50c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.50;
special rates by week or month for summer.
Free 'bus to and from Hotel. Fare-A well lighted

New management.
Frank Quereau, Prop.

European Plan-Rooms single or en suite New

elevator furniture, room and river views.

House interior with electricity. AVALO.

Refrigerant
Under New Man-
agement. T. A.
mwfcMw J. E. proprietor.
and Photo Supplies

DEVELOPING PRINTING ENLARGING VIEWS
Special Attention Given to Mail Orders

O. R. 213 SOUTH BROADWAY
& 1st. LOS ANGELES, CAL.
For a pleasant Summer Vacation no place can
be found to equal
Ye Aliso's Tavern
California's Favorite Summer Resort at the
Terminus of the famous Mt. Lowe Railway,
5,000 feet above sea level. All modern
conveniences and improvements. Com
plete information on inquiry at office 200
SO. SPRING ST., LOS ANGELES. Cor
respondence solicited.
fgjj TO VISIT LIVY'S
Pimm's Restaurant when you
visit Los Angeles and half the
Pleasure of the Trip is Lost,
'for "Levy caters to the town."
131-117 West Third 263 South Main
Los Angeles, California.
Western Electric & Machine Company
rt" Centralizing and Installing
Engineers.
V o.mTnl Switchboards and
Motor Repairs.
Estimates furnished on
lighting and power
installations. P. B. 111
11th St..
Lo Ang'lea

"Follow the Flag"
AND TRAVEL BY THE
United States Lines have the finest TOUR-
IST LINE service from Chicago
to London and New York points, via. Niagara Falls.
C. S. CRNE, G. P. Agt., ROSS C. CLWE, P. C. P. Agt.
St. Louis, Mo. Los Angeles, Cal.

Don't be Fooled
Into buying a cheap Bicycle. For EIGHT
YEARS the Appeals have been standards
of excellence, they are now "better
than ever and at same old price. Appeal
'Pitch Chain "RUNS LIKE A
BELT.
APPEAL MANUFACTURING AP
JOBBING CO.
155 W. 5th St., LOS ANGELES, Cal.
-The Yorke
Cor Main and
&rci2nd Second streets.
'fUjsi a-a Large Sunny Rooms,
i Hot and Cold Baths. Electric Cars to
! all parts of the City pass the door.
! Entrance 103 Second St. Los Angeles,

mm