'JRr '"' ' ? " ' ' 1 '

'" IF--f ' ' '"

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: TUESDAY MORNING, JULY 2, 1901.
i t

IS?- , w

Sv- " " .fi J ', i i. i . ". ,

.
i
!

m

p- The Arizona Republican

O. W. VigKEItii General Manager
S. M. McCOWAN Managing-Editor
HAItvpy J. J..KE,,,, Business .Manager
J. V. SPEAll Associate Editor

The Arizona Publishing Company

Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press In Arizona.
The only battery of Linotype In Arizona. Publication office: 36-38 East Adams
street. Telephone No. 471.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.

America might check their exportation
of food stuffs, and then the wolf
would be at old Europe's door, unless
"the splendid armaments of the continental states" intervene. This is all
very amusing. To dream such dreams
one must make his couch in the midst
of frontier disputes, armed alliances
and oscillating balances of power.
They agitate the sleeper's pillow with
sensations unknown in peaceful America...

SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year
"Weekly, one year
Cash In advance.

$4.00
$2.00

BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month.... $0.75

TERRITORIAL OFFICIALS
Governor O'Murphy
Territorial Secretary T. T. Muddami
Territorial Treasurer .... T W Pemberton
Territorial Auditor C V Victors
Supt. Public Instruction H L Lock
Chief Justice Webster Street
Associate Justices
K K Sloss, George K Davis, Fletcher M Jones
Attorney General U K Ainsworth

UNION-ABLE

PHOENIX, ARIZONA, JULY 2, 1901

Phoenix is filled with migratory souls
Who wander away every springtime
seeking that illusive thing called pleasure,
which, just as likely as not, could
be found nesting under the eaves of
the homes they leave. We wonder if
it will be found nesting there when
they return.

When Dowie can get so large a fol
lowing for his extravagant theories,
there is no reason why anybody should
not go ahead and organize as many
new political parties as he happens to
feel the need of.

Phoenix Building
and Loan
Association
Every wage-earner can secure
a home through us at
not more than the cost of
rent. A small payment down,
70 cents per $100 monthly interest on
the balance, and partial payments every six
months will buy a comfortable
home ;
This is a simple, clean-cut
Proposition. See
R. H. BREENE
21 NORTH FIRST AVENUE.

Mr. Hanna may be interested in any
explanation offered as to the prosper
ity of this country; but he declines to
see why the Republican party should
be expected to come forward and apol
ogize for it.

A feud was fought to a finish in Seattle, Wash., last week. As it did
not originate with the ancestor of the
parties, it will scarcely be regarded by
Kentucky as a significant affair.

Don't leave the city for mountain
or beach without having The Re
publican accompany you. You will
be lonesome without it.

There is nothing academic or thea
trical about the explanation of this
English decline and American
growth in the iron
ASCENDANCY. Cases made last wk
at Manchester, England, by Joseph Proudfoid, a very prominent iron master. In his view
present tendencies are not the result
of better American machinery and
technical education, but simply of the
American protective tariff, which "enables
Americans to hold their own
markets against the world and sell
abroad at a pace a profit as competing
offers." British manufacturers have

The little baby who was chewed by a
grizzly in a New York park, says he
will never believe again the things
about the good, kind bears which are
running in the Sunday papers.

We have our doubts also of the reappearances of Elijah and other of the
prophets, but there is certainly a Jonah
in our international yacht race.

Mr. Bryan can console at least on be
ing always regarded by campaign
managers as a very valuable man to
make speeches for somebody else.

King Edward likes to play golf, but
has trouble in getting away from the
people who insist on climbing roofs or
looking through knot holes.

Tom L. Johnson criticizes the impro
priety of interesting the indus tries in
the cost of a street car as an issue
in a presidential campaign.

Cigars are dying from appendicitis and
be making many such confusions as has
this lately. They enable us to get a
little perspective on our own system.
The protective tariff has certainly
been the foundation of all present pros
perity and commercial expansion. This
latest machinery, effective practical
training, watchful observation of for
eign conditions through private agents
and United States consuls, and a
proper and liberal cultivation now of
the spirit and practice of reciprocity,
are tangible parts of the infrastructure.
We began with faith in ourselves, and till these things have been
or shall be added unto us.
"They cannot fight our factories and
our industry with old paintings and
older castles" is the off-hand comment
of Mr. Van Slyck, assistant secretary of
the treasury, on his return from a trip
abroad in which he heard much about
a European trade war against the
United States. It is this aggressively
breezy and trenchant optimism a new
and puzzling thing to the old world
that is giving its imaginative publicists
a furrow of life and startle. The
latest and most appalling nightmare of
all is now insinuated to be Pan-Americanism.
A Vienna newspaper views
with alarm a possible retaliatory coup
de grace from both the American and
continental sides in face of a tariff as a
barrier to the other. These two

Perfect Health'
Is within the reach of almost every
woman. The weakness, nervousness
and irritability from which so many
women suffer is in general due to dis
ease of the delicate womanly organism.
When the disease is cured the general
health is re-established.
Doctor Pierce's Favorite Prescription
makes weak women strong and sick
women well. It promotes regularity,
dries disagreeable and enfeebling drains,
heals inflammation and ulceration and
cures female weakness. When these
diseases are cured, headache, backache,
nervousness and weakness are cured also.
"I was very weak and nervous when I com
menced taking Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip
tion and 'Golden Medical Discovery,' about a
year ago," writes Mrs. M. H. Everette, of 80
Oxford Street, Woodstock, Ont. "I had been
suffering for seven long months and had taken
medicine from a physician all the time, but it
seemed to make me feel much worse. My
stomach was so bad (so my doctor told me), and
my nerves were in such a state that I would
start at the least noise. I felt irritable at all
times; was not able to do any of my own house
work; had to keep help all the time. How I
suffered God and I myself alone know. I was
greatly discouraged when I commenced taking
your medicines, but the first bottle seemed to
help me. I took five bottles of 'Favorite Pre
scription,' two of 'Golden Medical Discovery,'
also two bottles of Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.
I can cheerfully recommend these medicines to all
who suffer as I did. I never had better health
than I now enjoy, and it is all owing to Dr.
Pierce's medicines."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medi
cal Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
cost of mailing etc. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.

struck the specie yet.

The trouble with too many of our
young men is that they want to be
graduates before they are freshmen in
the school of life.

Admiral Cervera may at least con
gratulate himself on escaping dis
putes as to whose likeness is to go on
any medal.

Actors are now appearing on the
streets of New York with pet lambs.
The custom will not extend to Wall
street.

It is painful that you cannot always
judge a college professor's real wisdom
by what he is made to say in an interview.

In establishing relief as a republic
Cuba is fearfully to studiously disregard Venezuela as a model.

Another inventor has mangled his music.
Are our hospitals to become great mat
rimonial training schools?

The information about the growth in
international salt trust should be taken
with a grain to itself.

As soon as the Duke of Manchester's
debts dropped into obscurity the dukes
went with them.

If you are visiting a family and hear
a baby cry it is a sign of marriage or
it ought to be.

Speaking of the
best girl graduate
pen.h crop,
is just right
for plucking.

If a man would know a woman's im
perfections let him consult her dressmaker.

Some statesmen are self-made, but
the majority of politicians are machine-made.

HOW HE FELL FROM A BALLOON.
If a Quickly Thought Plan He Fell 200
Feet Without Harm.
George R. Lawrence, an adventurous
photographer, who snapshots the earth
from a platform held up by a balloon,
200 feet today, with his car as a
parachute, struck upon his feet and
escaped without a scratch.
On his platform, which is only 3x40
inches, with a hand rail around it two
and a half feet above the floor, Mr.
Lawrence had been up to a height of
930 feet and had taken several pictures.
He came down and started on another
ascent. Suddenly, as he was about 200
feet up, he heard a snapping sound
above him. The ropes of the netting
were breaking. He swiftly thought out
a plan of action. In a few seconds the
ropes had broken half way around the
balloon, and the globe, full of gas,
slipped out through the netting, and
beat away. What happened then
Mr. Lawrence tells:
"I had my camera in my right hand
and put it down at the first sign of
danger. Then I figured that I must try
to fall as evenly as possible. I grasped
two side rails above the guard rail and
held them fast, managing to keep my
balance, so that the platform acted like
a parachute and broke the force of the
fall.
"I was afraid that if my legs were
stiff my bones would be telescoped, so
I bent all my joints slightly, keeping
my muscles perfectly stiff. As I ap
proached the ground I raised myself on
my toes and I was in that position when
I struck. The platform hit the ground
as flat as when I started to fall.
"I fell down like a rag, of course,
when I struck, but got up at once and
found I hadn't a bruise except a slight
gash on my right knee, which doesn't
count. On the way down I was not
troubled about the outcome. I thought
of a lot of things, though, and don't
want to do it again, but I believe from
my experience that a man could fall
a great deal farther than that without
harming himself if he knew how to
do it."

Mr. Lawrence landed on a black pave
ment and workingmen and his assist
ants rushed up, expecting to find the
life crushed out of him. They could
hardly believe he was unhurt. The
first thing he did when he picked him
self up was to send a man to the tele
graph office to order another balloon.
There was only one thing that operated
to make his fall easier which was
not due to his presence of mind. He
fell so close to some telephone and tele
graph wires that the netting that
trailed behind him dragged upon them
slightly and lessened his speed in the
last forty feet. From a Chicago Tele
gram. You assure no risk when you buy
Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Di
arrhoea Remedy. Elvey & Shumott will
refund your money if you are not sat
isfied after using it. It is everywhere
admitted to be the most successful
remedy in use for bowel complaints
and the only one that never fails. It
is pleasant, neat and reliable.

Golden & Co. carry the Buckeye
Mower and Tiger Rakes. No other
makes do equal them and our prices are
the lowest.
o
GET FURS REPAIRED.

LOSS JUSTICE LES

s. Kzmeam,siayi

'fi&imSi

,-SKUm!V3Sj.Zili 1 ifiH&sCr

Y

-"-i?-i

t

HOTEL
LOS ANGELES, CAL.

Trunks, Bags, Suit Cases.
Send for new Catalogue.

RATES: $1.25 to $3.00 per day

Private rooms. Rooms $2.00 up.
The most popular house in Los Angeles for
Arizonans; lately added a third story
and now contains 175 rooms, all newly fur
nished, with running water and elevator.
Thirty suites with private baths.
Free Bus To and From All Trains.

PHONE AND RATES:
HOTEL CLARENDON.

123 Rooms; 40 beautiful suites
with private baths: electric lights
Hot and cold water throughout.
A first-class European Hotel.
RATES, 50c A DAY AND UP.
303 S. Hope Street, Corner Fourth,
Los Angeles, Cal.

WHITNEY & SONS.

The Colomas,

H. Spring Street.

Keilxision ...

Near Winchester Hotel, 18 West Lake Avenue. A beau
tiful new building, newly furnished; large porches, pleasant surroundings; immaculate rooms.
Only a select and limited number accommodated.

Hotel Savoy ;

Second or Seventh street cir.

New, 17 renovated rooms.
$2.00 a day. Special rates by week or month.

CLYAS; Manager.

TILDES OAKS

Rooms, 160 S. Broadway. Pleasant rooms, single or
en suite. Rates reasonable.

Rooms

CENTRAL LOCATION.
Third and Main Streets. Centrally located European plan; private baths; rates reasonable. Mrs.
A. WILSON, Proprietor.

D. Honolt, of 217 South Broadway, Los
Angeles, the leading furrier of Califor
nia, will make over and repair seal and
other fur garments at special rates
during the summer season. He stores
garments free of charge. Take your
garments to him when you go to
the coast and have the work done
right.

Los Angeles
HEALER
1111 SOUTH HOPE STREET,
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
An elegant hotel for the Sick,
Heated by Steam. Lighted by both
Electricity and Gas. A Resident Physi
cian, and a Corps of forty Trained
Nurses. Three well equipped operating
rooms. Five delightful verandas. A
Roof Garden, forty feet wide by sixty
feet long. Reached by all street car
lines, directly or by transfer.

Manufacturers and Dealers of
TENTS, AWNINGS, CAMP FURNITURE, ETC.
Reliable; Oakland Contracted
401 S. Main Street, Los Angeles, Cal.

Best Coffee
In the City

The

Broadway
Coffee Parlor....
The most satisfactory short
order house in Los Angeles.

OYSTERS ANY STYLE.
Meals Served All Day.
111 W. Broadway, Los Angeles,
Miss. M. Huldbridge, Proprietor.

THE SUNNYSIDE
313 N. BROADWAY.
Fine location; housekeeping privi
leges; strictly modern, parlor, piano,
etc.

THE WISCONSIN
213 W. SIXTEENTH ST.
Select family rooming house, with
complete housekeeping arrangements;
excellent beds; baths; private board.
Reasonable rates. Choice of car lines.

A PLEASANT HOME

During Summer months in Southern California.
Board reasonable. Pupils instructed in French,
German, English, Art and Music. Address
"Classical School for Girls,"
131 S. Euclid Ave., Pasadena, Cal.

"JEE&

WITH FORK MOUNTAIN WATER AT
AVALON
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND
Dozens of swift power launches
for bathing and excursions. Tuna Club tournament now on. Our Marine
Band, including Chas. Streeper of St. Louis, cornetist, and other soloists of
national reputation. The best golf links. The aquarium, containing hun
dreds of living wonders of the deep. Boating and bathing over Nature's most
wonderful marine gardens as seen at great depth through smooth, trans
parent waters. Catalina offers attractions not possible at other resorts.
Daily steamer service. Hotel Metropole always open. Take Southern Pa
cific or Salt Lake Route trains leaving Los Angeles daily at 6:03 and 8:51
a. m., respectively. Fare, round trip from Los Angeles, excursion, $2.50; reg
ular, $3.75. Panning Co., 622 S. Spring St., Los Angeles. Phone Main 36.

HOTEL BALTIMORE
EUROPEAN PLAN
Elegant suites with private baths.
Up-to-date in every particular.
H. EILITON JORDON, Prop.
Northeast Corner Seventh and St

THE YORKE

Large
Rooms
Hot and
Cold Baths

Corner Fifth and Second streets, Los Angeles, California.

Modern, first-class location. Rooms convenient to restaurants, theatre, postoffice, electric cars to all parts of the
city pass the door. Entrance 101 East Second street.

The best appointed Hotel at reasonable prices
in Los Angeles, California. Located on Main
Street, directly opposite the U.S. Postoffice.
Every modern convenience; new and clean;
superior accommodations for business. Rates
American plan, $2.00 per day and up. European
plan, 75c per day and up. Special rates to families or guests remaining a week or more. Large
electric cars cross the door. Robb W. Vellfur, Props.

220 S. Spring
Street,

THE LOFSLYN

Rooms 121-323
Otiswood Block,

RUPTURE
Can be permanently cured by DR. FRANKLIN
& CO. Our cure is a recent discovery by Dr
Franklin, and is a permanent, painless, safe and
quick method. No knife, no injections and no de
tention from business. Treatment by mail. Cor
respondence solicited.
DR. FRANKLIN & CO.,
Los Angeles, Cal.

WHILE IN THE CITY

You should not fail
to visit us and sit for
some of the latest
steel engraving Portraits made only
and first Introduced by this Studio.
Worldwide reputation for high grade
work. Medals awards from Paris expo
sition. World's fair, and first prize
gold medal at Midwinter Fair, San
Francisco, 1891.

The choice of the latest style pictures STUDIO, 127 N Spring St., Los Angeles.

MRS. MARR F. E. HENTZ, Proprietor.
WILSON'S, 125 S. HILL ST. (Between 3rd and 4th)
A FAVORITE PLACE FOR ARIZONIANS.
One block from shopping center. Under new management; thoroughly reno
vated, well cared, quiet Family and Transient Hotel at moderate price. Rooms large, cool and finely
furnished. Excellent popular cuisine.

HOTEL RAMONA -
Fourth and Third Fts.
Coolest house, lowest summer rates.

Most Central Location.
F. B. MALLORY, Prop

First and Spring Streets,
LOS ANGELES.
Allen & Thompson, Props.

HOTEL NADEAU

Rooms 70 to 200. Free bus from all trains to Hotel. New management;
renovated throughout. All cars pass hotel. Rooms
from 50 cents to $2.00 per day. Special rates by week. $10-$35.
121 S. Main St. A EICHENHOFER, Prop.

While on your visit to

Los Angeles for the season

Fish, Oysters Steaks,
Chops, etc., call on AL LOREZ & CO., the best
known Cafe on the Pacific Coast. 111 W. Third St.

DON'T FORGET!

RELIABLE AND EXPERIENCED DRUGGISTS.
W. J. & C. T. ----, 61 So. Broadway, opposite City Hall.
Manufacturers of LUX-California
Toiletries. Mail orders a specialty.

ADOLF FUESB,
OPTICIAN AND PRACTICAL OPTICIAN.
Eyes tested on premises and prescriptions filled same
day ordered. Tel. Main 1012. 106 South Spring street.

ACME FEATHER WORKS
Hats and Millinery and Poultry supplies, mail orders
filled. Send for catalogue.
307 South Main street.

Bellevue Terrace Hotel

Best appointed family hotel

Hotel Los Angeles
Corner Sixth and Figueroa
C. A. TAULE & CO., Props.

$30 per month up. Telephone Main 460.

Live Centipedes and Horned Toads, &c. E. MEYERS, Jr., Taxidermist
and His Curio Store. Fourth and Main Sts., opposite Van Ness.

Westminster Hotel Los Angeles, Cal.

HOT WEATHER LINEN GOODS. Rubbber Co.
WINDSOR COLLAR CO., 451 Broadway. Los Angeles, Cal.

A respectable and quiet rooming house;
close to restaurants and business cen
ter; housekeeping privileges

Rooms from $5.00 per week to $12.00
Hoyd St., just off Los Angeles St., between Third and Fourth.

NEWLY FURNISHED throughout. Next door
to Ocean door east of Hotel Westminster.

Private and public baths; rates reasonable.
Fourth Street, between Canal and Main. Centrally located European plan.

Miss J. L. Smith, Prop.

STRAND ROOMS, Third and Temple Sts. A quiet family home.
Newly furnished rooms, convenient to all
places of amusement and within one block
of court house; high location; rates reasonable to permanent parties; table board if desired.

The Winthrop,

118 S. Spring Street. Strictly first class, hot and cold
baths, steam heat. Mrs. C. M. Hall. Prop.

THE BROWNSBERGER HOME SCHOOL
OF SHORTHAND AND TYPEWRITING, Los Angeles, California.
Located on its beautiful property, 1125 W. Seventh St. Beyond the excision and temptations of the ninth streets yet within easy walking distance; easy access to all car lines; extensive grounds, beautiful flowers and grand trees. A typical modern refined home combined
with the most thorough business training.
Three experienced teachers and a paid director. This school owns a larger number of
machines than any other school in the state. Every pupil furnished one of his Home or room
free of charge. Office training daily. Under a special teacher, speed work under a special
teacher. Daily instruction in spelling, punctuation and English composition. Penmanship
and bookkeeping after July 1st. Spanish after September 1st. Largest shorthand enrol in
Southern California, dues junior pupils enrolled for month of June. Evening school all
summer under experienced teachers. Large, handsome catalogue free.

ACCORDION PIANO, PLATINUM and first-class; free baths; convenient
restaurant. 431 South Spring Street.

HOTEL BREWSTER

Corner Fourth and C Sts., San Diego
Rooms $1.00
per Day up..

The most elegantly furnished and equipped hotel in Southern California.
Rooms for commercial travelers. Hot and cold water in all suites. All
modern conveniences. A modern dining room on the premises.

The Albatross Inn.

MIS MICHELLE

NORTON HOUSE !

DAUGETT, Prop.

Best location in San Diego. Rooms,
villas and cottages. The table a
specialty. Write for circular and
rates.

Best furnished rooms. Rates reasonable
Special Patronage Solicited. Centrally Located.
Cool and Pleasant. J. H. Simman, Prop.

FIFTH ST., BETWEEN C AND D.
European plan, rooms 50c, $1.00 and $1.50; special
rates by week or month for $5.00 and up. Free livery
and omnibus. New Management. B. F. Barlowe, Prop.

THE GRISWOLD, 10 rooms, three story brick; bay windows
on three sides, suite parlors, sliding doors, running water, and beautiful dining room.

See the place before you locate,
or put on train at Oceanside.

E. POORE and WIFE, Props.

The Very Latest and most Stylish

MILLINERY

222 West 3rd Street.
Between Spring and Broadway.

To be soon at 200 A. CLARICE'S
Maison Nouvelle

LOS ANGELES, CAL.

PHOTO SUPPLIES. Developing.
Eastman Kodak Co.,
145 S. Main Street, Los Angeles, Cal.

THE WITHERBYS, 114 Ave. Opposite Hotel Azelda.

New modern rooms
with housekeeping privileges

Long Beach.

Mrs. I. F. Clark, 631.

Quiet, centrally located. Newly furnished rooms. Rates
reasonable. Front rooms, 25c to 75c.

' ; ; --' ' ' -- - ' ' -- -- -- - - -- - --- - - - - -- - - -- - -- - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - -