THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN. SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917

PAGE FIVE

FEDERAL MINE DEVELOPMENT CO.

HERBERT B. ATHA, President.

This company has been formed to take over and develop good mining prospects, not to sell stock, and would be pleased to have any worthy properties called to its attention.

OFFICE: Arizona
5th and Buchanan Sts.
& THE MINES
PROGRESSIVE ARIZONA
(By Alvin S. Carpenter, Los Angeles,
in Mining and Oil Bulletin)
The state mining bureau of Arizona is not limited to the English-speaking class and is a very valuable assistant to the mining industry of that state. Beginning with October the "State Safety News," issued monthly by the bureau, is published both in English and Spanish, inasmuch as the production of Spanish laborers in the state is large, the necessity for education along safety lines is even greater for the Spanish employees than for the English-speaking class. The publication is for free distribution and a number of copies are being sent to the mines employing Mexican labor for distribution among their employees.

Mine and Smelter Sampling Bulletin No. 25
Owing to the prevalent idea among men operating small properties that smelters and custom mills in many cases give false returns on ores that are sent them for treatment, this state bureau has recently conducted a careful investigation of mills and smelters within the state. Such investigation has shown that it would be utterly impracticable for any smelter or mill to so falsify its method of sampling as to lower returns and still give the shipper one-half of the sample for a check assay. In this bulletin the bureau endeavors to instruct the small miner to sample his ore properly so that, by sampling before shipment, he may ascertain its correct value and have a check on the smelter or mill.

It also gives the smelters' methods of sampling in considerable detail in order that the reader may determine for himself how, with the many changes in the routine and the large number of men that would be concerned in any falsifying system, it would be practically impossible to give incorrect returns.

Short Courses for Miners
On October 2, at the University of Arizona at Tucson, the college of mines and engineering opened a five weeks course in "Prospecting," covering the elements of blow-pipe analysis, mineralogy, petrology, geology and surveying. The student is taught how to identify all the common and rarer important ore minerals by the use of the blow-pipe and how to recognize the principal ore and gangue minerals and rocks at sight. The geology covers that part pertaining directly to mining.

On December 4, a two weeks course in field geology gives practice in the application of geological theory in the field.

A practical course in assaying starts on January 3, 1917, lasting a week and a half. The course is intended to teach the routine work on mine assay offices, the use of apparatus, reagents, methods of sampling, and the assay of solutions and bullion.

Beginning January 15 a three weeks metallurgist's course will be conducted dealing with concentration and amalgamation, and including practical work in mill and laboratory, the chemistry of the cyanide process, mill and cyanide plant clean-ups, and the refining of bullion. A course on flotation occupying one week follows this metallurgist's course that should be of great value.

The final course, designated the miner's course, starts on February 12 and runs six weeks. It covers the various departments of mining such as mine timbering, mine blacksmithing, operation of underground machinery, mine management and accounting.

With the exception of the field geology, which cannot be taken by one unfamiliar with the ground covered by the prospecting course, and the metallurgist's course, which can only be taken by men with a knowledge of assaying, the courses are independent of each other. A student may enroll in all of them or he may take only those in which he is especially interested. Tuition in these courses is free to residents of Arizona, while others are charged a tuition of one dollar per course. Incidental fees for the different courses run from $1.00 to $5.00.

Although the time for such study seems limited, these courses will undoubtedly be of the greatest value to men with practical experience and the state must be commended for its effort.

A EXTENSION

COPPER MINING COMPANY

Capital Stock $1,500,000.00
1,500,000 shares Par value, $1.00
Fully paid and non-assessable

RESERVE SHARES

SUBSCRIPTION OFFICES

El Paso
Bisbee
Douglas
Tucson
Salt Lake City

J. A. Wilson Globe
J. C. Scott & Co. Jerome
H. D. McPhail Superior and Ray
Coleman & Bacher Prescott
Neary & Mauk Phoenix

SILVER AND COPPER TO BE

About copper and silver should revolve the destinies of the mining securities market of the current year. Of special interest is the situation in the white metal, because of the indication that the buying which has been going on during the past few months, inconspicuously but never helplessly persistently, is taking up the production at a rate that promises to create a silver famine unless production is substantially increased.

Figures recently published by the United States geological survey show a falling off in the silver production during the year, in point of number of ounces turned out, of some 2,000,000 ounces from the 1916 figures. The reduction in silver output was somewhat surprising, in view of the speed with which the copper producers have been operating, more especially those which are heavy producers of silver.

The reduction in output in Cobalt of about 1,000,000 ounces from the 1915 production, moreover, does not indicate that there is in prospect any abundance of the white metal. New silver camps are not coming in; Mexico is out of the market, and many of the mines abroad are idle. In the meantime, the volume of fiat money issued by the warring countries is growing; new issues are contemplated; the gold is going into seclusion, or coming to the United States, and Europe is seeing silver during the latter half of 1917.

It is recognized that the disappearance of metal money from circulation may be of serious import, and public demand force the coinage of a large quantity. In this event, it is recognized that the only medium will be silver. China was recently a heavy buyer of the metal, but the chief demand is from Europe, where the likes of foreign countries, combined with the buying of the government of this country, keeping demand at close to the production point. For the first ten days of the current month, silver maintained a level of above 75 cents an ounce, and while, for the moment, there is a temporary reaction, it is considered as only preliminary to another early upswing that may carry the white metal above $1 an ounce, and set the profits of the silver producers at new high record points.

In analyzing market conditions, it will be seen that, although the profits of the silver producers have been substantially increased through the advance in silver metal, the securities of the silver producers, whether the metal is produced as an original product, or in combination with base metals, have been practically at a standstill, owing to the excitement in the copper share market. The coming year is fully recognized, and many shrewd traders are buying steadily of the silver, silver-lead and silver-zinc producers, in the belief that the retention of these stocks over a reasonable period, will repay the patience of their purchases in very substantial profits.

Interest is again swinging back to the coppers, chiefly owing to the rumors that Great Britain, acting for the allied powers, will shortly place an order with American producers for the requirements of copper for derated that the order will be larger than any previous contract placed by the allied powers, which is taken to mean that it will be at least for 500,000,000 pounds of the metal.

In view of the business placed during the latter part of 1916 for delivery during the current year, it is indicated that such an order will practically clean up the production uncontracted for at the present writing, with the exception of a few small lots. It is stated that the contract may be placed around 18 cents a pound, but the effect of the denuding of the market for red metal for the balance of 1917 is expected to create record-breaking copper prices for last half delivery metal to those manufacturers who have yet failed to cover their requirements.

Should the production of the country during the last six months of the year be placed under contract at the figure named, there is likely to be substantial dividend increases among the producers within the next few months. While desirable to keep substantial treasury resources on hand, it is recognized that the sums of money accumulated are getting unwieldy, and that stockholders are entitled to a more generous distribution of profits.

Such conditions, we believe, will create a new bull market in the copper shares, representing both the producing and non-producing companies, and the establishment of higher prices for the coppers in 1917 than were recorded in 1916, looks probable at the present writing.

REAL WEALTH OF WORLD'S GOODS
What Real Wealth Means in a Strictly True Sense of Living

Not many feet from the exact spot where the first thought of Thrift Day originated, and within arm's reach of a business thoroughfare where thousands are daily passing, are the earthly remains of a man whose words of wisdom and admonitions for thrift are proverbial the world over.

This same "Poor Richard" has often been pointed out as a fine example of his own teachings applied. Practicing what he preached, his life was an excellent demonstration of live and help live.

There are many other prominent men of history esteemed as "great" (because of, not alone their fine words of help, but their actual deeds) which prove the practicability of living when the true principles of self-economy are applied as in thrift. By way of example and precept, the thrift lesson has been taught well. But, has the lesson been well learned? and has it been applied to living in a practical way?

The study of thrift is well worth being taken strictly to heart by everyone. It is easily learned, easily applied, and the results are sure and almost immediate. But before applied, there is required a certain self-analysis and that must be an honest one.

As producers, this nation is among the highest; and the present is, perhaps, the most advanced and favorable period in history. There remains, in this country almost universally for industrious workers, a happy content with abundance of necessities and many luxuries of life.

This situation is rather a passive one of fortune. It is the result of favorable circumstances rather than of tactical thrift, but the position is not fortified, prepared for real emergencies, as true thrift should make it. It is not tenable. The organization is vulnerable from many standpoints. The mere piercing of the shell, by a not extraordinary adversity, would shortly reveal a fatal weakness.

Proof of this assertion is shown by strikes, crop shortages, over and under productions, resulting in the suspension or stoppage of manufacture and other business. In localities thus affected, the preparedness (?) of communities, yes, multitudes is often swept away overnight!

Many of the mill-workers in Pittsburgh receive high wages. Some boss rollers command $25.00 to $30.00 a day. But within twenty-four hours after a strike is on, very many of these same individuals are in the bread line, "broke." The reason, of course, is extravagance and waste.

There are many good ways to start a thrift campaign for oneself, and thoroughly, acquire the habit. Here is one:

Start right in by waving aside the very first over-indulgence that is presented. And, as confronted by others, discard, one by one, all those things unnecessary to one hundred per cent efficiency in living.

When considered in this light, it is neither hard nor irksome. It doesn't mean nor is it required to be penurious, stingy or miserly, or to give up anything really necessary to correct living. Live well and right, but give up those things which, past that point, seem extravagant, over-indulgent, over-luxurious.

In very short measure it will be apparent that many things now considered a part of usual routine will prove to be entirely unnecessary; and that their elimination will allow much greater freedom of action and quicker development, as well as instantly and imperially reducing expense items.

"Poor Richard" says: "Buy what thou hast no need of, and ere long thou shalt sell thy necessities." No one need say what these needless things are. One's own best judgment, if honestly followed, will be a sure guide.

Remember this, profit by it, and only a few days, maybe hours, perhaps minutes, and there will be a surplus of money for which there will appear no immediate use. That is the very first result and reward of thrift! In a short time, the person who holds right to such a purpose will be amazed at how little is really necessary for complete and happy living, as compared with his larger powers of production; in other words how much profit surplus there is in work when the items paid out the expenses are reduced to simple normal demand.

To exercise thrift requires some fixity of purpose, an effort of mind, an exercise of will-power. As an aid to definite decided action, Thrift Day is set aside as an objective point, to which and from which thrift plans can be more readily worked. Every day of the year will more easily become a thrift day, because of the special attention and consideration given to the anniversary.

Start a new thrift habit on Thrift Day. There is untold satisfaction in self-help, self-betterment; there will be much enjoyment in participating with the many thousands who now celebrate the day.

WHY IT IS NEEDED

In order to get the very best results from the electrical system on a motor car, it is necessary to get the full amount of current delivered from the storage battery to the electrical system. In covering the subject the Willard Storage Battery company of Cleveland, emphasize the care that should be exercised in keeping terminals and all wire connections clean and tight. A loose connection or a terminal which may have some acid on it after the battery has been filled, will become corroded and create a greater resistance for the electrical current to pass through.

This, naturally weakens the strength of the current and at the same time wears out the connections by eating through them. After filling a battery with water, it is well to wipe off the top carefully with a piece of waste or an old cloth dampened with ammonia or washing soda solution, and to see that all wires are fastened tightly before the car is put into operation again.

Points like these may seem simple to the average car owner, but by carefully following the instructions of battery experts, better starting and lighting service are sure to result. The Schweitzer Machine company of this city are Arizona service representatives of the Willard Storage Battery company.

FRED WOODWARD
"MOVIES"
NOW IN

Famous Animal Actor Making Child Plays at "V" With Violet MacMillan

Fred Woodward, famous as "Hank," the pet mule in Morosco's production, "The Tik Tok Man of Oz," is now in Los Angeles, engaged in making a series of child plays in which he is playing his inimitable roles. Mr. Woodward is recognized as the greatest player of "animal" roles the stage has ever known.

Motion picture fans will recall that Mr. Woodward appeared in animal roles in "The Patchwork Girl of Oz," opposite the dainty Violet MacMillan. Mr. Woodward is again appearing opposite Miss MacMillan at Universal City.

VIVIAN (SANTA CLAUS) RICH
Pretty Fox Star Gives Christmas Tree for Orphans

Vivian Rich, the pretty William Fox star, was "Miss Santa Claus" to the little children of the Los Angeles Orphanage on Christmas day. Miss Rich caused an immense Christmas tree to be placed in the orphanage, secured a Santa Claus, and distributed hundreds of presents that she had personally selected at downtown stores.

Miss Rich is well known to the children of the Los Angeles Orphanage, for her visits to that institution are frequent and always mean presents and lots of "goodies."

Music and Drama

(Continued from Page Three)

under his baton as the piano keyboard notes are familiar to a Paderewski.

In writing of the program selected for Phoenix, Mr. Wendell Heighton, manager of the Orchestral Society, writes that it is one of the strongest programs on the repertoire of America's foremost orchestra, the Minneapolis Symphony.

The seat sale is progressing to the satisfaction of the local manager, Eugene Redewill, and those desiring preferred locations of seats should lose no time in making their reservations at the Pedewill Music company's store at 222 West Washington street.

"The Price of Silence, or, The Woman Pays," which will be shown at the Columbia today and Monday, is a play filled with thrills, one that pointedly asks what would you do under like conditions that demonstrates that "conscience makes cowards of us all."

The play deals with two young lovers driven to the shelter of a wayside inn late at night by torrential rains and bitter cold winds, the landlord demands they register as man and wife. Lightning strikes the inn, killing the youth and leaving the distressed girl to explain to a country doctor her predicament. Years later this same doctor appears to persecute her, asking the hand of her daughter as the price of his silence. Here arises one of the most tense situations ever depicted on the screen. It is a logical play, locally presented, no other play has ever even approached the heights of sensational detail embraced in "The Price of Silence."

Dorothy Phillips as the young girl is splendid and is ably supported by a special cast of Blue Bird artists.

On January 23 and 24, Francis X. Bushman and Beverly Bayne will make their appearance in "Romeo and Juliet," an eight act production from the Metro studio. This will be followed on January 25, by Mme. Petrova in the "Black Butterfly." This masterpiece filled with deep heart interest as well as the terrors of war, is Mme. Petrova's most magnificent screen triumph. It is regrettable that the Columbia management will be unable to play "The Black Butterfly" for more than one day, but they have so many high-class attractions to offer to the people of Phoenix that it is impossible to give them all two or three days showing. The "Eyes of the World," which plays a return engagement on January 26 and 27, will be followed by "God's Crucible," a story of the Grand Canyon of Arizona on January 28 and 29. Master pictures too numerous to mention are on the list for showing at this popular playhouse in the next few weeks.

Hundreds of people failed, when "The Eyes of the World" packed the Columbia theater for three days early in January, to see the motion picture sensation of the year, and so many requests have come to Manager Mauk for a chance to see "The Eyes of the World," that he opened negotiations with W. H. Clune, the California producer, for a return date. Manager Mauk has secured the attraction for a two day supplementary run on Friday and Saturday, January 26 and 27, matinees and evenings.

To book a photodrama for a return date so soon after its first engagement is almost an unheard of thing here. In Los Angeles, where, "The Eyes of the World" was launched on January 1, it is still running to the heaviest business of any attraction since "Ramona" a year ago. In San Diego, where "The Eyes of the World" was exhibited recently for fourteen crowded performances, the picture was immediately booked for return within a fortnight.

The famous Arizona author of this story of love and adventure in Southern California, Harold Bell Wright, whose eight romances including "The Winning of Barbara Worth," "The Shepherd of the Hills," etc., have had a sale of over eight million copies, had an active personal hand in the preparation of his story for the screen.

It took seven months to film "The Eyes of the World" on the scenes of the story and it is the finest reproduction of a current popular story ever prepared for the theater.

Among the many thrilling scenes in this production are a furious hand-to-hand combat on the top of a rugged cliff, the kidnapping of Sybil Andres, the horsemanship of the forest rangers in their search for her, and the escape and wanderings of the convict in the San Bernardino mountains.

The musical score of "The Eyes of the World," which is played by an augmented orchestra, is the most beautiful and elaborate since "The Birth of a Nation."

"Romeo and Juliet," Shakespeare's immortal romantic drama, produced in eight stupendous acts by Metro will be the extraordinary attraction at the Columbia theater next Tuesday and Wednesday with matinees daily.

The screen production of this famous classic is regarded as Metro's greatest achievement, and equals from the standpoint of lavish production, costuming and stage effects as well as to the number of players utilized, many of the special attractions playing at top prices.

Francis X. Bushman, and Beverly Bayne, the Southern and Marlowe of the screen, will be seen in the fascinating title roles. "Romeo and Juliet," a play which is studied in the schools throughout the civilized world, should be seen by every man, woman and child in Phoenix, as it is a production of unusual educational value.

Shakespeare's matchless story of love and tragedy scarcely needs to be refreshed in the minds of the public, since the tale has always been a favorite one. Romeo and Juliet who fall in love with each other at first sight, are members of two noble families in Verona, Italy, who have for years been at enmity with each other. In the production, fidelity to the greatest dramatic poet of all ages has been carried to the last degree. Every member of the cast was obliged to learn the words of the play and repeat them with the proper action, before the camera. The genius of Mr. Bushman and Miss Bayne has never been so well exemplified as in the roles of the two lovers.

MINING PRODUCTS BOUGHT

We are Smelters, Refiners and Buyers of Gold and Silver Bullion, Amalgam, Concentrates, Cyanide Product, Battery Chips, Old Copper Plates and Platinum.

HIGHEST CASH RATES PAID

WILDBERG BROS.
ESTABLISHED TEN YEARS
114 Pacific Bldg. 4th & Market Sts.
San Francisco

R. D. O. JOHNSON
Mining Engineer
Room 4, Lewis Bldg. Phone 624

TIRE GOODS, shipped to all points C. O. D. Money refunded on goods returned intact within one week.

Special Prices. Tubes.

Size. Plain Tread. Gray. Red.
28x3 $7.20 $1.85 $2.05
30x3 7.65 1.95 2.20
30x3 1/2 9.85 2.20 2.45
31x3 1/2 10.40 2.25 2.50
32x3 1/2 10.95 2.35 2.55
34x3 1/2 12.05 2.40 2.35
36x3 1/2 13.25 2.50 2.90
30x4 14.50 2.95 3.25
31x4 15.25 3.00 3.35
32x4 15.45 3.10 3.45
33x4 16.15 3.25 3.55
34x4 16.45 3.30 3.70
35x4 17.20 3.35 3.80
36x4 17.45 3.45 3.90
34x4 1/2 22.25 4.05 4.50
35x4 1/2 22.95 4.15 4.55
36x4 1/2 23.35 4.30 4.75
37x4 1/2 24.10 4.35 4.85
35x5 26.00 4.95 5.45
36x5 26.35 5.15 5.60
37x5 27.40 5.20 5.70

Non-Skid Prices in Proportion

WE GUARANTEE

Prices Subject to Change Without Notice

Automobile Tire Co.
6th & Olive Sts Los Angeles, Cal.

H. A. Demarest
The Oldest Automobile Tire Jobbing Concern in the United States and the largest in the world.

BONDS

H. D. McPHAIL
BROKER
Superior, Arizona
Correspondents Boston and New York

STOCKS

Carbide Mine Lamp

WORKS WITHOUT WATCHING

Always a steady flame
Nothing to be raked or regulated
20 per cent more light
Nothing to get out of order
Pressure is always right
No Filtering Felts used
Wind and drip proof

Carbide in

PRATT-GILBERT COMPANY

Arizona Distributors