PUBLICAN.
SIXTH YEAR.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH 3, 1896.
VOL. VI. NO. 240.

THE ARIZONA

E

mttMiifmiitictntiiittttitittiimf it nuttttt

JII Ml 111 1IM1M1M11 111
It
8
tt
t
!!

Peeping

Out
Prices!

tt The Carnival is over
i

We will use our time in making a general clearance to

make room for our Spring
New York by our Mr. Dave

GOLDBERG BROS!

It

SHOE AND CLOTHING STORE

Remember Our Free Labor
111 111 HI 111 HI HI HI 111 HI

fiHatSSStS&n(NHtiliMUS&liSMMit3Htl

THE MAIDS' OBJECTION
Grieved at the Action of
Congress.
Mob Violence Tried at Barcelona. United States Government Preparing for Possible Trouble
Over Cuba.
WASHINGTON, March 2. The
Spanish-American situation growing
out of the riots at Barcelona and other
cities in Spain was regarded so serious by the president that a special
meeting of the cabinet was held last
night, though the call was issued under
the guise of a dinner for Secretary Olney. Secretary Olney read a letter
from Minister DeLome including a
cable message he had received from his
government that Spain was exerting
all her power in protecting the United
States legation and consuls, and he
could give assurances that they would
be protected from any harm. Also the
Americans visiting and residing in
Spain would be safe from the attacks
of mobs and other riotous assemblies.
Another communication created profound surprise. It was a message from
the Spanish minister of foreign affairs
at Madrid insisting that the United
States government disavow the action
of the senate as a condition precedent to continued friendly relations
between the two governments. The
president and cabinet ministers present were inclined to excuse the message to some extent upon the basis of
his ignorance of the United States and
its form of government.
The only result of the conference
was the practical agreement that the
secretary of state should promptly respond in kindly terms to the communication of Minister DeLome and thank
his government for its readiness to
protect Americans and American interests in Spain.
The demand for a disclaimer of the
senate's resolution will be ignored.
The secretary of the navy, purely as
a measure of precaution, will bring an
efficient fleet of war vessels near
enough together to send them promptly to any point that may be threatened.
SPANISH APOLOGY.
Disclaimer of the Work of a Barcelona
Mob.
WASHINGTON, March 2. A cable
gram from Minister Taylor reached

III III III III 111 111 III HI !!!

1
and for the next 30 days we
i i .
stock now being bought in
Goldberg.
tt
Office.
111 111 111 111 111 HI HI Hi !!!
Secretary Olney yesterday evening. It
was as follows:
"The minister of state has just called
to express his deep regret that a mob
had insulted the Barcelona consulate,
breaking the windows, and offered
complete reparation."
The excitement in Spain over the
action of the United States senate
States consulate at Barcelona fails to
find a corresponding reflex in Washington, at least in official circles. Almost everywhere the feeling is that
the affair is not one which of necessity
must lead to hostilities.
MORE JACK TARS.
Increase of the Navy as a Precautionary Measure.
WASHINGTON, March 2. The sen
ate has passed the bill for the increase
of the navy by 1,000 enlisted men, for
the calling out and enlistment of naval
militia in case of emergency, and for
the charter of troop transport ships in
case of emergency.
Hale, who urged the bill, said he did
not think war imminent, but in view
of the course of the United States, he
regarded an emergency clause desirable. A NEW COALING STATION.
One May Be Established
Near the
WASHINGTON, March 2. Senator
Gorman today introduced a joint resolution directing the secretary of the
navy to appoint a board of three naval
officers to examine the site for a coaling station on Navassa Island in the
West Indies near the coast of Cuba.
A SPANISH SQUADRON.
Additional Force to Be Sent to Cuba
Without Delay.
MADRID, March 2. The newspapers here confirmed the report that
the Spanish naval squadron consisting
of four cruisers and a dispatch boat is
to be sent to Cuba without delay. In
addition Spanish naval officers and
marines are to be attached to the
Spanish mail boats, which are to be
armed and equipped as auxiliary
cruisers.
FILIBUSTERS ACTIVE.
An Expedition About to Sail From a
Florida Key.
WASHINGTON, March 2. The state
department has received information
from Spanish sources that a filibustering expedition is fitting out at Alligator Key, Florida. It is that the
schooners S. R. Mallory and Adel are
to meet the steamer Three Friends at
the Key with men and arms.

THAT SCHOOL LAND BILL
Protests Against Its Enactment
Senate Petitioned to Sustain
the President.
A Republican League Club Resolution Telegraphed to Senator Teller.
The news that President Cleveland's
veto of the land lease bill had been
overridden in the house of representatives by a vote of 198 to 38 was the
cause of much excitement in the city
Sunday and yesterday.
The bill, which is generally considered to be one especially favored by
the territorial administration, is as
follows:
"Be it enacted by the senate and
house of representatives of the United
States of America in congress assembled that the lands reserved for university purposes, and all of the school
lands in the territory of Arizona reserved by law for school purposes, may
be leased under such laws and regulations as may be hereafter prescribed
by the legislature of said territory, but
until such legislative action the governor, secretary of the territory and
superintendent of public instruction
shall constitute a board for the leasing
of said lands under the rules and regulations heretofore prescribed by the
secretary of the interior for the respective purposes for which the said
reservations were made, except that it
shall not be necessary to submit said
leases to the secretary of the interior
for his approval; and all necessary expenses and costs incurred in the leasing, management and protection of
said lands and leases may be paid out
of the proceeds derived from such
leases. Provided, that no lease shall
be made for a longer period than five
years and all leases shall terminate on
the admission of such territory as a
state. And provided further, that all
money received on account of such
leases in excess of actual expenses necessarily incurred in connection
with the execution thereof shall be
placed to the credit of the public
school fund of said territory and shall
not be used for any other than public
purposes."
The idea did not seem obnoxious to
the majority of citizens who expressed
themselves upon the measure, the
main opposition appearing to be
grounded upon the power given by the
bill to the governor, pending the coming session of the legislature.
To the fact that the possession of
about forty sections, or 25,600 acres of
the best agricultural land in this valley is involved may be traced the keen
interest of local farmers and business
men in the bill. Many of the school
sections are highly improved and several, especially one adjoining the
townsite of Tempe and that just southeast of Phoenix are of exceptional value and of high productiveness. Naturally the farmers who have here enjoyed the use of the land for these
many years and who have been serene
with the understanding that they were
safe till statehood should come are
now perturbed and yesterday were
busy among those who sought the
overthrow of the land lease measure.
Early in the day the following petition was circulated and was signed
by hundreds of citizens:
"To the Members of the United States
Senate:
"We, the undersigned, hereby enter
our protest against the passage of the
school land bill over the president's
veto. In addition to the reasons assigned by the president of the United
States, we assign the following:
"First, it is not true, as stated by
our delegate in congress, Nathan O.
Murphy, that the citizens of this territory are favorable to this bill outside
of those occupying school lands.
"Second, that a large portion of the
school lands proposed to be leased by
this bill, lying in the northern part of
our territory, is covered by pine timber and if the school land of that section is leased and the timber removed
therefrom, the land is entirely worthless; and rich lumber companies now
existing are anxious and willing to
lease this land, and are situated in
such a way that they can remove all
of the timber from that land before our
next legislature convenes.
"Third, this bill authorizes the governor, secretary and superintendent of
public instruction to lease these lands
until the next legislature convenes.
The superintendent of public instruction is appointed by the governor and
is under his control, which virtually
makes the governor, under this bill,
the one man who disposes of the leases
of this valuable timber land, with no
restrictions.
"We therefore ask that, while we favor a proper bill for the leasing of
these school lands, with proper restrictions, until we become a state, we ask
that your honorable body sustain the
president's veto to the bill as it now
stands."
This petition was telegraphed on to
Washington.
During the day Chairman Frazier of
the Republican League club of Phoenix

issued a call to club members to meet

at his offices at 4 in the afternoon to
formulate plans whereby the bill
might be defeated if possible.
The call brought a strong representation of Republicans, to whom Judge
Frazier read the following telegram
sent by him to Senator Teller at
Washington: "Delay vote if possible
on bill to lease school lands of Arizona.
The people of this territory are against
this bill as it now stands.
(Signed) "C. M. FRAZIER,
"Chairman Arizona Republican League
Club of Phoenix."
After brief discussion the matter
was referred to the executive committee of the club.
At the session of the executive committee held in the evening the following resolution was passed and ordered
telegraphed to Washington:
"Hon. H. M. Teller, senate chamber,
Washington, D. C. The Arizona Republican league of Phoenix by its executive committee at a meeting called
for the purpose of considering the bill
for the leasing of the school lands of
Arizona, do protest against the bill as
being inimical to the interests of Arizona and pray that it be not passed
over the president's veto. Petition in
support hereof to follow.
"By order of the executive committee. C. M. FRAZIER,
"President of the League Club.
"T. A. JOBS, Secretary"
MRS. STANFORD WINS.
Supreme Court Decides the Railroad
Case in Her Favor.
WASHINGTON, March 2. The supreme court today decided the Stanford
case in favor of Mrs. Stanford.
Justice Harlan delivered the opinion.
He held that the individual stockholders were not liable for the debts
of the Central Pacific company.
IN THE DISTRICT COURT.
A Short But Important
Yesterday.
Session Held
The district court yesterday morning
had a short, but rapid session, and
then adjourned till Wednesday.
In N. G. Young vs. Murphy, judgment was given for defendant.
Bonsall vs. Valley Bank; judgment
for defendant.
Carruthers vs. Peoria Canal Co.; submitted. Barbara C. Taylor vs. H. C. Mc
Donald et al; decision for plaintiff.
In L. W. Blinn Co. vs. Johnson et al,
Johnson et al vs. School District 13,
L. J. Court vs. Geo. H. Hine, Valentine Gant vs. J. V. Reddin, J. K. Small
vs. Jennie M. Crow et al, Ella Adams
vs. Jennie M. Crow et al, Annie Horan
vs. Jennie M. Crow et al, Gandolfo &
Sanguineitti vs. Baker & McKuen,
Giant Powder Company vs. Kemp, R.
H. Campbell vs. Farmers' and Merchants' Bank, Bonsall vs. Newman et
al, Nancy Wood vs. A. M. Tuttle, demurrers were presented and overruled.
Appeals were taken in nearly all these
cases. In Alice A. May vs. the Bankers'
Alliance Insurance Co., a motion for a
new trial was heard and submitted.
SHAKESPEARE IN PHOENIX.
Keene's Presentation of Richard III
Scores a Decided Success.
Last night for the first time there
came to Phoenix a worthy company to
present "the legitimate" in dramatic
art. It had been said that the city
would not take well to Shakespeare,
but well was this contradicted, for the
opera house was filled as it rarely has
been filled before. The bill was
"Richard III." Thomas Keene in the
title role. The presentation was superb. Mr. Keene played as only a
great actor can and his support quite
out of the ordinary, was strong.
Shakespeare was introduced under
most favorable circumstances and well
were his noble lines appreciated in
presentation. Tonight the bill will be
"Louis XI," in which the great tragedian will be seen at his best.
SCHLATTER'S PILGRIMAGE.
Is Now Reported to Be in the Sierra
Madres.
Deming Headlight: The thousands
of persons who feel an interest in
Francis Schlatter, the healer, need experience no anxiety because of the
sensational attempts of some of our
contemporaries to make it appear that
he may be lost in the storm among the
Mogollon mountains.
Mr. Schlatter crossed those mountains in safety and is now progressing
down the Gila river in Arizona. The
Mogollon mountains are in New Mexico close to the Arizona line. The
silent man is now more than 100 miles
beyond them and south of the San Carlos Indian reservation in one of the
least inhabited portions of the United
States.
REAL ESTATE TRANSFERS.
Reported by Coggins & Brown,
March 2, 1896:
Chas. Goldman and wife to Ada E.
Newton, lot 8, block 2, Calderwood addition, $100.
Truman Crombe and wife to S. H.
Wallace and A. M. Austin, lots 1 and
5, and 5, ne1, sec 1, tp 1 n, r 1 w,
$2,000.

SNOW IN SAN FRANCISCO
It Is the First in Nine
Years.
Storm Reported All Along the
Coast.
A Cold Wave Accompanies Rain and
Freezing Weather Is
General.
SAN FRANCISCO, March 2. With
the exception of a narrow strip of the
coast of southern California and southern portions of California and Arizona
the country is at freezing temperature
or below.
The storm is central off the coast of
southern Oregon and northern California and will cause rain or light snow
to fall along the entire Pacific slope
this afternoon, tonight and Tuesday.
The storm is southeast
Storm signals are ordered along the
entire California coast.
There was a fall of snow in this city
this morning for the first time in ten
years. The fall was quite heavy while
it continued, but the snow melted as
fast as it fell and at the end of ten
minutes to a cold rain. The last snow
occurred during the winter of 1887,
when the ground was covered to a
depth of several inches.
IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
A Needed Rainfall in the Orange
Grove District.
LOS ANGELES, March 2. It is
snowing along the foothills of the
Sierra Madre mountains from Altadena to Duarte. At Saugus a fall of
two inches is reported. This is unprecedented.
Rain began falling here at 8 o'clock
and has fallen steadily all day. Up to
now the fall was .28, making 5.32 for
the season. The temperature at noon
was 44 degrees.
ICE IN NEW YORK.
A Chilly Blockade on the New York
Central.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. Y., March 3.
A great ice gorge has been formed on
the New York Central railroad tracks
between Hudson and Albany.
The road is covered with ice in some
places ten feet high and the tracks
and telegraph poles for a distance of
700 feet have been washed out.
THE NOGALES GRANT,
Decision of the Court of Land Claims
Sustained.
WASHINGTON, March 2. Chief
Justice Fuller handed down a decision
in the supreme court today in the Nogales land grant case from southern
Arizona. He did not go into the general merits of the case, but affirmed
the decision of the court of private
land claims on the ground that the
court had no jurisdiction as the grant
had not been located at the time of the
Gadsden treaty.
Justice Brewer rendered a decision
in the case of Samuel Marks vs. the
United States and Bannock Indians,
involving a claim for Indian depredations. The decision involved the construction of the part of the statute of
1891 concerning depredations committed by Indians "in amity" with the
United States. The case was appealed
from the decision of the court of claims
which held the words, "in amity," to
mean a state of actual peace and when
no hostilities are in progress. The supreme court affirmed the decision of
the court below.
A STAY FOR DURRANT.
SAN FRANCISCO, March 2. Superior
Judge Murphy today granted
another stay of execution in the Dur
rant case until March 13.
THE B. & O. TROUBLE.
NEW YORK, March 2. Receivers
were appointed today for the Baltimore
& Ohio railroad.
LOS ANGELES CRUDE OIL.
It Has Largely Supplanted Coal for
Steam Producing.
San Francisco Chronicle: The contract to supply locomotives with crude
oil fuel which the Los Angeles Oil exchange has made with an Arizona railroad is the second deal of the kind
trr!nj, 1. n .-'1 J J.1 J, I .
worn just as soon as the discovery of
petroleum wells in the southern metropolis. For months past the Santa,
Fe lines in California have used crude
oil in their locomotive furnaces and
the results have been to save 25 percent of the former cost of coal.
Indeed, the use of oil in the production of motive power has so generally
increased in the south that the visits
of coal-laden vessels there, which
lately cut a great figure in the business
of San Diego and San Pedro, have become few and far between. It is not
usual to see one such ship now where
there were formerly five.