2

Daily Citizen.
Tucson, Friday, March 1, 1901.
By The Citizen Printing and Publishing Co.
MEMBER THE ASSOCIATED PRESS.
DAILY—One year in advance - - - $10
DAILY—Delivered by Carrier, per month - 25c
WEEKLY—One year in advance - - - $1.50
WEEKLY—Six months in advance - - $0.75
Entered According to Act of Congress at Second-class Matter at the Postoffice at Tucson.
NOTICE.—This paper will not be responsible for any bills unless contracted for and signed by the manager.
Citizen Printing & Publishing Co.
E. W. Norris, Mgr.

NOT THE
INJURED PARTY.

Col. Roosevelt finds it a little difficult to give up the habit of killing things. In Colorado he was engaged in killing lions. He is now busily exterminating lies. The slaughter began at Colorado Springs, where he accused the authors of the “sensational stories” about his mighty deeds of being forty odd miles from the scene. At Omaha he “strongly emphasized his disapproval” of these essays in fiction. When somebody suggested that the correspondents were only having a little fun, Col. Roosevelt replied with emphasis: “A lie is a lie, whether given out as a joke or otherwise.” Later reports will doubtless show that the colonel continues his career as a lie-slayer. At Sandusky or Altoona, as the case may be, he will soon be rebuking with emphatic sternness the gentlemen who have been drawing the long bow in his behalf. At New York he will again unravel these tangled yarns. At Oyster Bay he will fairly wallow in the truth. And all these things will be done strenuously.

Nevertheless, one cannot help feeling, as he reads about these carnivals of emphasis, that “a shade of unconcern, the perfect manner of the eighteenth century,” would be more appropriate and more effective. Col. Roosevelt perhaps exaggerates the importance of these stories, which grown persons did not take very seriously. Hostile critics will infer from his attitude that he exaggerates the importance of the stories because he doesn’t underestimate the importance of their hero. An inference to be deplored. He might take a leaf from the book of Mr. William C. Whitney, who remarked not long ago, when asked if the report were true that he was going to marry Miss Lillian Russell with whom he is so unfortunate as to be unacquainted, that “the report was a pleasant instance of the liberty of the press.” That was more impressive than whole chunks of emphasis.

Besides, there is a good deal to be said for the correspondents whose many inventions have annoyed Col. Roosevelt. Their stories were not, it must be admitted, literally true, yet they did no substantial injustice to the colonel. Who can doubt, if the bears, wolves, and lions of Colorado had behaved in fact as they were made to behave in fiction, that he would have played the noble parts assigned to him? Every act and word attributed to him was, in the circumstances supposed, highly and flatteringly characteristic. The only real injustice was to the Colorado wild beasts, which have a right to be annoyed at the performances ascribed to them and to whose denials, emphatic like Col. Roosevelt’s or ironical like Mr. Whitney’s, the volumes of the newspapers ought to be open.

Mark Twain declared that when a man makes an appeal for charity it is a great mistake to get everybody ready to give money and then not pass the hat. “Some years ago in Hartford,” he said the other day, “we all went to church on a hot, sweltering night, to hear the annual report of Mr. Hawley, a city missionary, who went around finding the people who needed help and didn’t want to ask for it. He told of the life in the cellar, where poverty resided; he gave the instances of the heroism and devotion of the poor. The poor are always good to each other. When a man with millions gives we make a great deal of noise. It’s noise in the wrong place. For it’s the widow’s mite that counts. Well, Hawley worked me up to a great state. I couldn’t wait for him to get through. I had $400 in my pocket. I wanted to give that and borrow more to give. You could see greenbacks in every eye. But he didn’t pass the plate, and it grew hotter and we sleepier. My enthusiasm went down, down, down—slow at a time, till finally, when the plate came around I stole 10 cents out of it. So you see a neglect like this may lead to crime.

Strikes a Rich Find.
“I was troubled for several years with chronic indigestion and nervous debility,” writes F. J. Green of Lancaster, N. H. “No remedy helped me until I began using Electric Bitters, which did me more good than all the medicines I ever used. They have also kept my wife in excellent health for years. He says Electric Bitters are just splendid for female troubles; that they are a grand tonic and invigorator for weak, run-down women. No other medicine can take its place in our family.” Try them. Only 60c. Satisfaction guaranteed by L. Zeckendorf & Co.’s wholesale and Geo. Martin’s, retail.

EFFECTIVE AT ONCE—The Illinois Central railroad will put in a new fast schedule on their Omaha and Chicago line, whereby train No. 2 will be cut down one hour. It will leave Omaha at 7:45 p.m. daily via Fort Dodge, Waterloo, Dubuque, Freeport and Keokuk, arriving in Chicago at 9:30 a.m. next day. Train No. 4 will be made a daylight train leaving Omaha at 7 a.m. via the same route as above, reaching Chicago at 9:45 p.m. same day. These two trains also carry through equipment between Omaha and St. Paul via Fort Dodge and Albert Lea, reaching Minneapolis at 7:25 a.m. and 6:55 p.m. respectively. The equipment of these trains includes the latest pattern wide vestibule Pullman sleeping car, buffet library smoking car, free red plush chair car and dining car.

FOR RENT—One nicely furnished front bedroom and parlor location. Only healthy people need apply. Address The Citizen.

SUPERSTITION
Has been responsible for much of human mortality. Men and women die by thousands in an Indian famine, not so much because of lack of food but because caste superstition prevents them from accepting it. Even in America there are still to be found those who believe that healing herbs lack virtue unless gathered during certain phases of the moon.

The great foe of superstition is science. Every year science increases the territory of the natural at the expense of the supernatural.

Doctor Pierce’s Golden Medical Discovery achieves its successful cures because it is a scientific preparation originated by a scientific man. It cures diseases of the stomach and other organs of digestion and nutrition, purifies the blood and establishes the body in sound health. As the writer of the following letter says, “It is the best thing for nervousness and for a weak run-down condition that anybody would want. It gives a person new life and new blood.”

“I must again send a few lines to you to let you know how I am getting along since taking the wonderful medicine which cured me two years ago,” writes Miss Bertha Ebeler, of 1416 Benton Street, St. Louis, Mo. “I am continuing in very good health and think there is not a better medicine on earth than Dr. Pierce’s Golden Medical Discovery. It is the best thing for nervousness and for a weak, run-down condition, that anybody would want. It gives a person new life and new blood. I can now work all day long without feeling the least bit tired. I was very nervous and weak last summer. I took five bottles of Dr. Pierce’s Golden Medical Discovery and it just made me feel like a new person.”

Dr. Pierce’s Pleasant Pellets stimulate the liver.

Articles of Incorporation of Beaumont and Los Angeles Oil and Development Company.

Know all men by these presents: That we, the undersigned, J. B. Treadwell, C. L. Hanson, L. J. Barber, J. J. Lockwood and C. A. Benway, have this day associated ourselves together for the purpose of forming a corporation under the laws of the territory of Arizona, and we do hereby certify:

I. That the name of this corporation shall be Beaumont and Los Angeles Oil and Development Company.

II. That the purpose and general nature of the business to be transacted for which said corporation is formed, are:

To buy and otherwise acquire, to hold and own, manage, operate, improve and develop lands, mining claims, mineral rights, oil wells, and other real estate, and interests and rights in any of said properties.

To engage in and carry on the business of boring, drilling, quarrying, tunneling and exploring for, producing, refining, distilling, treating, manufacturing, piping, carrying, handling, storing, dealing in, buying and selling oil, petroleum, natural gas, asphaltum, bitumen, bituminous rock, and other mineral and hydrocarbon substances, and products of all such substances, gold, silver, copper, quicksilver, gypsum, stone and any and all other metals, minerals and products; and for such other purposes to buy and otherwise acquire, hold, own, manage, and operate refineries, pipe lines, tanks, manufactories, machinery, wharves, tank cars, and steam and sailing vessels for water transportation, and other works, property and appliances that may be incident or auxiliary to said business or that may be deemed necessary or convenient by the board of directors.

Also to take and acquire by purchase, exchange or other lawful means to hold, own, sell and otherwise dispose of the capital stock and bonds of other corporations.

To buy, own, hold, sell, encumber, convey, work, operate, and deal in mines and mining lands and claims and the products of mines and water rights and systems and any and all kinds for any and all purposes; to buy, own, hold, sell, encumber, convey and deal in stocks, bonds, real estate and personal property.

To borrow and loan money upon security and otherwise for the purposes of the corporation; to issue evidences of indebtedness payable in money or property; to construct, own, and operate pipe lines and other means of transportation, mining, manufacturing and other plants, and other buildings, works and improvements; to act as agent, broker, contractor or trustee in respect to the foregoing purposes.

Also to establish and carry on agencies, offices, storage, storage tanks and houses, and to sell articles and products manufactured by itself or other persons or corporations, in California, Arizona, Texas, and other states and territories of the United States of America and in foreign countries.

That the principal place of business of said corporation shall be Tucson, Pima county, Territory of Arizona, and the places outside of said territory where it may keep branch offices and transact its business and conduct its affairs thereat shall be at Los Angeles, in the state of California, and at Beaumont, Texas.

IV. That the time of the commencement of said corporation is the 6th day of February, 1901, and the time of its termination is the 6th day of February, 1946.

V. That the amount of the capital stock authorized is two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) and the number of shares into which it is divided is two hundred and fifty thousand (250,000) shares of the par value of one dollar ($1) each.

VI. That the affairs of said corporation shall be conducted by a board of five directors who shall be elected on the second Tuesday of June of each year.

That the highest amount of indebtedness or liability to which said corporation shall at any time subject itself, is one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000).

VIII. That the private property of all stockholders in said corporation shall be exempt from all debts of said corporation.

IX. That the following persons shall constitute the board of directors of said corporation and serve for the period of one year or until their successors are duly elected and qualified, to wit: J. B. Treadwell, C. L. Hanson, L. J. Barber, J. J. Lockwood and C. A. Benway.

In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our hands and seals this sixth day of February, 1901.

J. B. Treadwell, Seal.
C. L. Hanson, Seal.
L. J. Barber, Seal.
J. J. Lockwood, Seal.
C. A. Benway, Seal.

Ten-cent revenue stamp cancelled.
State of California.
County of Los Angeles.
On this sixth day of February, in the year of our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and one, before me, Calvert Wilson, a notary public in and for said county of Los Angeles, state of California, residing therein, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared J. B. Treadwell, C. L. Hanson, L. J. Barber, J. J. Lockwood and C. A. Benway, known to me to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and year in this certificate first above written.

(Seal) CALVERT WILSON,
Notary public in and for said County of Los Angeles, State of California.
Commission expires July 25, 1901.

Ten-cent revenue stamp cancelled.
1st pub. Feb. 28th; last pub. March 6th, 1901.

Drying preparations simply develop dry catarrh; they dry up the secretions, which adhere to the membrane and decompose, causing a far more serious trouble than the ordinary form of catarrh. Avoid all drying inhalants, flames, smokes and snuffs and use that which cleanses, soothes and heals. Ely’s Cream Balm is such a remedy and will cure catarrh or cold in the head easily and pleasantly. A trial size will be mailed for 10 cents. All druggists sell the 60c. size. Ely Brothers, 41 Warren St., N. Y. The Balm cures without pain, does not irritate or cause sneezing. It spreads itself over an irritated and angry surface, relieving immediately the painful inflammation. With Ely’s Cream Balm you are armed against Nasal Catarrh and Hay Fever.

STEVENS—The express and trunk man. Office at the People’s Store. Telephone 921. All orders promptly attended to. Storage room for furniture, boxes and trunks.

ARIZONA DAILY CITIZEN! TUCSON, FRIDAY EVENING, MARCH 1, 1901.

THE
DAILY
CITIZEN
is a representative
Republican
paper,
devoted to the
Interests of
Pima County
and the
Territory of Arizona.
We also do
fine
Commercial
Printing
and want
Six Cents
for Orders per month
the next time
YOU
need anything
In this line
Ring up
Phone No. 921

BRIEFS FROM
Doctors find
A Good
Prescription
for mankind.

Nihil Was Her Tenor.
“I would cough nearly all night long,” writes Mrs. Chas. Applegate, of Alexandria, Ind., “and could hardly get any sleep. I had consumption so bad that if I walked a block I would cough frightfully and spit blood, but, when all other medicines failed, three $1 bottles of Dr. King’s New Discovery wholly cured me and I gained 58 pounds.” It’s absolutely guaranteed to cure Coughs, Colds, La Grippe, Bronchitis and all Throat and Lung Troubles. Price 50c and $1 trial bottles free at L. Zeckendorf & Co., wholesale and Geo. Martin’s, retail.

RESCUER GIVEN JUDGMENT.
David Highly, at Indiana, to Pay $1,000 to a Man Who Saved His Wife.

A singular damage suit was closed in the Howard circuit court at Windfall, Ind., the other day by the jury returning a verdict for the plaintiff in the sum of $1,000. Some time during the high waters last spring David Highly and wife were driving over the bridge across Pike creek after night when the structure gave way, precipitating the horse and buggy and Highly and his wife in the middle of the stream. Highly by some means managed to reach the shore, but his wife was carried down stream several rods, where she luckily caught the limb of a tree that extended above the water, and cried for help. The husband ran frantically up and down the bank calling for help. Hetherford and a man by the name of Miller, residing near, heard the cry of distress and rushed to the scene to learn the nature of the trouble. When they arrived Highly was offering $1,000 to anyone who would take the risk and rescue his wife. Hetherford and Miller braved the waters, and by wading and swimming reached Mrs. Highly as she still held on to the limb and brought her to the shore. Some time afterward Hetherford called on Highly for the reward as offered, but he declined to pay, saying he was excited at the time of the accident and did not really mean to offer the $1,000 reward, hence the suit, with the result of a judgment for the plaintiff for the full amount of the claim.

TO ADVERTISERS—The circulation of the Citizen is increasing very fast, thus making this paper one of the best advertising mediums in the southwest. Live agents have been placed in the field and the paper will be placed in every town and mining camp in the southwest.

WOODLAWN MAPLE SYRUP, imported direct from the maple groves of Canada. Every can is sold with a guarantee. Money refunded if it does not give satisfaction. Sold by all the Tucson grocers. Long Syrup Refining Co., San Francisco.

Notice for Publication.
Homestead Entry No. 2185, Department of the Interior, Land Office at Tucson, Arizona, Feb. 26, 1901.
Notice is hereby given that the following named settler has filed notice of his intention to make final proof in support of his claim, and that said proof will be made before the register and receiver at Tucson, Arizona, on Wednesday, March 27, 1901, viz: James L. Harris of Tucson, Arizona, for the S. W. ¼, S. R. 16, T. 13 S., R. 13 E., G. & S. R. and N. N.W. ¼ Sec. 32, T. 13 S., R. 13 E., G. & S. R. He names the following witnesses to prove his continuous residence upon and cultivation of said land, viz: Frank M. Allison, Warren Allison, Antonio V. Grosette and Grant Witter, all of Tucson, Arizona.

Milton R. Mooers,
Register.
First pub. Feb. 18, last March 3, 1901.

Notice of Sale of Real Estate.
In the probate court of the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona.
In the matter of the estate and guardianship of William S. Howland, a minor.
Notice is hereby given that pursuant to an order of the probate court of the county of Pima, Territory of Arizona, made on the 18th day of February, 1901, in the matter of the estate and guardianship of William S. Howland, a minor, the undersigned, the guardian of the estate of said minor, will sell at public auction to the highest bidder for cash in hand, subject to confirmation by said probate court, on Thursday the 14th day of March, 1901, at ten o’clock a.m. at the front door of the court house in the city of Tucson, Pima county, Arizona, all the right, title, interest and estate of said minor in and to those certain lots, parts or parcels of land situate, lying and being in the said City of Tucson, Pima County, Territory of Arizona, and more particularly described as follows, to wit:

An undivided one-third interest in lots 2, 3, and 6, in Block No. 78, in said City of Tucson, and known as subdivision No. 78, as per map made by George J. Rockruge, E.

Terms and conditions of sale: Cash, one-half of the purchase money to be paid by the purchaser on the day of sale, balance on confirmation of sale by said probate court. Deed to be executed by purchaser.

W. W. WILLIAMS,
Guardian of the estate of the above named minor.
Dated Tucson, Arizona, February 18, 1901.
First pub. Feb. 16, last Mar. 18.

Notice for Publication.
Homestead Entry No. 3385.
Department of the Interior, Land Office at Tucson, Arizona, Jan. 28, 1901.
Notice is hereby given that the following named settler has filed notice of his intention to make final proof in support of his claim and that said proof will be made before the register and receiver at Tucson, Arizona, on Thursday, March 2, 1901, viz: Rafael Castro, of Tucson, Arizona, for the Sec. 28, T. 13 S., R. 13 E., G. & S. R. He names the following witnesses to prove his continuous residence upon and cultivation of said land, viz: Edward N. Fish, John Ward, John Bouiehet, and Frank X. Baladtn, all of Tucson, Arizona.

Milton R. Mooers,
Register.
First pub. Jan. 29, 1901, last Mar. 1st, 1901.

Desert Land, Final Proof Notice for Publication.
United States Land Office, Tucson, Arizona, Feb. 15, 1901.
Notice is hereby given that Julia A. Knapp, of Tucson, Arizona, has filed notice of intention to make proof on her desert land claim No. 285, for the S. ½ N. W. ¼ Sec. 34, T. 13 S., R. 13 E., G. & S. R., before the register and receiver at Tucson, Arizona, on Friday, the 12th day of April, 1901. He names the following witnesses to prove the complete irrigation and reclamation of said land: Edmond F. Wetmore, Benjamin Kennedy, Harvey M. Meleke, and Ferdinand O. Benedict, all of Tucson, Arizona.

Milton R. Mooers,
Register.
First pub. Feb. 16, last March 23, 1901.

LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
Articles of Incorporation of the Grande Chico Oil Company.
Know all men by these presents:

That we, the undersigned, all of whom are citizens and residents of the State of California, United States of America, under and by virtue of the provisions of the laws of the Territory of Arizona, do hereby certify, agree and declare, each for himself, and not one for the other, that we have this day voluntarily associated ourselves together for the purpose of forming a corporation; and that we will, and by these presents do, form ourselves into a body politic and corporate under and by virtue of the laws of the Territory of Arizona; and we do further certify and declare:

First: That the name of the said corporation shall be and is the “Grande Chico Oil Company” and that the names of the incorporators are C. W. Adams, W. H. Rhodes, C. W. Putnam, K. A. Kusel, Jr., K. T. Reynolds and W. T. Heffernan, and its principal place of business shall be Tucson, Pima County, Arizona and Chico, California.

Second: That the purposes for which said corporation is formed are to hold, own and lease real and personal property, and to acquire the same by location, purchase, lease or otherwise, to prospect for, by such means as may be deemed proper and most expedient, oil, oil products, bitumen, bituminous rock, natural gas, gold, silver, copper, coal and other precious metals, and for that purpose, to locate, own, hold, acquire, lease or construct flumes, ditches and pipe lines, for carrying and conveying oil, water and gas, and also to locate, own, purchase or lease, water, water rights, claims and privileges. To erect, hold, own and maintain tanks, tank houses and storage plants for oil, gas, and other products. To construct, maintain, own, lease and operate electric power plants, high and low tension transmission lines and to sell, lease and dispose of electric current, to erect pole lines, tramways, roads, bridges, flumes, aqueducts; to deal in all of said commodities and business, and to sell, hypothecate, buy and pledge the same, and generally to do all and every needful or convenient thing or act that may be connected in or about said business of producing, buying and selling oil, coal, bitumen, bituminous rock, precious metals of all kinds, water, water ditches, flumes, pipes and power, telephone lines and instruments, telegraph lines and instruments and everything that may pertain to said business.

To borrow and lend money, to give and take all classes of security therefor: To issue bonds and to provide for the payment of the same with interest, and to secure the payment of the same mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument or instruments.

Third: That the amount of the capital stock of said corporation is five hundred thousand ($500,000) dollars, and the number of shares is five hundred thousand (500,000) of the par value of one dollar each.

That said capital stock is to be paid in by the subscribers in ten monthly payments of ten percent each, commencing with the date of subscription.

Fourth: That said corporation commenced from the date of filing these articles with the county recorder of Pima County, Arizona, and is to expire, unless extended, twenty-five years from said date.

Fifth: The affairs of the corporation are to be conducted by a board of directors, consisting of six persons. The officers of the corporation shall be a president, vice-president, secretary and treasurer. The board of directors shall be elected annually, on the first Monday in February in each year, and the officers are to be chosen by the board of directors from their own number.

The directors who will serve the first Monday in February 1901 are C. W. Adams, W. H. Rhodes, C. W. Putnam, K. A. Kusel, Jr., K. T. Reynolds and W. T. Heffernan.

Sixth: The greatest amount of indebtedness or liability to which the corporation may at any time subject itself, shall not exceed ten (10) percent of its subscribed capital stock.

Seventh: The private property of the incorporators, or stockholders shall not be liable for the debts of the corporation.

In witness whereof we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 5th day of February A. D., 1901.

CHARLES W. ADAMS, Seal
WM. H. RHODES, Seal
C. W. PUTNAM, Seal
K. A. KUSEL, JR., Seal
K. T. REYNOLDS, Seal
W. T. HEFFERNAN, Seal

State of California.
City and County of San Francisco.
On this twentieth day of February A. D. One Thousand Nine Hundred and One, before me, O. A. Rogers, a Notary Public in and for said City and County, residing therein, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared Wm. H. Rhodes, known to me to be the person described in, whose name is subscribed to and who executed the annexed instrument, and he acknowledged to me that he executed the same.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal, at my office in the City and County of San Francisco, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

O. A. ROGERS,
Notary Public in and for the City and County of San Francisco, State of California.

State of California.
County of Sacramento.
On this 19th day of February in the year one thousand nine hundred and one, before me, Geo. C. Bassett, a Notary Public in and for the County of Sacramento, personally appeared Charles W. Adams, known to me to be the same person whose name is subscribed to the within instrument, and he duly acknowledged to me that he executed the same.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal, in the County of Sacramento, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

Geo. C. BASSETT,
Notary Public in and for the County of Sacramento, State of California.

State of California.
County of Butte.
On this 14th day of February in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and one, before me, H. C. Hitt, a Notary Public in and for the County of Butte, State of California, residing therein, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared K. A. Kusel, Jr., and K. T. Reynolds, known to me to be the persons described in and whose names are subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged to me that they executed the same.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal, at my office in the county of Butte, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

H. C. HITT,
Notary Public in and for the County of Butte, State of California.

1st pub. Feb. 25, 1901, last pub. March 11, 1901.

Notice of Sale of Real Estate Under Decree and Order of District Court.
By virtue of a decree and order of sale issued out of the district court of the first judicial district of the territory of Arizona, in and for the county of Pima, duly attested by the clerk of said court, under the seal of said court, on the 7th day of February, 1901, and to me delivered on the day last aforesaid, in a certain action lately pending in said court, wherein on the 8th day of February, 1901, John W. Knox, plaintiff, recovered judgment against Frank J. Landon and Emma Landon, defendants therein, for the sum of three hundred and forty-two and 88/100 ($342.88) dollars, and costs. And wherein and whereby it was adjudged and decreed by said court that the real estate set forth by said plaintiff in his complaint as the property of said defendants be foreclosed, and it was further ordered, adjudged and decreed therein by said court that all of said property and premises be seized and sold by the sheriff of said Pima county, as under execution in satisfaction of said judgment. I have levied upon all of the property described in said decree and order of sale, to wit: All that certain lot, place or parcel of land situated, lying and being in the city of Tucson, county of Pima and Territory of Arizona, and bounded and described as follows: Commencing at a point 188 feet northerly of the southeast corner of block 87, on the east line of said block, and running thence westerly at right angles 92 feet; thence northerly at right angles 96 feet; thence easterly at right angles 92 feet; thence southerly at right angles 96 feet to the place of beginning, and being part of lots 5 and 8 in said block 87, according to the official survey and map of the city of Tucson, made by S. W. Foreman and approved by the mayor and common council of the (village) now city of Tucson, June 22, 1872.

And notice is hereby given that on Saturday, the ninth day of March, 1901, at 11 o’clock in the forenoon, I will sell to public auction for cash in lawful money of the United States, to the highest and best bidder, at the court house door of Pima county, in the city of Tucson, all of the right, title and interest of the said Frank J. Landon and Emma Landon have, and which they and each of them had in and to the above described property on the 21st day of February 1899, and have had since said last named day, to satisfy said judgment, suit costs, and accruing costs.

FRANK K. MURPHY,
Sheriff of Pima county.
K. DRACHMAN,
Under Sheriff.
Tucson, Arizona, February 9th, 1901.
First pub. Feb. 11, 1901, last pub. March 11, 1901.

Obsc Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.
Feb. 25, 1901. Sealed proposals in triplicate will be received here until 11 a.m. March 27, 1901, for transportation of military supplies, in solos Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8, and for drayage at Denver, Colo., during the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1901. U. S. reserves the right to accept or reject any or all proposals. Information furnished on application. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked: “Proposals for Transportation on Route No.—,” addressed J. W. Pope, Chief Q. M.

DEAFNESS CURED.
“In no way. C. H. Orwan, Milwaukee, Wis.”

Southern Pacific Co.
Sunset
Route
This is the most popular route—Runs a daily train from all points North, East, West, causing close connections at New Orleans for St. Louis, Chicago, Cincinnati, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, New York and all principal points.

Elegant Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars on all trains through to New Orleans. Passengers taking this route will have only one change of cars at New Orleans in daylight, for all points North and East, avoid the tedious lay-overs at El Paso and Texas and saving over four to ten hours in time.

See that your ticket reads via the Southern Pacific Company and New Orleans. For further information, time-tables and through Pullman reservations, call on or address,
C. M. Burkhalter, T. E. Hunt, F. S. B. Morse
Agent, Tucson, Com’l Agent, Gen. P. A. Agent,
Arizona. El Paso, Texas. New Orleans, La.
M. O. Rocknell, Traveling Passenger Agent, El Paso.

IMPORTANT GATEWAYS
THROUGH FAST BROAD GAUGE
AND PASSING-BY GREAT
The direct through line from Arizona and New Mexico to all points in the north, east and southeast. Low altitude. Perfect passenger service. Through care. No lay-overs. Latest pattern, Pullman Buffet Sleepers, Handsome New Chair Cars. Seats Free. Speed, safety, comfort combined. For particulars address
B. F. DARBYSHIRE, S. W. F. & P. A. R. W. CURTIS, T. F. & P. A.
El Paso, Texas. El Paso, Texas.
E. P. TURNER, G. P. & T. A., Dallas, Texas.
“NOT REQUIRED TO ANSWER OBJECTIONS”

OTHER MAN OF THE HOUR
A Magnificent Portrait of
President McKinley
Reproduced in Tea Crayons from
a Large Photogravure, for which
the President specially sat,
at the request of the Publishers,
(Size 14 x 21 inches)
will be published by us shortly. It is now being printed for us on heavy plate paper, in a form suitable for framing, by one of the largest art lithograph houses in America, in the famous French style of color-plate work. Every American family will want one of these handsome pictures of the President. It must be remembered that this picture will be in no sense a cheap chromo, but will be an example of the very highest style of illuminated printing. It will be an ornament to any library or drawing-room. Our readers can have the McKinley portrait at what it costs us (namely, ten cents per copy) by merely filling out the coupon below, and sending it to this office at once. There will be such a demand for the portrait when it is published that we advise sending orders in advance. As many copies as may be desired can be had on one coupon, providing ten cents is sent for each copy. Write name and address plainly, and remit in coin or stamps.

To THE ARIZONA DAILY CITIZEN,
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
For the enclosed remittance of cents send me copies of President McKinley’s Portrait in colors, as described in today’s paper.
Address

The Consolidated National Bank,
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
Capital $60,000 Surplus and Profits $15,000
DEPOSITS HELD TO THE AMOUNT OF $1,000,000.
OFFICERS:
M. P. FREEMAN, President. W. C. DAVIS, Vice President.
H. B. TENNEY, Cashier. E. W. GRAVES, Asst. Cashier.

The Arizona National Bank
OF TUCSON,
B. M. Jacobs, President.
Capital $100,000.00 Surplus $8,000.00 L. M. Jacob, Vice-President
J. M. Ormsby, Cashier.
A General Banking Business Transacted.

Dear at Any Price
Is the unsatisfactory conclusion you will come to when rising poor wines, whiskies, gins, brandies or liquors of any kind. Secure the best quality of these goods when you buy at Rossi’s and you will find our prices for high grade liquors and cigars no higher than you will pay for inferior grades elsewhere.

A. ROSSI,
Columbus Saloon
Cor. Stone Av. and Congress St.