THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 23, 1915

PAGE SEVEN

THE MINES

This department is under the di
rection of Mr. W. E. Defty, the
well known mining engineer, who
will carefully scrutinize all mat
ters relating to mining in order
that only reliable information re
garding legitimate enterprises
shall find a place here.
The Republican would be pleas
ed to receive information from
any part of the state regarding
the development of the mining in
dustry. All communications should
be addressed: Mining Department
Arizona Republican.

MINE AND SMELTER OF UNITED
VERDE COPPER COMPANY
(By C. A. Tupper)
Completion of the new reduction
works at Clarkdale, to treat the ores
of the Jerome district, calls attention
to a property now recognized as
among the best managed and most
self contained of any in the world
that of the United Verde Copper Co.,
controlled by Senator W. A. Clark.
This article is devoted principally
to a description of the new smelting
plant, which embodies the most mod
ern features of design; but, in order
to show its relation to the mine and
convey an idea of the scope of the
complete operations, a brief sum
mary will be given of the conditions
under which the ore is produced.
The methods of mining, evolved
during the active period of develop
ment by General Manager Chas. W.
Clark and Superintendent Robert E.
Tally, are naturally divided into three
principal parts, viz: recovery of the
oxidized ores underlying the gossan
outcrop, of the sulphides forming
the main deposits and of the ores
lying within the fire zone. The sys
tem best adapted to each has been
worked out gradually, at a minimum
of expense compared with the results
accomplished, and upon a thoroughly
‘common-sense’ basis which reflects
great credit on the management.
The ore bodies of the United Verde
mines are in the form of lenticular
lenses and occur in a large shear
zone of schist and porphyry. The
country rock is diorite and the schist
is an alteration of this rock. The
porphyry is silicious and is an intru
sive in the schist. The ores are
mostly chalcopyrite, except on the
upper levels where considerable
amounts of chalcocite, black oxide
and other secondary minerals occur.
There are three principal classifi
cations of copper ore, according to
the gangue rock. The first and most
important is termed iron ore and
assays from 32 to 40 iron, 35 to
45 sulphur and from 4 to 10
silica. The copper content varies
from a low to high grade ore. There
are immense lenses of low-grade iron
pyrite enriched along the lines of
contact of the schist and porphyry
and along intrusions (locally termed
"water courses") to commercial ore.
These ore bodies extend to within 150
feet of the surface, over which oxide
ores occur carrying good values in
gold and silver and small values in
copper. The second class of ores con
sists of chalcopyrite in a schist
gangue and these ore bodies extend
almost to the surface with but little
alteration or enrichment. The third
class of ores are in a quartz and
quartz porphyry gangue and extend
to the surface as an iron-stained
quartz cropping. Portions of this
latter class of ore are so silicious
that it is used for converter flux.
Parts of the oxide ores overlying the
pyrites are also sufficiently silicious
for use as converter flux. A large
portion of the old iron sulphide ore
bodies are in a fire district and are
bulkheaded off from the remainder of
the mine, except such portions of the
fire area as is now being worked, as
described below.
The oxidized ores of the outcrop,
which carry high values in gold and
silver, extend to the 160-ft. level.
These are now being mined in an
open cut at the top and "milled"
down to the 80-ft. level, where small
cars drawn by Jeffrey 4-ton electric
locomotives take them to a loading
station at No. 4 shaft. There are 2-
deck cages are served by a 20x48 in.
Allis hoist, with flat rope and reel,
which is capable of raising the maxi
mum load from a depth of 1,000 feet.
It is also used for the ores recovered
in the fire zone. The shaft has two
compartments.
The fire zone which represents
the older part of the sulphide work
ings and some of the slopes of the
oxidized ore area all lying above the
700-ft. level was started by a fire
which broke out nearly 13 years ago
and has smoldered ever since. The
ore, being high in sulphur, burns
easily. It is, however, merely self
roasted. No copper values are de
stroyed and air introduced under
pressure not only serves to ventilate
the drifts, but also to blow back the
fumes and permit mining in the
stopes. Workings not active are
bulkheaded off with cement fire walls
but have some outlet to the exterior
of the mine, and a quantity of air
sufficient to prevent dangerous ac
cumulation of gases is forced in.
Doors and curtains are also used in
the open drifts and at stope ent
rances and outlets to make the con
trol of the air draft effective. Each
stope or any section of it can thus be
segregated and handled as a unit.
The fire zone, as a whole, is also
wrought as a separate unit of the
mine and operations are carried on
continuously in three shifts. Owing
to the precautions taken by the man
agement and the skill with which the
air for ventilation is controlled, con
ditions for the miners are nearly as
comfortable as in the other workings
and practically no more hazardous.
The overhand, square set system is
used, but will be changed over before
long, or as soon as the old smelter
overlying these ore bodies is re
moved, to the method, mentioned be
low, which prevails in the newer
part of the mine. Compensation al
lowed the miners is on the straight
8-hour day basis, no contract work
being done in the fire zone.
New fires occasionally break out
but are not troublesome unless they
get into the heavily-timbered section.
Chemical extinguishers are freely
provided, and there is a regular fire
fighting force, while the miners are
instructed in emergency measures,
rescue work, etc. Bell signals, flash
signals and warnings by trammers
also provide for getting the miners
away from danger points quickly.
"Safety first" and then fire extin
guishment is the rule rigidly fol
lowed. In order to facilitate future opera
tions in the fire zone a lateral drift
has been opened up, on one side,
through the country rock, which
crosscuts to the ore bodies and ven
tilating shafts raised to the surface.
It is planned, however, to strip the
waste overlying the fire district with
a steam shovel and work this dis
trict, as well as the entire upper
levels and down to a depth of sev
eral hundred feet, with a steam
shovel or with a combination of the
steam shovel and mill-hole system.
Oxidized ore from both the outcrop
and fire zones, after being hoisted at
No. 4 shaft, is dumped to wooden
bins and loaded into cars on a track
below, at one side. The bin gates are
lifted by air cylinders.
The principal operations of the
company, however, are in the newer
part of the mine, where levels have
been opened up down to 1,500 feet,
with a tunnel 6,600 feet long at the
1000-ft. level. The 300, 400 and
500-ft. levels also the 900, 1000 and
1200, are haulage levels, while the
1300 and 1500-ft. levels will be. The
total haulage equipment for all mine
operations includes nine 4-ton, four
6-ton and three 7-ton Jeffrey loco
motives. On the 500 and 1000-ft. levels, the
first two of which are also opened
by adits, there is forced ventilation
by means of Sirocco fans driven by
Westinghouse motors. Mining in the
upper levels of the new section has
been carried on for some time by top
slicing and filling; but in the lower
workings the shrinkage system is be
ing adopted, and at 1200 feet there is
an immense open stope known as the
Hampton, the largest in the state.
In cutting and filling, the ore
bodies are worked on an incline to
eliminate shoveling of the ore and
the handling of the waste in the
stope. All stoping is done with
mounted water hammer drills, slop
ing drills being used only in raising.

FAIRBANKS MORSE
Engines
Shieren Duxbak Belting
Pulleys, Shafting, Pumps,
Etc.
ARIZONA HARDWARE
SUPPLY CO.
Phone 1231
Third Ave. and Jackson, Phoenix.
"We have the stock."

The ground is hard to drill and
tight breaking.
Where there is not sufficient waste
for filling underground rock is sent
down from surface operations, and
the bottom of each stope is kept so
near the back that, outside of the
drifts, manways and ore chutes or
mills, there is very little need for
timbering. This contributes materi
ally to the economy of the operations
and is only one of the numerous evi
dences of close, careful management.
Outside of the surface and fire
zones, as above described, all of the
work in the mine is done by con
tract based on the usual footage
terms, for development, and for ore
on the quantity taken out in the
stopes, the price being made suffi
ciently high to cover all necessary
timbering, as well as filling and
tramming. For most purposes, in
blasting, 30 per cent 2½ (Hercules)
powder is used. The lamps carried
are mainly Justrite carbide. Drills
used include water Leyners, Jack
hammers and Sullivans. The air plant
at the surface comprises a 2-stage
Ingersoll-Rand compressor, 28 and 52
and 26 and 44½x48-in, and three
smaller units, including two Ingersoll-Rand
machines driven by 600-hp.
and 300-hp. General Electric motors,
and a Trent compressor belted to a
275-hp. Western Electric motor. As
an aid in keeping drills in condition
the company is using a Leyner
sharpener.
The three adits above mentioned
provide mine drainage down to and
including the 100-ft. level; but be
low that it needs to be forced up,
and on the 1500-ft. level a concrete
station has been constructed which is
equipped with an Aldrich quintiplex
pump, driven by a 75-hp. Westing
house motor, which has a capacity
considerably in excess of the flow.
All mine water passes over iron
scrap and the copper values in it,
running from about ½ to 1 ton per
day, are precipitated.
The main hoisting shaft, No. 3, is
served by a Wellman-Seaver-Morgan
first-motion hoist, consisting of a
pair of 20x48-in. Corliss engines with
double reels, having a capacity, for
1500 feet, of 16,500 lbs. on either reel,
including 5½-in. flat rope. It has
8-ft. clutches and 10½-ft. post
brakes. The rope passes over 8-ft.
sheaves. For the man and timber
hoist, of the same make, there are
two 16x30-in., first motion, slide
valve engines and a single reel.
At present all ore is being raised
on the surface in cars on 2-deck
cages; but with the completion of
the tunnel and underground bins, it
will be chuted or raised to the 900-ft.
level, and dumped to the loading bins
or pockets which extend between the
9th and 10th levels. For the time
being the hoisting plant will be left
at the surface and displaced later by
underground electric units conveni
ently located. Skips are also expect
ed to replace cars and cages in hoist
ing.
At the 50-ft. level, where the
miners enter, there is a modern
change house, with 800 Continental
chain hooks for the men's clothes,
and Hart & Hutchinson lockers for
the superintendents and shift bosses.
No. 3 shaft is now down 1500 feet.
A new shaft will be raised from the
1600 to the 900-level for the han
dling of the lower level ores. This
will be a 3-compartment shaft and
hoisting will be done in 6-ton skips.
The tunnel at 1000 feet, which is
now practically completed, opens on
the mountain side directly opposite
the new smelter built at Clarkdale.
It is approximately 6600 feet long,
12 feet bottom width and 9 feet high,
with a drainage way underneath. Ore
from the bin sections or chutes at
the side, which have a total capacity
of 48,000 tons, are taken out into
5-ton hopper-bottom, automatic, dump
cars, and hauled on standard gauge
tracks to loading bins and a sorting
belt at the tunnel mouth by means
of the Jeffrey electric locomotives
mentioned. There the loads are
transferred to 50-ton pressed steel
cars, of which there are 30 now in
service, and hauled by American Lo
comotive Co.'s steam locomotives, on
standard gauge 75-lb. tracks, to stor
age at the smelter, where the loads
are weighed in the cars on a 150-ton
Buffalo scale, suspension bearing.
In this connection it should be
stated that, besides providing ores
which make a mixture largely self
fluxing, nature has placed an almost
ideal deposit of calcite where it can
be worked from the 900-ft. level, di
rectly along the route of the haul
age tunnel. Consequently, it has only
to be broken out and sent down
through storage bin chutes, like the
ore, to tunnel cars on the 1000-ft.
level, and transferred to railroad
cars at the tunnel entrance. The
line taken by the tunnel was deter
mined in part by this circumstance.
For hauling the ore and flux from
the mine to the reduction works, a
railroad has been built, and organ
ized by a separate corporation
known as the Verde Tunnel & Smelt
er Railroad Co. This connects at
Clarkdale with another standard
gauge road, 39 miles long, built to
a junction with the Santa Fe sys
tem at Glade, Ariz., displacing the old
narrow-gauge road from Jerome.
Ore and flux from the mine are
brought to the Clarkdale smelter over
an approach consisting of trestles,
the wooden section of which are sup
ported by monolithic piers, and the
steel sections by concrete piers, ar
ranged in pairs, one on each side.
Concrete retaining walls have also
been built where necessary.
The receiving and storage facilities
consist of steel bins and a storage
yard, part of which is used for coke.
An area 279 by 83 feet is covered
by the bins, which have a total ca
pacity of 26,000 tons, and consist of
two nearly equal parts erected side
by side, but as separate structures.
The smaller is used primarily as re
ceiving bins for the proportion of
the ore passing directly through from
the mine to the furnaces. The ore
is dumped to either bins from the
50-ton hopper bottom cars brought
in on the trestle over them.
Outside the bins are the coke and
surplus ore storage yards in the or
der named, each being 270 feet long
and 73 and 60 feet wide, respectively.
These are overhung by trestles from
which the railroad cars discharge
their loads.
Reclaiming the yard ore is done by
means of a belt conveyor in a trans
verse pit, to which the ore flows
through gate-protected side openings.
This belt discharges to a cross con
veyor which takes the ore to the
furnace car-loading track under the
bins, or to another conveyor serving
the crushing and sampling plant.
Ore from the bins which does not
require crushing is drawn out under
neath to the charging cars, through
weighing hoppers. The larger por
tion, however, is carried by belt con
veyors from the storage and bin con
veyors to the crusher plant. There it
discharges to an Allis-Chalmers
30x18-in. jaw crusher, of the Blake
type, driven by a 50-hp. Westing
house motor, the product of which
passes up a long incline belt con
veyor, with capacity rated at 2400
tons daily, 5 ft. per second, to the
top of the sampling mill.
This mill is arranged in the usual
two sections, having three 20x10-in.
Blake crushers equipped, like the one
above mentioned, with manganese steel
jaw plates; three sets of Allis-Chal
mers crushing rolls 54x24, 36x12 and
24x12-in., the first named being of
the Anaconda type; two 4x14-ft.
Gates trommels with dust jackets
and manganese steel coverings, and
four Snyder samplers ranging in size
from 60 to 27 inches, with 10, 20, 20
and 10 cuts; so that the final
sample is as 1 to 250. It passes, at
the end, to a sample safe and steam
dryers in the laboratory department,
where a small Blake crusher, Sturte
vant rolls and Denver Engineering
Works sample grinders prepare it for
testing.
The product of the crushers in the
sampling mill, including sampler re
jections is handled by a system of
belt conveyors so arranged that it
can be sent back to the storage bin
for fines, or carried over to the cal
cining plant by another incline con
veyor running at a right angle to the
first.
The entire conveyor system was in
stalled by the Webster Mfg. Co. and
the rubber belting was furnished by
the Gutta Percha & Rubber Mfg. Co.
This system is exceptionally exten
sive and complete, comprising 19 dis
tinct units; so that manual labor for
any handling of the ore has practic
ally been eliminated.
In the calcining plant the ore is fed
to six 21-ft. Wedge furnaces, each
of which has a capacity of 96 tons in
24 hours. The hearths, six roasting
and one drying, are lined with con
crete. Being built on the unit sys
tem, the plant can be enlarged in
definitely as required, and the pres
ent plans provide for eight furnaces.
Cooling blast is furnished by one
of two No. 6 Sirocco, 3-oz. blowers,
each driven by a 30-hp. 440-volt
Westinghouse motor, and having a
rated capacity of 25,000 cu. ft. of free
air per minute. Either, as used, dis
charges into a concrete blast tunnel.
The calcines are drawn out, under
neath, the furnaces into 15-ton, double-truck
Kilbourne & Jacobs cars,
each 16 ft. long, 7 ft. 8 ins. wide,
and 6 ft. 5 ins. body height, which
also take the flue dust. These are
hauled by 10-ton Jeffrey electric lo
comotives. The revolving mechanism of the
furnaces rests on roller bearings and
each is so nicely balanced that a man
can turn a furnace, when the hearths
are loaded, the entire plant requires
only a 30-hp., 440-volt Westinghouse
motor for revolving all of the units,
with power to spare.
For starting up, before the sul
phides begin self-roasting, there are
oil burners of the type designed by
the Schurs Oil Burner Co., of Los
Angeles.
The dust chamber, to which the
fumes from the Wedge furnaces are
conducted by a 13x13-ft. brick flue
to the 400-ft. stack. It contains two
sets of baffle plates, each 5 ins. wide
and No. 10 gauge, set 18 ft. from
either end of the chamber, and with
only ½-in. space between plates. In
the center wire cables are suspended
to form an additional baffle. The
dust chamber building is 149 ft. long
and 50 ft. wide, with sides of steel
and brick and roofing of 24-gauge
copper, protected and insulated by
concrete. It has a W-shaped collect
ing bottom, with six discharge hop
pers, from which the dust is drawn
off into calcine cars. Both calcines
and dust are weighed, in transit to
the reverberatories, on a 40-ton Buf
falo scale.
The calcines, with oxidized ores
from the "outcrop" and "fire zone"
of the mine, are fed to three 19x100
ft. reverberatory furnaces, housed at
one end of the furnace building in
an area 145x113 ft. Charging is done
through center holes corresponding
to the double-hopper bottoms of the
cars, and fettling through openings
on each side, from small cars running
on tracks suitably located for the
purpose. The lining is of silica brick
of Standard manufacture.
Slag is drawn off into Treadwell
motor-tilted pots, on single trucks,
drawn in trains by an 18-ton Jef
frey electric locomotive, which hauls
it to the dump. There are three of
these locomotives in service. Mattes
from the reverberatories, as well as
the rich oxidized and sulphide ores,
both ferrous and silicious, together
with some calcite to provide the ad
ditional flux required, are smelted in
four 48x320-in. blast furnaces, con
sisting of white iron crucibles sup
ported on steel framework. The lat
ter, with a common elliptical settler
26x12 ft., was fabricated by the
Kansas City Structural Steel Co., but
the other metal roof work was made
in the company's own shops, the en
tire furnaces being from Repath &
McGregor's designs. Each includes
steel water jackets, with air tuyeres
a little over a foot apart and a steel
preheater jacket. The gases are led
from each furnace by two uptakes to
a second dust chamber, 60x220 ft.,
which is similar to that provided for
the calcining plant, but with steel
plate sides, deeper bottom and an ar
rangement of the baffles which puts
the gases from each furnace through
the entire length of the chamber,
despite the fact that the latter is
parallel with the furnace building,
and that the bases enter along the
side. This has the advantage of the
shortest, most direct connections pos
sible, with a minimum of flue work.

From the blast furnace dust chamber
the cleaned gases are conducted
through a steel flue, 72 ft. in length,
to the 400-ft. stack.
Ore and flux for the blast furnaces
is brought on the charging floor by
4 to 6-ton side-discharge cars, while
the coke comes in standard railway
cars on a parallel outer track. Bar
rows are used for charging. Matte
from the reverberatories is poured
hot.
The converters which are base and
lined with Harbison-Walker magne
site, consist of four stands with five
11½-ft. shells of the Great Falls type
furnished by the Allis-Chalmers Mfg.
Co., together with 50-hp., direct-current
motors for tilting. Extending
down over the hood of each is a tube
for charging silica. They are followed
by two copper casting machines made
by the converter manufacturers from
Repath & McGregor's designs. Each
of these is operated by a 20-hp., direct-current
Westinghouse motor. In
connection with these there is a re
heating furnace. Ordinarily, the
molten blister copper is poured into
20-ton ladles and brought directly to
the casting machines. Slag is
drawn off into the Treadwell, electrically-tilted
pots, and charged hot
into the reverberatory furnaces, with
the richer slag from the blast fur
naces. A McGregor "skull breaker" ma
chine and three 40-ton Morgan
cranes completed the equipment of
the converter section. Cars for
loading the copper slabs come up on
a track below the level of the casting
machines. This is equipped with
a Buffalo scale of the suspension
bearing type. The reduction works
have been built on a site sufficiently
above the channel of the Verde river
to give room for a slag dump, and
there is ample area for filling.
The smelter stack is 400 ft., 1 in.
high, with a 30-ft. 9-in. shell and
4½-in. brick walls, making it just
25 ft. inside diameter for all above
the 50 ft. high flare or bell, which is
50 ft. 9 ins. at the base. It rests
on a 10-ft. concrete foundation, rein
forced with old rails, which is 70 ft.
in diameter. The shell was furnished
by the Chicago Bridge & Iron Co.
While a large part of the electric
current used in operating the mine
and smelter is purchased from the
Arizona Power Co., the remainder
will be generated by a steam plant.
Waste heat from the reverberato
ries forms the main dependence of
this when the furnaces are going, be
ing utilized for raising steam in six
Stirling Type M boilers of 713 rated
horsepower each, two to each rever
beratory, built by the Babcock &
Wilcox Co., which were erected by
C. C. Moore & Co. of San Francisco.
These are also equipped with Schurs
oil burners, so that they can be kept
in operation independently of the fur
naces, or their output increased at
will, within the capacities for which
they were designed. Superheat up
to 100 degrees is provided for. The
reverberatory gases are collected
through individual flues terminating
in a mean header; so that the heat
units can be distributed under the
boilers as desired and the final pro
ducts of combustion pass to the 400
ft. stack through a discharge flue
206 ft. long. Three water tube boil
ers of the Parker type, using fuel oil,
have also been erected for use as re
serve units.
Boiler feed and cooling water is
taken from the Verde river, where
there is a concrete intake in the bed
of the stream, and a pumping plant
equipped with two Aldrich pumps
having a combined capacity in 24
hours of nearly 1,800,000 gals. The
(Continued on Page Ten)