2

Daily Citizen, i
PUBLISHED IN TUCSON TUESDAY EVENING.
By The Citizen Printing and Publishing Co.
MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS.
DAILY—One year in advance - - - $15.00
DAILY—Delivered by Carrier, per month - $1.00
WEEKLY—One year in advance - - - $2.00
WEEKLY—Six months in advance - - - $1.00
Entered According to Act of Congress as Second-class Matter at the Postoffice of Tucson.
NOTICE —This paper will not be responsible for any bills unless contracted for and signed by the manager.
Citizen Printing and Publishing Co.
E. W. Noams, Mgr.
NEBRASKA
THE HARBOR.
The accession of Dr. Edward Ross, late of Leland Stanford University, to a professorship of political economy in the Nebraska State University, will be regarded by his friends thankfully as a solution of the personal bread-and-butter problem of the professor, and by his enemies as a complete demonstration of the old adage that like attracts like.
For those who have taken the side of Stanford against Ross in the celebrated case of freedom of thought—and there is such a side, so they declare base their partisanship, not on any opposition to Dr. Ross’ opposition to coolie labor or ownership of public utilities, but on a pamphlet, four years old, entitled “An Honest Dollar.” The cited pamphlet is supposed to occupy the shelf room next to Mr. Bryan’s “First Rattle,” and somewhat neighborly to Mr. Harvey’s published cogitations. The pamphlet by Prof. Ross has not come this way. But the authorities at Stanford, better, the authority, must have seen it early in its career, and then the question rises, Why were four years allowed to pass by before the criminal author suffered professional decapitation?
Per the situation at the Nebraska State University becomes more interesting from now on. This institution of learning is the refuge for professors who refuse to think according to the textbooks. Nebraska is running a great risk in this absorbing to her body professional the new thinkers. But the country is suffering at the same time from the danger of having all its unusual thinkers gathered together instead of scattered abroad. Of course, whatever of genuine value there be in the new thought will persist in spite of university regents. One cannot be equally certain that Nebraska will derive strength from harboring all the iconoclasts of all the economies. But she is at least giving herself a distinct function among the states.
As a RIDE the Democratic senators were contented to state their opposition to the amendments to the army appropriation bill, authorizing the president to establish and maintain a civil government in the Philippines. Senator Turner was a striking exception. If his advice had been followed there would have been a filibuster, and Senator Teller and the Populist senators were disposed to join in a filibuster, but good sense, together with the fear that the river and harbor and other appropriations in which they were interested would fail, prevented anything like an organized filibuster, and the opposition contented themselves with making speeches of which they will probably live to be heartily ashamed.
Secretary Root is much pleased with the rapidity of the recruiting for the regular army, under the new law, as well as of the high class men who are offering themselves for enlistment, and an official statement was issued by the War Department this week saying: “The department is now assured of the speedy enlistment of sufficient first-class men to fill the new army to the maximum.”
A Texas paper says that when hard times come “we will need mills, factories, canneries, etc., to keep the people busy and quiet.” That constitutes the whole solution of troubles arising from hard times. Busy people never have time to make trouble.
The marshal of a Kentucky town threatens to use an ax on the slot machines if they are not taken out. Probably Mrs. Nation would have adopted the ax as her emblem if she had the strength of the masculine arm.
The Kansas bootlegger could probably be prevailed upon to become a standing bail for Mrs. Nation.
“Gas” Annexe would probably give quite a sum to know how Mr. Mitchell of Oregon accomplished it.
Retaliation by the other side sometimes looks like retribution.
Night Was Her Terror.
“I would cough nearly all night long,” writes Mrs. Chas. Applegate, of Alexandria, Ind., “and could hardly get any sleep. I had consumption so bad that if I walked a block I would cough frightfully and spit blood, but, when all other medicines failed, three bottles of Dr. King’s New Discovery wholly cured me and I gained 68 pounds.” It's absolutely guaranteed to cure coughs, colds, la grippe, bronchitis, and all throat and lung troubles. Price 50c and $1. Trial bottles free at L. Zeckendorf & Co., wholesale and retail. Martin’s, retail.
EFFECTIVE AT ONCE—The Illinois Central Railroad will put in a new fast schedule on their Omaha and Chicago line, whereby train No. 2 will be cut down one hour. It will leave Omaha at 7:45 p.m. daily via Fort Dodge, Waterloo, Dubuque, Freeport, and Rockford, arriving in Chicago at 8 a.m. next day. Train No. 4 will be made a daylight train leaving Omaha at 7 a.m. via the same route as above, reaching Chicago at 9:45 p.m. the same day. The two trains also carry through equipment between Omaha and St. Paul via Fort Dodge and Albert Lea, reaching Minneapolis at 7:25 a.m. and 8:65 p.m. respectively. The equipment of these trains includes the latest pattern wide vestibule Pullman Sleeping Cars, taffeta library smoking car, free reading chair car, and dining car.
What Makes the Home?
Not the house, however fine it may be; not its furniture, pictures, and appointments. The wife and mother makes the home, and to speak of going home means to go back into the shelter of the mother’s love and care.
And when womanly ills sap the mother's strength, the home-life suffers. The food is not cooked as she cooks it. Everywhere the lack of wifely supervision and motherly thoughtfulness is apparent. What a change, then, when this wife and mother comes back to take her old place in the family. Thousands of women who, because of womanly ills, had been shut out of home life and home happiness, have been enabled to once more take their place in the family after being cured by Dr. Pierce’s Favorite Prescription. It establishes regularity, dries weakening drains, heals inflammation and ulceration, and cures female weakness. It makes weak women strong, sick women well.
“I commenced taking your ‘Favorite Prescription’ and Golden Medical Discovery’ about the tenth of last December one year ago,” writes Mrs. Elisa Wright, of Mountainview, Howell Co., Missouri. “I have been very slow about writing to you, although I am thankful I am here to-day and have the privilege of saying I thank you a thousand times for your kind advice. I can truthfully say that it was through your kind advice and your medicine and the will of the Lord that I am living to-day; I am in better health than I have been for three years. I have taken one-half dozen bottles of each medicine. I am able to do my washing for four in family, and all my housework, cooking, and milking. In fact, I feel like a new woman.”
Dr. Pierce’s Pleasant Pellets cure constipation and its almost countless consequences. They do not react on the system nor beget the pill habit.
Deafness Cannot Be Cured by local applications, as they cannot reach the diseased portion of the ear. There is only one way to cure Deafness, and that is by constitutional remedies. Deafness is caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube. When this tube gets inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, and when it is entirely closed deafness is the result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tube restored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever; nine cases out of ten are caused by catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces.
We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Deafness (caused by catarrh) that cannot be cured by Hall’s Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.
F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio.
Sold by Druggists. 75c.
Hall’s Family Pills are the best.
STEVENS—The express and trunk man. Office at the People’s Store. Telephone 921. All orders promptly attended to. Storage room for furniture, boxes, and trunks.
Notice.
Office of the Board of Trustees of School District Number One, County of Pima and Territory of Arizona.
Notice is hereby given that the Board of Trustees of School District Number One, County of Pima and Territory of Arizona, will receive sealed proposals up to 12 o’clock noon of March 15, 1901, to purchase all that part of Block Number Seventy-two, of the City of Tucson, as lies south of a line fifty feet from the center of the track of the Southern Pacific Railroad, or any part thereof. Proposals should state whether the offer is for the whole or a part of said premises, and if for a part, what particular part. All proposals must be accompanied by a certified check for not less than twenty percent of the proposal, the balance to be paid on delivery of the deed. All proposals should be addressed to the Board of Trustees of School District Number One, of the County of Pima and Territory of Arizona, and delivered to or mailed to S. H. Drachman, the clerk of the board, at No. 132 West Congress Street, Tucson, Arizona. The board reserves the right to accept or reject any or all proposals.
By order of the board, Tucson, March 4, 1901.
S. H. DRACHMAN,
Clerk.
A Widow’s Love Affair
Receives a setback, if she has offensive breath through Constipation, Biliousness, or Stomach Trouble, but Dr. King’s New Life Pills always cure those troubles; clean the system, sweeten the breath, banish headache; best in the world for liver, kidneys, and bowels. Only 25c at L. Zeckendorf & Co., wholesale and retail. Martin, retail.
ADVERTISED LETTERS—
Following is a list of uncalled-for letters remaining in the post office for the week ending February 23rd:
Gents.
Apagar Wm. Hermann J. H.
Balvano L. H. Mr.
Baldwin C. Mason Harvey J.
Benitez Ceberiano Mayland B. J.
Bulgar George Milner Webster
Bowling J. M. Morphey W.
Burnham J. W. Mundell John J.
Burtinitas Cufracio Murphy Mr. & Mrs.
Chickasaw Med. Co. Paredes Francisco
Cochran Han 2 Pence Geo.
Crump Thos. Rogers Richard M.
Drake C. P. Rim Jose M.
Duran Sam Ruiz Ygnacio
Fore Mr. and Mrs. Will Balazar Jesus
Garroba P. Salsido Primilibo
Gonzales F. Banhez Tomas
Cort Geo. Behucht John I.
Grijalva Porfirio Belvey Rodney
Hallman W. A. Hinohui Tomas
Haddeman John Spencer Harry
Hernandez Rafael Tapie Etienne
Hocking Tom Vargas Jose
Jasso Homobono Waters Patrick
Jimenez Brulio Waters Wm.
Johnson F. M. Wiley Joseph
Larkin Thos. Ynojos Juan
Ladies.
Acuna Bra Jesus Lopez Bra Crizanta
Amavisea Gertrudes Miller Margarite
Blown Mrs. N. E. Miller Marion
Cueba Carlota Moreno Cornelia
Curran Annie Ochoa Mrs. Anna
Franco Barbara Ortega Bra Concepcion
Gallego Bra Maria M. Robles Bra Juanita
Gonzales Lupe Stevens Mrs. M. & F.
Goodwin Mrs. Mary B. Stookham Mrs. H. B.
Greene Isabelle Tellez Simonita
Hall Mrs. John Wilson Mrs. F. K.
Hewitt Hilda Wilson Minnie
Johns Ermilina C. Ynojos Bra Ceberina
Lopez Bra Aurora
G. W. CHICKEN,
Postmaster.
Nasal Catarrh quickly yields to treatment by Ely’s Cream Balm, which is agreeably aromatic. It is received through the nostrils, cleanses and heals the whole surface over which it diffuses itself. Druggists sell the 50c size; trial size by mail, 10 cents. Test it and you are sure to continue the treatment.
Announcement.
To accommodate those who are partial to the use of atomizers in applying liquids into the nasal passages for catarrhal trouble, the proprietors prepare Cream Balm in liquid form, which will be known as Ely’s Liquid Cream Balm. Price including the spraying tube is 75 cents. Druggists or by mail. The liquid form embodies the medicinal properties of the solid preparation.
ARIZONA DAILY CITIZEN! TUCSON, TUESDAY EVENING, MARCH 8, 1901
THE
DAILY
CITIZEN
is a representative
Republican
paper, devoted to the
interests of
Pima County
and the
Territory of Arizona.
We also do
fine
Commercial
Printing
and want
YOUR
Orders per month
the next time
YOU
need anything
In this line
Ring up
Phone No. 99
R-I-P-A-N-S Wines
Doctors find
A Good
Prescription
for mankind
as
Dr. J. Et. Rumpin’s
Desert Land, Pinal Proof Notice for Publication.
United States Land Office, Tucson, Arizona,
Feb. 15, 1901.
Notice is hereby given that Julia A. Knapp, of Tucson, Arizona, has filed notice of intention to make proof on her desert land claim No. 2858, for the N. ½ N. E. ¼ Sec. 23, N. W. ¼ N. W. ¼ Sec. 34, T. 13-S., R. 13-E., G. & S. R. B. & M., before the register and receiver at Tucson, Arizona, on Friday, the 12th day of April 1901.
She names the following witnesses to prove the complete irrigation and reclamation of said land: Edmond L. Wetmore, Benjamin Kennedy, Henry M. Meike, and Farrand O. Benedict, all of Tucson, Arizona.
Milton R. Moore,
Register
First pub. Feb. 16th, last March 23, 1901.
Notice of Time Appointed for Proving Will Etc.
In the Probate Court, of the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona.
In the matter of the estate of Newton J. Babcock, deceased.
Pursuant to an order of said Probate Court, made on the 27th day of February 1901, notice is hereby given, that Tuesday the 19th day of March 1901 at 10 o’clock a.m. of said day, at the courtroom of said court, at the county courthouse, in the City of Tucson, County of Pima, has been appointed as the time and place for proving the will of said Newton J. Babcock, deceased, and for hearing the application of Ezra Shelley for the issuance to him of Letters Testamentary when and where any person interested may appear and contest the same.
Dated February 27th, 1901. S. A. Pyeell,
Ex-Officio Clerk.
1st pub. Feb. 28th, last March 11, 1901.
TEA GARDEN DRIPS—In a ginger syrup of highest quality. Once used always wanted—deliciously sweet—makes taffy candy to perfection. Manufactured by Pacific Coast Syrup Co., 707-719 Sansome St., San Francisco.
FOR RENT—One nicely furnished front room in good location. Only healthy people need apply. Address The Citizen.
Best Cooks
Away in the Country recognize the
Superiority of
LLEA & PERRINS’
The Original Worcestershire Sauce
The Genuine Worcestershire Sauce or imitation.
Use for Gravies, Steaks, Roasts, Soups,
and every variety of food dishes.
Most Invaluable.
John Duncan's Sons, Acme, N.Y.
Tucson and Mammoth Stage Line
By the way of Oracle.
Regular stage every day except Sunday. Private team $10.00 and $15.00 return, (drivers furnished). All persons wishing to arrive in banking hours will please notify our agents the evening before.
Wm. Neal, Proprietor.
Notice for Publication.
Homestead entry No. 2185, Department of the Interior Land Office at Tucson, Arizona, 1901.
Notice is hereby given that the following named settler has filed notice of his intention to make final proof in support of his claim, and that said proof will be made before the register and receiver at Tucson, Arizona, on Wednesday, March 27, 1901, viz: James J. Harris of Tucson, Arizona, for the S. W. ¼, S. E. ¼ Sec. 27, N. ½ N. E. ¼ Sec. 34 and N. W. ¼ N. E. ¼ Sec. 35, T. 13-S., R. 18-E., G. & S. R. B. & M.
He names the following witnesses to prove his continuous residence upon and cultivation of said land viz: Frank M. Allison, Warren Allison, Antonio V. Granzetta, and Grant Witter, all of Tucson, Arizona.
Milton R. Moore,
Register.
First pub. Feb. 18, last March 26, 1901.
Notice of Sale of Real Estate.
In the Probate Court of the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona.
In the matter of the estate and guardianship of William S. Rowland, a minor.
Notice is hereby given that in pursuance of an order of the Probate Court of the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona, made on the 16th day of February, 1901, in the matter of the estate and guardianship of William S. Rowland, a minor, the undersigned, the guardian of the estate of said minor, will sell at public auction to the highest bidder for cash and subject to confirmation by said Probate Court, on Thursday the 14th day of March, 1901, at ten o’clock a.m. at the front door of the courthouse in the city of Tucson, Pima County, Arizona, all the right, title, interest, and estate of said minor in and to those certain lots, pieces, or parcels of land situate, lying, and being in the said City of Tucson, Pima County, Territory of Arizona, and more particularly described as follows, to wit:
An undivided one-third interest in parts of lots 2, 3, and 6, in Block No. 73 in said City of Tucson, and known as subdivision No. 13 of said Block 73, as per map made by George J. Roskruge, Jr.
Terms and conditions of sale: Cash, one-half of the purchase money to be paid by the purchaser on the day of sale, balance on confirmation of sale by said Probate Court. Deed at expense of purchaser.
W. W. WILLIAMS.
Guardian of the estate of the above-named minor.
Dated Tucson, Arizona, February 16, 1901.
First pub. Feb. 16, last Mar. 13.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
Articles of Incorporation of Beaumont and Los Angeles Oil and Development Company.
Know all men by these presents: That we, the undersigned, J. B. Treadwell, C. L. Hanson, L. J. Barber, J. J. Lockwood, and C. A. Benway, have this day associated ourselves together for the purpose of forming a corporation under the laws of the Territory of Arizona, and we do hereby certify:
I.
That the name of this corporation shall be Beaumont and Los Angeles Oil and Development Company.
II.
That the purpose and general nature of the business to be transacted for which said corporation is formed, are:
To buy and otherwise acquire, to hold and own, manage, operate, improve, and develop lands, mining claims, mineral rights, oil wells, and other real estate, and interests and rights in any of said properties.
To engage in and carry on the business of boring, drilling, quarrying, tunneling, and exploring for, producing, refining, distilling, treating, manufacturing, piping, carrying, handling, storing, dealing in, buying, and selling oil, petroleum, natural gas, asphaltum, bitumen, bituminous rock, and other mineral and hydrocarbon substances, and products of all such substances, gold, silver, copper, quicksilver, gypsum, stone, and any and all other metals, minerals, and products; and for such other purposes to buy and otherwise acquire, hold, own, manage, and operate refineries, pipelines, tanks, manufactories, machinery, wharves, tank cars, and steam and sailing vessels, for water transportation, and other works, property, and appliances that may be incident or auxiliary to said business or that may be deemed necessary or convenient by the board of directors.
Also to take and acquire by purchase, exchange, or other lawful modes, and to hold, own, sell, and otherwise dispose of the capital stock and bonds of other corporations.
To buy, own, hold, sell, encumber, convey, work, operate, and deal in mines and mining lands and claims and the products of mines, and water rights and systems and any and all kinds for any and all purposes; to buy, own, hold, sell, encumber, convey, and deal in stocks, bonds, real estate, and personal property.
To borrow and loan money upon security and otherwise for the purposes of the corporation; to issue evidences of indebtedness payable to money or property; to construct, own, and operate pipelines and other means of transportation, mining, manufacturing, and other plants, and other buildings, works, and improvements; to act as agent, broker, contractor, or trustee in respect to the foregoing purposes.
Also to establish and carry on agencies, offices, storage, storage tanks, and houses, and to sell articles and products manufactured by itself or other persons or corporations, in California, Arizona, Texas, and other states and territories of the United States of America and in foreign countries.
III.
That the principal place of business of said corporation shall be Tucson, Pima County, Territory of Arizona, and the places outside of said territory where it may keep branch offices and transact its business and conduct its affairs thereat shall be at Los Angeles, in the state of California, and at Beaumont, Texas.
IV.
That the time of the commencement of said corporation is the 6th day of February, 1901, and the time of its termination is the 6th day of February, 1926.
V.
That the amount of the capital stock authorized is two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) and the number of shares into which it is divided is two hundred and fifty thousand (250,000) shares of the par value of one dollar ($1) each.
VI.
That the affairs of said corporation shall be conducted by a board of five directors who shall be elected on the second Tuesday of June of each year.
VII.
That the highest amount of indebtedness or liability to which said corporation shall at any time subject itself, is one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000).
VIII.
That the private property of all stockholders in said corporation shall be exempt from all debts of said corporation.
IX.
That the following persons shall constitute the board of directors of said corporation and serve for the period of one year or until their successors are duly elected and qualified thereto: J. B. Treadwell, C. L. Hanson, L. J. Barber, J. J. Lockwood, and C. A. Benway.
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our hands and seals this sixth day of February, 1901.
J. B. Treadwell, Seal.
C. L. Hanson, Seal.
L. J. Barber, Seal.
J. J. Lockwood, Seal.
C. A. Benway, Seal.
Ten-cent revenue stamp cancelled.
State of California,
County of Los Angeles.
On this 6th day of February, in the year of our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and one, before me, Calvert Wilson, a notary public in and for said county of Los Angeles, state of California, residing therein, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared J. B. Treadwell, C. L. Hanson, L. J. Barber, J. J. Lockwood, and C. A. Benway, known to me to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and year in the certificate first above written.
(Seal) CALVERT WILSON,
Notary Public in and for said County of Los Angeles, State of California.
My commission expires July 25, 1904.
Ten-cent revenue stamp cancelled.
1st pub. Feb. 28th; last pub. March 6th, 1901.
Notice of Sale of Real Estate
Under decree and order of district court.
By virtue of a decree and order of sale issued out of the district court of the first judicial district of the Territory of Arizona, in and for the County of Pima, duly attested by the clerk of said court, under the seal of said court, on the 7th day of February, 1901, and to me delivered on the day last aforesaid, in a certain action lately pending in said court, wherein on the 26th day of November, 1900, J. Knox Corbett, plaintiff, therein recovered judgment against Frank J. London and Emma London, defendants therein, for the sum of three hundred and forty-two and 33/100 ($342.33) dollars and $22.85 costs. And wherein and whereby it was adjudged and decreed by said court that the lien claimed and set forth by said plaintiff in his complaint in said action upon the premises thereto described be foreclosed, and it was further ordered, adjudged, and decreed therein by said court that all of said property and premises be seized and sold by the sheriff of said Pima County, as under execution in satisfaction of said judgment. I have levied upon all of the property described in said decree and order of sale, to wit: All that certain lot, piece, or parcel of land situated, lying, and being in the City of Tucson, County of Pima, and Territory of Arizona, and bounded and described as follows: Commencing at a point 150 feet northerly of the southeast corner of Block 87, on the east line of said block, and running thence westerly at right angles 92 feet; thence northerly at right angles 96 feet; thence easterly at right angles 92 feet; thence southerly at right angles 96 feet to the place of beginning, and being part of lots 5 and 8 in said Block 87, according to the official survey and map of the City of Tucson, made by S. W. Foreman and approved by the mayor and common council of the (village) now City of Tucson, June 22, 1872.
And notice is hereby given that on Saturday, the ninth day of March, 1901, at 11 o’clock in the forenoon, I will sell at public auction for cash in lawful money of the United States, to the highest and best bidder, at the courthouse door of Pima County, in the City of Tucson, all of the right, title, and interest of the said Frank J. London and Emma London have, and which they and each of them had in and to the above-described property on the 21st day of February 1899, and have had since said last-named day, to satisfy said judgment, and costs, and accruing costs.
FRANK E. MORPHY,
Sheriff of Pima County.
E. DRACHMAN,
Under Sheriff.
Tucson, Arizona, February 9th, 1901.
First pub. Feb. 11, 1901, last pub. March 9, 1901.
Office Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.
Feb. 9, 1901. Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.m. March 5, 1901, for transportation of military supplies, routes Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8, and for drayage at Denver, Colo., during the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1901. U. S. reserves the right to accept or reject any or all proposals. Information furnished on application. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked: “Proposals for Transportation on Route No.—,” addressed J. W. Pope, Chief Q. M.
PROPOSALS FOR CAVALRY HORSES Office Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo., March 1, 1901.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.m., March 12, 1901, for fitting cavalry horses as follows: At Fort Craig, N.M., 63 horses; at Fort Huachuca, Ariz., 61 horses; at Fort Wingate, N.M., 60 horses. Bids will be entertained for delivery at prominent railroad points other than at posts named. Horses to be in accordance with specifications in circular of Instructions to bidders, which will be furnished, together with blank proposals, on application to this office. U. S. reserves right to accept or reject any or all proposals or any part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked “Proposals for Cavalry Horses” and addressed Major J. W. Pope, Chief Q. M.
DEAFNESS CURED,
For no pay. C. H. OTTWAN, Milwaukee, Wis.
Southern Pacific Co.
Sunset
Route
This is the most popular route. Runs a daily train from all points North! East! West! causing close connections at New Orleans for St. Louis, Chicago, Cincinnati, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, New York, and all principal points.
Elegant Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars on all trains through to New Orleans.
Passengers taking this route will have only one change of cars at New Orleans in daylight, for all points North and East, avoid the tedious lay-overs at El Paso and Texas, and saving over
FOUR TO TEN HOURS IN TIME
See that your ticket reads via the Southern Pacific Company and New Orleans. For further information, time-tables, and through Pullman reservations, call on or address,
C. M. Burkhalter, T. E. Runt, F. S. B. Morse
Agent, Tucson, Com’l Agent, Gen’l P. & T. Agent,
Arizona. El Paso, Texas. New Orleans, La.
M. O. Becknell, Traveling Passenger Agent, El Paso.
IMPORTANT GATEWAYS
THROUGH FAST FREIGHT
AND PASSENGER SERVICE
The direct through line from Arizona and New Mexico to all points in the north, east, and southeast. Low altitude. Perfect passenger service. Through cars. No lay-overs. Latest pattern, Pullman Buffet Sleepers, Handsome New Chair Cars. Seats Free. Speed, safety, comfort combined. For particulars address
B. F. DARBYSHIRE, S. W. F. & P. A. R. W. CURTIS, F. & P. A.
El Paso, Texas. El Paso, Texas.
E. P. TURNER, G. P. & T. A., Dallas, Texas.
NO TROUBLE TO ANSWER QUESTIONS.
OTHER MAN OF THE HOUR
A Magnificent Portrait of
President McKinley
Reproduced in True Colors from
a Large Photograph, for which
the President specially sat, at
the request of the Publishers,
(Size 14 x 21 Inches)
will be published as soon as possible. It is now being printed for us on heavy plate paper, in a form suitable for framing, by one of the largest art lithograph houses in America, in the famous French style of color-plate work. Every American family will want one of these handsome pictures of the President. It must be remembered that this picture will be in no sense a cheap chromo, but will be an example of the very highest style of illuminated printing. It will be an ornament to any library or drawing-room. Our readers can have the McKinley portrait at what it costs us (namely, ten cents per copy) by merely filling out the coupon below, and sending it to this office at once. There will be such a demand for the portrait when it is published that we advise sending orders in advance. As many copies as may be desired can be had on one coupon, providing ten cents is sent for each copy. Write name and address plainly, and remit in coin or postage stamps.
To THE ARIZONA DAILY CITIZEN,
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
For the enclosed remittance of cents send me copies of President McKinley’s Portrait in colors, as described in today's paper.
Address
The Consolidated National Bank,
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
Capital $60,000 Surplus and Profits $15,000
DEPOSITS HELD TO THE AMOUNT OF
OFFICERS:
M. P. FREEMAN, President. W. C. DAVIS, Vice President.
H. B. TENNEY, Cashier. E. W. GRAVES, Asst. Cashier
The Arizona National Bank
OF TUCSON.
B. M. Jacobs, President.
Capital $80,000.00 Fred Fleischman, Vice-President,
Surplus $8,000.00 L. M. Jacobs, Cashier.
J. M. Oxmsby, Asst. Cashier.
A General Banking Business Transacted.
Dear at Any Price
Is the unsatisfactory conclusion you will come to when using poor wines, whiskies, gins, brandies, or liquors of any kind. Secure the best finality of these goods when you buy at Rossi's Vintage Cellar and you will find our prices for high-grade liquors and cigars no higher than you will pay for inferior grades elsewhere.
Car. Stone Ave. and Congress St.