THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.

3
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 31, 1903.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.

PUBLISHED BY THE

ARIZONA PUBLISHING CO.

GEO. W. VICKERS, Pres. and Gen. Mgr.

Exclusive Morning Associated Press

Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press in Arizona.

The only battery of Linotypes in Ari
zona. Publication office: 36-38 East Adams
Street. Telephone No. 47.

Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.

SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year  .  $9.00
Weekly, one year .  2.00
Cash in advance.

BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month 75 cts.

And

for
Arizona visitor to the Coast will
find the Republican on sale at the
following places: Los Angeles—B. F.
Gardner, 305 South Spring Street.

PHOENIX, ARIZONA, MAY 31.

1903.

Tempe’s Mistake, and Its Lesson for
the Rest of the Valley.

If the ranchers living under the
Tempe canal wish to cut themselves
off from all possibility of sharing in
the benefits of water storage, they are
taking exactly the proper steps to ac
complish that end. The address to the
secretary of the interior which they
adopted yesterday, a document which
they found ready and prepared for
them at the hands of the manager of
the land and cattle company which
controls the great ranch under the San
Francisco ditch, is printed in our news
columns this morning. We trust that
every land owner in the Salt River
valley will read the document. This
address is the final product of the three
or four gentlemen who for months have
so actively opposed the approved plan
of organization and who have so per
sistently tried to persuade ranchers
everywhere in the valley to refuse the
government’s plan. In some respects
the measures of protection purporting
to be set forth in the address are al
ready embodied in the plan which the
secretary has approved. This might
be termed the sugar-coating of the
pill, for anybody fairly familiar with
the English language can state any
proposition in a multitude of ways.
The pill itself is made up of the “prin
ciples” which the government has re
peatedly rejected—notably, local or dis
trict control of the water distribution,
opposition to giving security which will
secure alike the government and all
who join the association, and so forth.
For months the “mountain” of op
position has been laboring, and it has
brought forth this mouse—the same
mouse that has been laid before the
people here and before the government
at Washington a dozen separate times
since last fall. Verily, the rodent be
gins to smell. With patience and cour
tesy the government over and over
again has turned down these “princi
ples” and has informed the chief agi
tators that their substitutes and
amendments would not and could not
be accepted. What any sane man
could expect to gain by again taking
the subject to the secretary of the in
terior cannot be surmised. If the
prime movers who have undertaken to
undermine and make abortive the
government’s plan for giving water
storage to this valley be credited with
only ordinary common sense, they lay
themselves open to grave suspicion of
their good faith and honorable inten
tions toward the valley’s interests. It
looks very much, indeed, as if, finding
it impossible to carry through their
pet projects, they have determined to
defeat the reservoir altogether.
And very possibly they may defeat it.
Certainly, if yesterday’s proceedings at
Tempe be taken as indicative of the
purposes of that district, these agi
tators have succeeded in placing that
enterprising and deserving community
outside the pale of the government’s
operations. Our Washington dispatches
have made it clear that the former ac
tion of the Tempe ranchers in declin
ing to join the Water Users’ Associa
tion was a course which pleased the
officials at Washington. They did not
wish to subject the government to the
charge of treating any part of the val
ley unjustly, and the door has been
held open patiently in order that all
might enter. But at the same time, it
has been the belief of the officials that
it would be advisable to leave out the
better watered section of the valley and
substitute therefor public lands. In
evitably, the proceedings of yesterday
will be taken as conclusive that the
Tempe ranchers have definitely de
termined not to join the association.
Of course, the Tempe ranchers have
made a deplorable mistake. Their pre
judices and suspicions have been utiliz
ed to their own immeasurable damage.
But that is their own affair. When it is
too late they will turn on their advis
ers of yesterday and will be ready to
rend them. As Mr. Maxwell pointed out
to them yesterday in a single sentence,
they have fully as much chance to get
water from the moon as they have
through their plans.
It remains for the rest of the valley
to determine whether the action of
Tempe shall mean the loss of the res
ervoir. Unquestionably, the secretary
of the interior will be forced to form
an unfavorable opinion of the people
of this valley, their business sagacity,
and even their integrity, if there is
much further delay in presenting to
him the necessary assurance that the
required acreage has been secured. The
delay of another month may mean the
loss of the reservoir. Our dispatches
from Washington have left no room for
doubt on that point, and more import
ant dispatches never traveled over the
wire to Arizona. Some of the agitators
against the government’s plan insist,
in conversing with ranchers, that the
reservoir is to be constructed anyhow.
Who knows the most about it—they,
or the department officials at Wash
ington? We have not one word of con
demnation for the Tempe ranchers or
the ranchers of any other section of the
valley. They are the men directly in
terested, and the cost of the reservoir
must come from the products of their
soil, raised by their hands. It is their
duty to themselves and to their fami
lies to know that they are making no
mistake. But it is their duty, likewise,
to know the motives of the men who
are advising them to stay out of the
association. It is, unfortunately, a
trait of many farmers to suspect their
best friends, and to give complete con
fidence where it is least deserved. It
should be remembered that the gov
ernment’s greatest concern is the pro
tection of the citizen. Our ranchers
have the solemn assurance of the gov
ernment that the Water Users’ organi
zation has been perfected on the right
lines. What better assurance could be
given?