THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: THURSDAY JULY 6,

4

CHARLES B. BOOTHE & CO.
MINING and MILLING MACHINERY
RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
LOS ANGELES. CALIFORNIA.

Mines and Mining

HARD WORK PROSPECTING.
Throughout all the mining regions
there has been done a great deal
horseback prospecting, says the Clancy
Miner. Most of this has been done by
the old timers. Ask one of these to
day about the mineral characteristics
of a particular section, and he will in
variably pronounce it "no good." If
his reason be demanded he will prob-
ably tell you that he and several
"pards" traveled all over the country
years ago and "saw nothing worth
staking." Take three or four prospect-
ors, mount and start them through
the country, and it is not easy to get
them to stop for anything. When an
unusually large and true-looking
quartz vein is found they may dis-
mount and look at it, but that number
of men are seldom be made to agree
to stop and work anything. One or
two may think the party should halt
and sink upon a vein that presents a
flattering appearance, but the others
will at once begin to make all manner
of disparaging "cracks." There is no timber
near it, it is too far to water, or the
country rock is not of the right kind.
Such a party has generally some par-
ticular mountain, mine or section of

country for its objective point, and in
going toward it there is no turning
aside from the most direct and easiest
road. Not a man will dismount and
go up into rocky hills where a horse
cannot be taken. Such a range of hills
may be skirted, and some member of
the party may point to spots that in-
dicate the presence of mineral veins,
but the others begin at once to point
out features of damaging character

and when an argument pro and con
has gone far enough to be wearisome
the verdict of the mounted jury is "no good."
In all the Pacific coast states and ter-
ritories there are mountain ranges em-
bracing hundreds of square miles that
have been "prospected" in just this
way. How many expeditions have
been started out well mounted and
equipped with a sufficient number of
pack animals to carry an ample supply
of provisions through the long
stretches of wilderness. One in partic-
ular from the Pacific coast passed
through the southeastern part of Ore-
gon, thence into Idaho and Montana
and down through Nevada into Colo-
rado and Arizona, where they turned
and journeyed back to the "place of
beginning," as the surveyors say.
On this trip they made no location of
ground, they were after an "immensely
big thing" and the big thing was al-
ways ahead. In this state, Idaho, Ne-
vada, and Arizona they discovered a
number of mineral belts and lodes that
were afterwards found to be rich
which in fact have yielded millions
upon millions in gold and silver and
built up large towns and camps, yet
when they returned from their
trip
they reported that they had found no-
thing. The country over which they
had passed was "no good." Western
Mining World.
The Grace Greenwood is the scene of
one of the biggest strikes in the history
of Gold Hill. Yesterday, in the 183
foot level, a large body of ore over six
feet in width was encountered. Three
feet of the ore will ship at about $20
to the ton, two feet averages about
three ounces and from a foot to 18
inches will go better than four ounces
to the ton. The mine is operated by
the Jerseyville Mining and Leasing
company, an eastern concern.
Quite
recently a considerable amount of
cash has been expended in the equip-
ment of the mine with machinery, and
which is managed here by Mr. Rich-
ard Birch, has been extremely fortu-
nate in its mining ventures in this camp. Hand-
some profits were realized by its stock-
holders on the old Birch lease on the
Mary McKinney, and when the lease
on that expired the lease on the Grace
Greenwood was secured. Of late only
a small force has been employed on
this mine. The Jerseyville capitalists,
who have been anything but elated for
the past few months, have been noti-
fied by wire of their good fortune,
and should the chute prove a continu-
ous one, as it has every appearance
of doing, the stockholders of the leas-
ing company will be once more re-
ceiving handsome profits on their in-
vestment. Mining Investor.

GOSSIP OF NEW YORK.
At the levee of policemen and nurse-
maids, held regularly every afternoon
in Central Park,
the one subject of conversation
is the cats. The wild cats.

The Celebrated
Bohemian
Rubin Beer.
We do not permit others to bot-
tle the St. Louis A. B. C. Beers.
Brewed and bottled in St. Louis
by the American Brewing Co.
Order of
LOUIS MELCZER,
Wholesale Dealer, Phoenix, Ariz.

Cats that run wild in Central Park
are objects of detestation to the keep-
ers when full grown; in their infancy,
however, they figure pleasantly and
unwittingly. The origin of this ill-will
was a cat that built its spring home in an abandoned bird’s
nest that had lasted through the win-
ter in one of the tall trees near the
plateau at 104th street. It first at-
tracted attention by running round
and round the trunk of the tree, mew-
ing horribly. Its actions led to inves-
tigation, and investigation disclosed a
blind and furry family in the nest,
quite thirty feet from the ground.
When a policeman climbed the tree
the cat climbed too, and entered such
a demurrer to any interference with
the nest that it had to be removed, with
its contents, in a box, the squalling
parent being meanwhile beaten off
with a club. The kittens were duly fed
and presumably preserved. Their sal-
vation, humane as it was, seemed
hardly possible since the felines
in that vicinity were pursued
by the keepers last autumn with shot-
guns. It is, nevertheless, the first case
on record of a veritable warren of wild
cats being discovered in Central Park.
The owner of a vacant lot in the
vicinity of Ninety-first street and the
Boulevard is either very courageous
or the small boys of the neighbor-
hood are quiet. The owner or
builder in his employ has nailed to
a tall post outside his fence a stuffed
owl of great and unusually wise
aspect. Its wings are extended im-
pressively, its glass eyes glare and it
has a cigar in its mouth. So exposed,
it is an affront to the small boy and a
menace to surrounding windows; for
a rock at the bird is almost
irresistible.
The remodeling of the Cyrus Field
house in Gramercy Park means the
obliteration of another famous land-
mark. The house, together with the
one adjoining, on the corner of Lex-
ington Avenue, is being "modernized,"
which means that the costly interior
decorations have gone into the general
heap of dust and lath and plaster.
The carving on the banisters in the
Field house alone cost a small fortune;
the ceilings on the ground floor were
the work of famous artists and the
stained glass windows at the rear,
(which of course, have been saved),
were of intricate and beautiful design.
After the Field family retired from
the mansion it degenerated
into a
"fashionable" boarding house.
There
is little left of it today save its outer
walls and its flight of stone steps.
A member of the New York Yacht
Club is authority for the statement
that nothing that floats and carries
sails will be obtainable for love or
money during the cup races next Oc-
tober. It was made in response to a
query from an amateur yachtsman
who, each time he misses some such
event as a cup week,
is conspicuous by his chagrin.
This amateur wished to know about
what sum it would take to charter a
comfortable schooner for the week,
one to hold, say, a club of ten men
with their friends. He thought it
ought to be managed for about $50
apiece. "Five hundred dollars!" was
the veteran’s comment: "why, my boy,
five hundred wouldn’t pay for the
chain to her anchor." This was meta-
phor, of course. The veteran meant,
as he presently explained, that every
man that possessed a boat of any kind
never missed some boat that aims to lift
the cup must choose another time.

COMMENT ON
FOREIGN NEWS.
The illness of Queen Carola of Sax-
ony, which at one moment gave rise
to apprehension with regard to her re-
covery, was brought about by a little
dog. She is frightfully short-sighted,
and while at her castle of Sybillenort,
when walking through a badly lighted
room, fell over a pet dog that was
lying on the floor in such a manner
that she carried with her a porcelain
vase, which being dashed to pieces
cut her face quite severely. Erysipelas
set in, and for some days it looked as if
King Albert was at length to be relieved
of the amiable, but homely and
childless consort who had been forced
upon him by his father. King Albert,
it may be remembered, was morganat-
ically married to an actress, and had
been compelled by the old King John to
marry the daughter of Prince Gustavus
Vasa, claimant to the throne of
Sweden and Norway, and last male
scion of the illustrious dynasty which
reigned so long over Scandinavia. The
morganatic wife and children were
shipped off to Hamburg, where the
lady eventually married a man who
squandered her fortune, caused her to
quarrel with the present King of Sax-
ony in such a manner that he stopped
her allowance, and about four years
ago she died in a London workhouse.
The present Queen of Saxony was
on the eve at one moment of becoming
Empress of the French, for before Na-
poleon III wedded Eugenie he was
suitor for her hand, and she had already
intimated her readiness to accept him
and to share his throne, when the
match was suddenly broken off by her
father, who declared that he would
never permit a member of his illus-
trious race to marry a parvenu, a con-
spirator, and an adventurer, such as
Napoleon III.
No one is doing more to relieve the
compulsory military service of its
occasional hardships than the Crown
Prince of Italy, who is striving to
render the term with the colors not
only useful from a military point of
view, but likewise a
course of professional training and
healthy recuperation. Not long ago he
induced all the officers of the army
corps which he commands at Naples
to go through a thorough course of
agricultural training, and then had all
the soldiers from the various regiments
instructed in the use of improved agri-
cultural implements, and in up-to-date
agricultural methods generally. Now,
just before he left for the arctic seas
with the object of escorting his cousin,
Prince Louis, a bit of the way to the
north pole he organized a series of ex-
cursions for each of the regiments to
visit various places of interest, such
as, for instance, the Vesuvius, etc. In
a word, the Crown Prince is showing
that he is a man of no little initiative
and breadth of view, and that, despite
his diminutive size, he is likely to
make a mark in history if he lives to
ascend the throne of his father.
The very active part taken by the
First Lord of the British Admiralty in
the publishers' congress just held in
London, is due to the fact that the
grandfather of Mr. Goschen was in his
day the most celebrated publisher in
Europe. His headquarters were at
Berlin at the time Prince Napoleon
was at the height of his fame, and he
was in personal relations and corre-
spondence with all the literary person-
ages of the day. Mr. Goschen is prepar-
ing this correspondence, together with
a memoir of his grandfather, for publi-
cation.
Lord Clifford, with whom the Duke
and Duchess of York have been stay-
ing at Ugbrooke, in Devonshire, enjoys
the unique distinction in the British
peerage of being the great-grandson
of a cardinal. His grandmother was a
Weld, daughter of Thomas Weld, of
Lulworth Castle, who, after the death
of his wife, entered holy orders, and
eventually was raised to the rank of a
prince of the church and to a seat in
the sacred college. The visit serves to
recall the old association between the
titles of the Duke of York and Lord
Clifford of two centuries ago. The
Duke of York, who afterward ascended
the throne as King James II, and the
first Lord Clifford, both became sec-
retly reconciled to the Church of
Rome during the reign of King Charles
II, and while the duke resigned his
post of Lord High Admiral of the Navy,
Lord Clifford preferred to abandon his
lucrative office of Lord High Treasurer
rather than to consent to take the An-
glican sacrament or communion in ac-
cordance with the terms of the so-
called test act.
The present Lord Clifford is of course
a Catholic, as all his ancestors have
been, has two sisters who are nuns,
is married to one of the members of
the celebrated Lancashire house Town-
ley, and belongs to the same family as
the fair Rosamond, whose infatuation
for King Henry II led to her being
poisoned by Queen Eleanor.
In response to an inquiry concerning
the use of hyphenated names which
are sometimes described as "double
barrelled," it may be stated that while
at least 80 per cent of these names are
merely hyphenated from motives of
society and pose, there are quite a
number of people who are forced by
law to make use of the hyphen. Thus,
there are persons who inherited landed
estates from childless relatives and
friends on the condition that they
adopt not only the armorial bearings
but likewise the name of the testator.
As the legatee does not ordinarily
care to dispense with his family
patronymic, he is permitted by law
to use it in conjunction with the name
bequeathed to him along with the pro-
perty. That is really the origin of hy-
phenated names.
There are many people, however,
who, being possessed of extremely
plebeian surnames, endeavor to impart
a sort of spurious gentility thereto by
prefixing through means of hyphens
aristocratic Christian names thereto.
Thus a person of the name of Tomp-
kins will prefix the name of Ponsonby
thereto by means of a hyphen. Jones
will be content with nothing less than
a hyphenated Wellington as a prefix,
while Brown will inscribe on his cards
the name of Plantagenet or Tudor be-
fore his own patronymic.
Sir Edward Hulse, who by the death
of his father, at the age of 60, becomes
sixth baronet, distinguished himself
when running for parliament at Salis-
bury in 1886 by issuing a cartoon rep-
resenting old Mr. Gladstone in the act
of being dragged down to hell by
Satan. The cartoon was denounced by
conservatives and liberals alike. He
is very rich, increased his wealth by
wedding Levi Lawson, proprietor of
the London Daily Telegraph, and is
passionately fond of cards. He knows
the Prince of Wales well, and is re-
membered as having presented to his
future king the famous set of baccarat
counters used at Tranby Croft on the
occasion which gave rise to the great
baccarat scandal. They were adorned
on the reverse side with the heraldic
emblem of the Prince of Wales, and
with his motto, and were produced in
court during the memorable trial of Sir
William Gordon Cumming.
Young Coningsby Disraeli, having re-
covered in an almost miraculous man-
ner from his terrible bicycle accident,
has just come into an enormous for-
tune through the death of his wife's
father, old Mr. Sylva, the multi-millionaire
port wine producer of Oporto
and London. Mrs. Disraeli, being an
only child, inherits all the old man's
colossal wealth.
MARQUIS DE FONTENOY.

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
THE ANGLO-AMERICAN DEVELOP-
MENT COMPANY.
Know All Men by These Presents:
That we, C. F. Ainsworth, Louis C.
Masten and W. T. Hutchinson, resi-
dents of Phoenix, Maricopa County,
Arizona Territory, H. William Stevens,
a resident of Wickenburg, Maricopa
County, Arizona Territory, and F. I.
Kendall, a resident of Oakland, Ala-
meda County, California, desiring to
incorporate under the laws of the Ter-
ritory of Arizona, do adopt, sign, and
acknowledge as prescribed by law
these articles of incorporation.

ARTICLE I.
That the names of the incorporators
of this corporation are C. F. Ains-
worth, F. I. Kendall, Louis C. Masten,
W. T. Hutchinson and H. William
Stevens.

ARTICLE II.
The name assumed by this corpora-
tion and by which it shall be known,
and under which title it shall hold its
property and transact all its business,
is The Anglo-American Development
Company.
The main office of such corporation
shall be in the City of Phoenix, Mari-
copa County, Arizona Territory, and
branch offices may be established at
such other places as its board of direc-
tors may desire and determine, and
that at such branch offices it may also
hold meetings of stockholders and di-
rectors and transact any and all busi-
ness in the same manner as at the
designated office.
The time of the commencement of
this corporation shall be on the date
of the filing these articles in the of-
fice of the County Recorder of Maricopa
County, Arizona, and the termination
thereof, twenty-five years from that
date.

ARTICLE III.
The purposes and business for which
this corporation is formed, is the ac-
quisition by purchase, bond, lease or
otherwise, of mineral or other prop-
erties; the development and sale,
leasing, bonding, milling, improving
or otherwise working or disposing of
any properties, real or personal, that
it may acquire in any way; the pur-
chase and sale or dealing in real, per-
sonal or mixed property of any kind
or character, including the owning of
stock in other corporations; and in
general to transact and do any and all
things coincident to and consistent
with the proper prosecution of all the
purposes as herein set forth.

ARTICLE IV.
The amount of capital stock of this
corporation shall be One Million Five
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,500,-
000.00), divided into fifteen thousand
shares of the par value of one hundred
dollars ($100.00) each, to be paid in
cash or property from time to time as
subscriptions shall be made, for the
same; and no stock shall be issued un-
til fully paid, and the same shall be
non-assessable thereafter.

ARTICLE V.
The maximum amount of the
indebtedness or liabilities of any
kind which this corporation
shall be authorized to incur
at any time, or for which it can
be made liable, is the sum of Two
Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars
($250,000.00).

ARTICLE VI.
The stockholders of this corporation
and their private property shall be at
all times exempt from the corporate
debts of this corporation.

ARTICLE VII.
The affairs of this corporation shall
be conducted by a Board of Directors,
composed of not less than three nor
more than seven persons, who shall be
elected at the annual meeting of the
stockholders of this corporation, to be
held at the office of the company in
Phoenix, Arizona, on the second Mon-
day in January in each year, and
shall hold office until their successors
are elected and qualified.
The officers of this corporation shall
be a President, Vice-President, Secre-
tary and Treasurer, who shall be
elected annually from among the
Board of Directors at a meeting there-
of to be held immediately after the
annual meeting of the stockholders.
The Secretary and Treasurer may be
one and the same person. Any meet-
ing of the directors at which a quorum
shall be present shall be deemed a
legal meeting, and their acts shall
have the same force and effect as
though passed by a full board, whether
the absent members of the board had
notice of the meeting or not. The
President shall be the executive officer
of the corporation and sign all con-
veyances, checks, contracts, and other
instruments, and in his absence or
inability to act, the Vice-President
shall perform his duties.
The following named persons who
are subscribers to the capital stock of
this corporation shall be its officers
and directors until their successors are
elected and qualified:
C. F. Ainsworth, President and Di-
rector.
F. I. Kendall, Vice-President and Di-
rector.
Louis C. Masten, Secretary-Treasurer
and Director.
H. William Stevens, Director.
William T. Hutchinson, Director.

ARTICLE VIII.
All vacancies that may occur in the
Board of Directors shall be filled until
the next annual election by the mem-
bers of the Board of Directors remain-
ing in office.
The Board of Directors of the cor-
poration may appoint such committee
or committees, or such business man-
ager or managers, to aid in the man-
agement of the business of this cor-
poration, as they may deem expedient,
and vest in such managers or com-
mittees such powers as the Board of
Directors may deem best.

ARTICLE IX.
No person shall be eligible to the
office of Director in this corporation
unless he is a stockholder at least
thirty days previous to the date of his
election, and any director or officer
ceasing to be a stockholder shall
thereupon cease to be a director or of-
ficer in the corporation.
As soon as practicable after the
filing of these Articles of Incorporation
in the office of the County Recorder of
Maricopa County, Arizona Territory,
the persons hereinbefore named as Di-
rectors shall meet and adopt by-laws,
and at any regularly prescribed meet-
ing of Board of Directors, they
may make such rules and regulations
as they may deem necessary for the
proper management of this corpora-
tion and its affairs consistent with
these Articles of Incorporation, and in
accordance with the laws of the United
States and the laws of the Territory
of Arizona.

ARTICLE X.
The Articles of Incorporation may be
amended at any annual meeting of the
shareholders, or any special meeting
thereof, called for the purpose by two-
thirds of the stock represented at such
meeting, either in person or by proxy,
voting in favor of such amendment
proposed, and whenever any amend-
ment of these Articles of Incorporation
shall be made, the same shall be
signed and acknowledged by the Pres-
ident of the corporation, and shall
have the same force and virtue as
those signed by all the subscribers.
In Witness Whereof we have here-
unto set our hands and seals this 25th
day of March, A. D., 1899.
C. F. AINSWORTH. (seal)
F. I. KENDALL. (seal)
LOUIS C. MASTEN. (seal)
H. WM. STEVENS. (seal)
WM. T. HUTCHINSON. (seal)
State of California, City and County of
San Francisco, ss.
On this 29th day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine, before me, A. J. Henry, a
Notary Public in and for the city and
county of San Francisco, personally
appeared F. I. Kendall, known to me
to be the person whose name is sub-
scribed to the within instrument, and
acknowledged that he executed the
same.
In witness whereof I have hereunto
set my hand and affixed
my official seal at my of-
fice in the City and
(seal) County of San Fran-
cisco, the day and year
in this certificate first
above written.
A. J. HENRY.
Territory of Arizona, County of Mari-
copa, ss.
Before me, M. P. Hutchinson, a No-
tary Public in and for the said county
and territory, on this day personally
appeared C. F. Ainsworth, Louis C.
Masten, W. T. Hutchinson, and H.
Wm. Stevens, known to me to be the
persons who signed the foregoing in-
strument, and acknowledged to me
that they executed the same for the
purposes therein mentioned.
(seal) M. P. HUTCHINSON,
Notary Public.
County Recorder.
Territory of Arizona, County of Mari-
copa.
I, County Recorder in and for the
County and Territory aforesaid, do
hereby certify that the within instru-
ment was filed for record at 3:15
o’clock p. m. on the 3d day of April,
1899, and duly recorded in Book No.
3 of Corporations, Records of Mari-
copa County, Arizona, at pages 209-10-
11-12.
Witness my hand and official seal
the day and year above written.
(seal) F. W. SHERIDAN,
County Recorder.