If

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 14, 1912.
PAGE five:

3l v

-A,'

. . .if&&iiv.-, rPW " -r "n,' which the ends for the

W r1 rest. They are six feet thick where

iHwm, which the ends of the

arches j"

It

OILS AND GREASES

The best you can find for automobile lubrication. Made by the most skilled experts in the most famous refineries in the world.
Polarine Oils and Greases always "make good." They are always uniform; always reliable. And you can get them wherever you go.
The Polarine booklet tells you how best to care for your car.
Write for it today.
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
Los Angeles (Incorporated) San Francisco

PUBLICITY FOR
TEMPE BRIDGE

Grand is somewhat out of the ordinary in design.
Salt River at the location of the bridge is normally a small stream only about forty feet in width, running through the typical sandy country of southern Arizona. It lies in a wide valley some 1600 feet from height to height of land, a large portion of which is filled at the time of occasional floods. It was therefore necessary to carry the highway, some sort of a structure to a distance of approximately 1600 feet:
Technical Journal Gives

Fine Description of the plan after a study of the situation

Notable Structure and Its
Building.

In a recent issue of the Engineering News, the leading engineering publication in the United States, several pages were devoted to the description of the state highway bridge now being constructed at Tempe. The article is well illustrated with photographs and drawings from the engineer's plans.
The first part of the article, which is free from the ultra-technical terms which often confuse the lay mind, is quoted as follows:
"The recently admitted state of Arizona had under its territorial government an engineering department which comprised a well organized highway division. As a part of the work of this division, in the spring of 1911 it was ordered by the board of control of the territory to build a bridge across the Salt River at Tempe, Maricopa county, nine miles east of Phoenix, to carry the main line of a north and south territorial highway then under construction. The then territorial engineer, J. B.

greatest depth being 44 feet
below the surface."
There follows a detailed technical description of the design, which is omitted, the structure being described in simpler language.
The bridge is of special interest here, in that it is entirely a product of the west, and largely local. The cement used comes from El Paso and the steel rods used for reinforcing

They are six feet thick where the arches join them and are about 2 feet long up and down stream.
They widen out and lengthen as they go down. The up and downstream ends are rounded. The tops of the piers are pointed like the roof of a house. Near what would be the eaves, are rounded depressions in which the ends of the arches rest. The arches are not solid clear across the bridge as they are commonly built, but consist of two so-called ribs. These ribs are 17 inches thick cross-wise and a little over three feet thick up and down. They are in reality curved beams. An idea of the general arrangement of the arch-ribs and their cross-braces might be formed by the following example. Suppose we took a large Indian bow and drew up the string until the distance from the string to the bow at the middle was 10 inches and the distance between the ends of the bow was 60 inches. Now suppose we had another bow shaped exactly like the first and the two

two were placed parallel six inches
four with their ends resting on a
table and at intervals of five inches
were cross-braces which held them rigidly in place. Now if the wood
of these bows, instead of being wide
and thin, was 1/2 inches thick vertically and 1/8 of an inch in width, and was concrete instead of wood,
then we would have a small model of the arch-ribs in the bridge. The cross-braces, in reality, are 9 inches thick horizontally and vertically are

... I ... to ... ... ...
feet in span, making a total length of 1,007 feet 9 inches. The decision to use concrete was reached largely because of the fact that convict labor could be used in the construction, thus reducing the cost of the bridge to superintendence and material. On account of the failure of two piers of a large railroad bridge about 500 feet upstream from the proposed bridge site, it was decided that all piers and abutments of the new bridge should be built on bed rock. Test holes at intervals of 100 feet along the center line showed that bed rock would be found at an average of 20 feet below the surface.

Except in the main channel at the north side of the river bed where the rock had a considerable sag, the

below

NAVAJO RUGS
AT REDUCED
PRICES

We are closing out all of our Indian rugs and it will pay you to look over our large assortment of sizes, designs and colors.
These rugs were bought direct from the Navajo reservation.
Navajo Rugs From
$4.00 to $40.00
Now is the time to order your awnings, drop curtains and tents, outdoor porch shades, hammocks and porch swings.
Lots of new goods just received.
Three carloads of chairs, rockers, bookcases, buffets, desks and porch furniture.

H1-UHli. i

jflcar fljny;-
When people spend nearly one-half of their time in their bedrooms, of course you see why they don't fix them up only, and for the life of me, the one most necessary thing in a home is a cosy, comfortable bed.
It is known floors can break slumber, because
make for them a restful place to sleep, don't
you want to see our bedroom line, and be proud
of a home soon.
Yours always,
Doris-Heyman Furniture Co.
(P. S.—see us from every single thing in my bed
room; we always carry furniture from
Dorris-Heyman Furniture Co.
Where you see the best always

EXCEPTIONAL
VALUES IN
BRASS AND
IRON BEDS
A full or three-quarter size brass bed with two inch posts. A very substantial bed and an ornament to any room. We can furnish this bed either in the satin or polished brass for $15.00.
A full sized iron bed with two-inch continuous posts and large easy rolling casters. This bed we furnish in white enamel and gilt or all gilt finish for $11.00.

Other beds as cheap as $2.50.

Instructions and started the design of a bridge a year ago, and since then has begun construction. The bridge, which is described below, from information forwarded us by Mr

The Best Bib Overall
Two Horse

"THE

A New Pair
FREE
If They Rip
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
MFRS., SAN FRANCISCO

Forcing the concrete, come from Colorado. It should be gratifying to local engineers to know that Arizona can claim the designing, engineering and construction of the bridge, which is a part of the territorial highway. Too often outside talent is called in to supervise work when local engineers, familiar with local conditions, and equally able, are the logical men to solve Arizona's engineering problems.

They complete weigh about 500 pounds, and are local products, having been made at the Arizona Iron Works in Phoenix. These hinges allow the arch-ribs free action in the slight movements up or down caused by expansion or contraction due to changes of temperature or when eccentric loads are on the arch. A

smaller beams. On top of all these small arches and beams lies the floor-slab. The floor is 5 inches

lead too deeply into a dry engineering and mechanical discussion.

On top of each pier are two columns.

Tempo bridge, including the foundations, is entirely built of concrete. All the foundations rest on solid rock, and in some cases it was necessary to dig down over forty feet.

full consideration of this action would

mi- influence of the roadway, where it is 7 inches thick. A layer of bitulithic paving will be placed on the floor and rolled. This will give the surface

streets

are columns or posts 12 inches square and of different heights so that their tops are level with the curb which runs from the roadway.

The floor is about six feet wider

maintained between the

spaces between them. Connecting the tops of the balusters is a hand rail 5 inches wide and 4 inches thick.

of ten feet are larger posts 8 inches square which strengthen the railing and break the monotony of the long line of small posts. These small posts will be molded in forms on the ground beforehand. When the curb is being built, the balusters will be set in place and the curb molded around their lower ends and the handrail molded around their tops. At points directly over each pier are still larger posts in the railing at each side of the roadway. These posts are 8 by 12 inches. On top of the arch will be iron lamp posts, each of which will carry a single electric globe. Near the ends of the bridge there will be large ornamental concrete columns, at the tops of which will be a cluster of five electric light globes, somewhat like those now used on the streets of Phoenix. Insulated conduits under the floor of the bridge will carry the wires for these lights.
Excepting the lower portions of the piers, all parts of the bridge are reinforced with steel rods inside the concrete is well known, and each part of the bridge, piers, beams, arches, posts, columns, brackets and floor, is made of such size that each will carry the probable load or weight which might come upon it. In figuring the strength of different parts of a structure, a factor of safety of three or four is used. Factor of safety is a technical term and it means the ratio between the breaking strength of a material and the strength assigned to it in actual use. For example, if a cube of certain concrete 4 inches square would just support a weight of 3200 lbs. without crushing, in figuring the strength of this cube against crushing, we would use a factor of safety of four, thus making the allowable load on the cube be only 800 lbs. The factor of safety might be called a margin of safety.
At present eight of the twelve piers have been completed, including the south abutment, and work will soon begin on the arch-ribs.

It is a pleasant trip of nine miles from Phoenix to the bridge site, and well worth while to see the construction and get a few interesting and instructive points from the genial bridge engineer, Mr. J. C. Ryan.
The Tempe bridge will be among the very largest arch type of bridges in the world. The use of arches in a bridge allows the building of much longer spans than in the beam or girder besides giving the bridge a much more graceful and artistic appearance. There are several bridges now in use which have spans of 400 feet.
Governor Dix of New York has ordered the state food investigation commission to continue its work of looking into the causes of the high cost of living. The investigators will pursue methods in making prices. It is the purpose to continue investigation of the wholesale grocers and commission merchants after the retailer has been looked over.

Uncle Sam

Under the Roosevelt Dam

WHERE THE WATER FLOWS
AND ALFALFA GROWS"

Over $600,000
WORTH OF
CHANDLER
RANCH
LANDS

months nearly all of which has been purchased by California ranchers and fruit growers, who are selling out in the choicest sections of California and buying Chandler ranch lands. We do not need to say any more. This fact alone proves that Chandler Ranch Lands are the best buy in the southwest. All of this land has been sold surrounding the new townsite of Chandler. More sales are being made every day. Not a lot has been sold yet but they will soon be offered for sale. If you are looking for a location in any line of business it will pay you to investigate at once. Street and cement work is now being done; a two-story concrete and brick hotel and store buildings will soon be erected and other improvements made, making Chandler one of the best towns in this rich agricultural section surrounded by busy mining regions. ALFALFA, FRUIT AND ORANGE LAND, $100 to $130 an acre. TEN YEARS' TIME. Visit the ranch and see for yourself or send for illustrated booklets.

Mesa Improvement Co., Mesa, Ariz.

PIELS

for backache, rheumatism, kidney or bladder trouble, and urinary irregularities.

Foley's Kidney Pills purify the blood, restore lost vitality and vigor. Sold everywhere.