THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 25, 1910.

$ Altmatt & Co.

5th avenue, 34th and 35th streets, New York

WILL SHORTLY ISSUE THEIR CATALOGUE No. 102
FOR THE FALL AND WINTER SEASONS,
A COPY OF WHICH WILL BE MAILED UPON REQUEST.

NOTICE PREPAYMENT OF SHIPMENTS
ATTENTION IS DIRECTED TO THE NEW SHIPPING SERVICE.
FOR THE ACCOMMODATION OF PATRONS. DETAILS OF WHICH
ARE CONTAINED IN THIS CATALOGUE.

Gendale
Department
PS
Thirsty
Remember the
"Oasis"
Donofrio's Cream
Served
Pure
Fruit Syrups Used in All Sodas
Buy In Glendale
I have what you want.
Prices are right. I pay
the best prices for farm produce.
Satisfaction guaranteed at
C. L. Gillett
Dry Goods and Groceries.
GLENDALE, ARIZONA.
R. F. Stauffer
Staple and Fancy
Groceries
We solicit your business
General Merchandise
and shippers of all
kinds of Valley
Produce. G. F. ENGLEHARDT
Glendale - Congress J;
HOTEL GLENWOOD
Leading Hotel of Glendale. With all modern
accommodations. Meals
served family style.
A. W. Bennett, Prop.
Glendale State
Bank
is attending strictly to
its line of business in
the Glendale country.

THE OASIS
DISTRIBUTERS
Miss Lottie Fornoy
Correspondent

THE BASEBALL RECORD
AMERICAN.
At Philadelphia R H E
Cleveland 1 6 1
Philadelphia 3 4 2
Batteries: Kalcr and Landis; Bender
and Thomas.
At Washington R H E
Chicago 2 6 2
Washington 3 9 1
Batteries: Olmstead and Block;
Gray and Ainsworth. (Ten innings.)
At Boston R H E
St. Louis 2 4 2
Boston 5 11 0
Batteries: Hall and Killifer; Hunt
Kleinow and Carrigan.
At New York R H E
Detroit 0 6 0
New York 5 8 0
Batteries: Donovan and Stallard;
Vaughn and Criger.
NATIONAL.
At Chicago R H E
Boston 1 4 0
Chicago 11 9 0
A tiny, chocolate-coated tonic laxative tablet that gives VIGOR and
health to the STOMACH, LIVER and
BOWELS, thereby curing
Sick headache Biliousness
Sallow Complexion Torpid Liver
Dyspepsia Jaundice
Indigestion Heartburn ..
Loss of Appetite Pimples
Sour Stomach Dizziness
Nausea Foul Breath
Take only one "VIGORET" at bed
time and they will move the bowels
gently, yet thoroughly, each day and
permanently cure
CHRONIC CONSTIPATION
They cool, cleanse and purify the
blood and are sold by all druggists in
25c packages (50 tablets) and 10c trial
size (15 tablets).
Belmont School
(FOR BOYS)
We aim to do for the moral, physical and intellectual well
being of its boys what every thoughtful parent most wishes to
have done. Its location beyond the diversions and temptations of town or city, the fineness of its climate, the beauty
of its buildings and grounds, the rare and attractiveness of the surrounding country are most helpful aids. Our new
dormitory with cement plaster finish, Spanish tile roof, white
tiled bath and shower rooms, steam heated and electric lighted.
Is unsurpassed for beauty, comfort and healthfulness. Ask
our patrons, our graduates and our boys about us, and write
us for particulars.
WM. T. REID, A. M. (Harvard) Head-Master
W.T. REID, JR., A. M. (Harvard) Ass't Head-Master.
Don't Miss
Jones'
Clean
Sweep
Sale
Attractive
Bargains
It will pay you to
note prices in our
windows . . .
Jones Dry
Goods Co.

Batteries: Curtis, Evans, Graham
and Raridan; Richie and Kling.
At St. Louis R H E
New York 1 4 9
St. Louis 2 6 0
Batteries: Ames and Schlei; Lush
and Phelps.
At Cincinnati R H E
Brooklyn 0 3 0
Cincinnati 19 0 0
Batteries: Rucker and Bergen
Rowan and McLean. (Ten innings.)
At Pittsburgh R H E
Philadelphia 10 10 2
Pittsburgh 5 12 3
Batteries: Ewing and Moran; Adams,
Lever and Gibson.
COAST.
At San Francisco
Los Angeles 2 7 0
Oakland 4 7 0
Batteries: Criger and Smith; Christian and Altze.
At Los Angeles R H E
Vernon 1 6 0
Sacramento 1 5 0
Batteries: Raleigh and Brown;
Nourse and LaLongc.
At Portland R H E
San Francisco 3 9 0
Portland 6 11 0
Batteries: Stewart and Berry; Seaton and Murray.

SUICIDES OF CHILDREN.
Twenty-Nine Youngsters Ended Lives
in Last Census Year.
Following suicides of two young
people in our state institutions, the
Medical and Surgical Journal points
out that child suicides are by no
means uncommon, says the Boston
Transcript. The census of 1900 showed that more of these crimes against
self are committed between the ages
of 40 and 44 than at any other period; yet between the ages of 5 and
14 there were 29 suicides in the census year, and between the ages of 15
and 19 the surprising number of 246.
In Prussia 1,152 children took their
lives between 1880 and 1903. "In
about 10 per cent of the cases no
cause could be found," and in very
many instances the causes seemed
trivial. Doubtless they did not so
appear to the unfortunates, since all
that we can learn of these youths
warrants the conclusion that half of
them were in some respect abnormal.
Indeed, of 284 cases studied by Euchenburg, 29 had pronounced insanity
and 51 showed a feebleness of mental
constitution. When one has named
these significant facts, however, one
must follow, as the Journal does, with
the larger truth that "our knowledge
of the child's mind is eminently incomplete." In the interest of justice,
as well as charity, we must realize
that the life of the child is not necessarily Elysian; that rather childhood is a period of intense feelings
and repressions and often of black
misapprehensions and emotions. The
conditions underlying the painful occurrences which the newspapers sometimes have to chronicle are as well
worth study, therefore, as any psychopathic problem that could be
named.

SOLUTION OF TIRE PROBLEM.
Every maker and owner of automobiles will be deeply interested in
the news from Germany, by way of
Washington, that a retired army officer has at last, done what many experts have long tried to do—devised
a method of eliminating the pneumatic tire, says the Boston Journal.
The "discovery" is received with incredulity by the makers of automobiles, but if it should prove to be
well founded its importance can hardly be overestimated.
According to the United States government reports, the retired German
officer has shifted the point of elasticity to the axles of the wheels by
an angle lever system, and with astonishing results. The inventor, we
are informed, uses ship's cables for his own tires, but with wooden wheels
he has been able to maintain an elastic course over cobblestones and country roads. The jolts, it is claimed,
are no longer up and down, the car
moving forward and backward in a
horizontal plane.
The steadily increasing cost of rubber tires has meant much to the
makers and owners of automobiles.
Although incredulous at present, they
will greet with great joy confirmatory
evidence that the German has succeeded in solving a problem over
which scores have been laboring in
vain.
If the problem has not yet been
solved, it will be, sooner or later.
There can be no doubt of that. Too
much is at stake and too many are
engaged in hunting for the solution.

DIATOMITE.
Diatoms are tiny creatures that
multiply very rapidly until they form
scum upon the surface of the water in many parts of the world, says
Harper's Weekly. They are rarely
more than one-hundredth part of an
inch in diameter and often considerably less. Their shells are composed
of silica, and these shells are well
known to the microscopist on account of their great beauty.
When the little creatures die the
shells sink to the bottom of the
stream or pond, where they form a
kind of siliceous mud, and there are vast deposits of this material in various parts of the earth. This infusorial earth, as it is called, has
been christened diatomite, and it is
being used for a variety of purposes
under the name kieselguhr. It is
employed as a vehicle or absorbent
for nitroglycerine, and the resultant
paste is dynamite. Diatomite is an
excellent non-conductor of heat, and
in this capacity it is used for filling
the hollow interiors of the walls of
safes, as a lining for stoves and furnaces and as a covering for steam
pipes and boilers. For such purposes
as these it has an advantage over
asbestos in the matter of price and
also of weight.
It can be made into bricks or abs by
the addition of a small
quantity of lime or clay, and these
bricks can be raised to a white heat
without showing any signs of fusion.
Diatomite occurs in great quantities in the United States, in Prussia,
parts of Scotland, in Canada, and
to a lesser degree, in western Australia and New Zealand.

Let Me Send You
A Treatment of My
Catarrh Cure Free

C. E. GAUSS
I Will Take Any Case of Catarrh, No
Matter How Chronic, or What
Stage It Is In, and Prove ENTIRELY AT MY OWN
EXPENSE, That It
Can Be Cured.
Curing Catarrh has been my business for years, and during this time
over one million people have come to
me from all over the land for treatment and advice. My method
is original. I cure the disease by first
curing the cause. Thus my combined
treatment cures where all else fails.
I can demonstrate to you in just a
few days' time that my method is
quick, sure and complete, because it
rids the system of the poisonous
germs that cause catarrh. Send your
name and address at once to C. E.
Gauss, and he will send you the
treatment referred to. Fill out the
coupon below.
FREE
This coupon is good for a package of GAUSS COMBINED CATARRH CURE sent free by mail.
Simply fill in name and address
on dotted lines below, and mail to
C. E. GAUSS, 510 Main St., Marshall, Mich.
To-
MAKING THE DUMB SPEAK
Scripture remarks that the following exercises are typical of those
used in the best schools for deaf
mutes: Breathing through the nose and mouth are first taught, says the
New York Medical Journal. The
teacher breathes through the nose on
a slate or a mirror and shows the
two moist spots, the child learns to
imitate this. The mouth breathing
produces one full tip. The low position of the tongue is necessary for proper
speech. It is taught by showing the
position and using the mirror, and by
a breath exercise. This latter rests
upon the fact that the child cannot
produce a good-sized spot on the
slate unless he keeps his tongue down.
Tongue gymnastics are next, used to
limber up and train the muscles
which have never received the proper
development. The tongue is protruded, retracted, moved to each side,
turned up, etc. Tongue training preparatory to various consonant sounds
is introduced. Vibration of the vocal
cords is taught by feeling. The pupil puts his hand on the teacher's
chest and also on his own. He thus
learns to make a tone. He learns
to raise and lower the voice and by
careful drill is able to make a fairly
good tone.
The physiological alphabet consists
of a set of diagrams giving the typical position of the tongue and lips
for the chief sounds of the language.
Combinations of consonants and vowels are now read at sight. Through
these combinations words and sentences are developed. Lip reading of
words and sentences is taught by
having the patient watch the teacher's lips while she distinctly enunciates some word. Thus he learns
to pick up objects off a table, to
point out parts of the body, to obey
commands, etc. When deafness is acquired after the person has learned
to speak, the teaching of lip reading
should begin at once. The voice then
retains its natural character and the
person can go right along with his
education.

MAN'S RESPECT FOR ANIMALS.
If we have any belief at all in a
difference of moral faculty between
ourselves and the animals we must
recognize that we are, so far as our
powers over nature will permit, overseers of other forms of life upon the
earth, not merely for our own advantage, but for the good of the
universe. We cannot deny that the
struggle for life exists and that we
must take part in it and do our best
to destroy those forms of life which
are hostile to ourselves, says the
London Times. We cannot go so far
in respect for life as to found a society for the prevention of cruelty to
bacilli. But at the same time our
respect for life is a sign of our triumph, however imperfect, over the
struggle for life; and the greater this
respect becomes the more we are
conscious of "the promise and significance of all life and the less
we are beasts, involved in the blind
waste of nature?"
Very slowly and imperfectly this
sense of the promise and significance
of all life shows itself. It is not only
an intellectual but also a religious
and emotional one. It appears
first in men like St. Francis with a
prophetic sense of a nobler state of
being. From them it is communicated
by the beauty of their example,
rather than by argument, to other
men; and perhaps when it has become a matter of course in all civilized human beings we shall find that
it is of practical value and it will
attain to a scientific justification.

AT THE NATIONAL MATCH
The Territorial Team Took the Prize
in Class C.

Camp Perry, Ohio, Aug. 21. (Special.) The Arizona rifle team finished
twenty-third in the national match defeating West Virginia. Maryland, Indiana, Connecticut, Utah, Georgia, North
Dakota, Tennessee, Delaware, Virginia,
Kentucky, Mississippi, Florida, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Missouri, Arkansas and New Mexico, and winning the
prize in class C, which is $200 and a
bronze medal.

TENNIS TOURNAMENT.
The National Championship to Be
Settled Today.
Newport R. I., Aug. 24. For the
second time in his career, Beals C.
Wright of Boston met defeat today
in the final round to all comers at
the lawn tennis tournament on the
Casino courts here. Thomas C. Bundy
of Los Angeles beating him 6-3, 6-5, 10-8 in the final match.
Tomorrow the brilliant young Pacific coast player will meet the champion, William A. Larned of Summit,
N. J. to decide the national title for
the coming year.

WOMEN PLAN A MODEL VILLAGE. Concrete Houses With Flowers and
Garden for Poor of Los Angeles
A model village, within the 5-cent
car fare limit, built by women and
conducted by them, where the poor
may, for the same price they now
pay for a miserable, insanitary court
dwelling, obtain a concrete home,
sunny, clean, sanitary, with a bit of
garden, where they may grow their
vegetables and flowers. This is what
is to be accomplished by Los Angeles' women.
"We hope to make the village,"
said Mrs. Rundel. "It will be an example of what women may accomplish.
"As now outlined, the houses will
be built by clubs or individuals, each
house to be marked with the name
of the donor. If a man wishes to
give a house, let him name it for his
wife. The house would, I believe,
have to become the property of the
city, but the government could entirely remain with the women, acting
with the housing commission of the
city."
The plan, as outlined by the club
woman and which will be discussed
at the coming meeting, when means
of financing will be taken up, includes building the houses with
space for gardens. From the rental
of the houses, it is believed, a sufficient sum could be obtained not
only to pay for the actual maintenance, but cover the expense of a
district nurse, whose business it
would be to teach the inmates to
adopt American methods and live in
cleanly, hygienic manner.
"As soon as one hundred children
are gathered in the district," said
one of the club women, yesterday, "a
school will be given to us. The work
would be one of sympathetic philanthropy, for every club, or individual,
who builds a house will take pride
in it, also a personal interest in those
who live in it." Los Angeles Examiner.

NOTICE OF ASSESSMENT.
New York Coalinga Oil Company
Principal Place of Business,
Phoenix, Arizona.
Notice is hereby given, that at a
meeting of the directors, held on
Tuesday, the 2nd day of July, 1910.
an assessment of nine cents per
share was levied upon the capital
stock of the corporation, payable on
the 8th day of August, 1910, to the
undersigned secretary at 280 Elm
Ave., Pasadena, California. Any
stock upon which this assessment
shall remain unpaid on the 15th day
of September, 1910, will be delinquent
and advertised for sale at public auction, and unless payment is made
before, will be sold on the 10th day
of October, 1910, to pay the delinquent assessment, together with costs
of advertising and expenses of sale.
JOE D. LANNING.
Secretary.
280 Elm Avenue, Pasadena, Calif.
Proposals for subsistence, feed, electrical and plumbing supplies, hardware, fuel, oil, etc., United States Indian School, Phoenix, Arizona, Aug.
8, 1910. Sealed proposals plainly
marked on the outside of the envelope
"Proposals for subsistence, etc.," and
addressed to the undersigned at Phoenix, Arizona, will be received at the
Indian School until 2 o'clock p. m.
of August 31, 1910, for furnishing and
delivering at the school as required
during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1911, 4,000 barrels fuel oil, about 90,000 pounds potatoes, 15,000 pounds
onions, 8,000 pounds dried fruit, 5,000
pounds barley, 125 reams paper, 1,150
electric lamps, wire, cord, tape, etc.,
water heaters, 300 feet of pipe,
valves, unions, tees, etc., 1,055 pounds
colors, 62 gallons paint and varnish,
plumbers' hardware, etc., etc., as per
list and specifications obtainable at
the school. For further information,
apply to Charles W. Goodman, Superintendent.

Sale of Camp Bowie abandoned Military reservation. Department of the
Interior, General Land Office, Washington, July 19, 1910. Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions
of the act of July 5, 1884 (23 Stats.
103), that the agricultural and grazing
lands in the Camp Bowie abandoned
military reservation, Arizona, comprising 258 tracts, containing 10,415.96
acres, will be offered at public sale
at not less than the appraised price,
which ranges from $1.25 to $2.50 per
acre. The sale will take place on the
reservation commencing at 9 o'clock
a.m. October 10, 1910, and will be
conducted by the Register and Receiver of the U. S. land office, Phoenix, Arizona. The tracts will be offered by smallest legal subdivision,
approximately 40 acres, in the order
in which they appear on the list in

Strong, Healthy Women
If a woman is strong and healthy in a womanly way, motherhood means to her but little suffering. The trouble lies
in the fact that many women suffer from weakness and
disease of the distinctly feminine organism and are unfitted
for motherhood. This can be remedied.

Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription
Cures the weaknesses and disorders of women
It acts directly on the delicate and important
organs concerned in motherhood, making them

healthy, strong, vigorous, virile and elastic.
"Favorite Prescription" banishes the indispositions of the
period of expectancy and makes baby's advent easy and
almost painless. It quickens and vitalizes the feminine

organs, and insures a healthy and robust baby. Thousands of women have
testified to its marvelous merits.
Makes Weak Women Strong. It Makes Sick Women Well.
Honest druggists do not offer substitutes, and urge them upon you as "just
as good." Accept no secret nostrum in place of this non-secret remedy. It
contains not a drop of alcohol and not a grain of habit-forming or injurious
drugs. Is a pure glyceric extract of healing, native American roots.

Dwight
S. E. Cor. Center and Adams,
Wm
Mis
Grand

Tonight the Gorgeous Spectacular, Grand Production, of
"Damon and Pythias"
Everything New and Special for This Show
The Event of the Season!

UNSURPASSED COOKING
Our meals are prepared by experienced cooks. Give us a trial.
The English Kitchen
44 and 45 E. ADAMS ST.

after paying taxes and insurance is
what you can
invest in property
with ease
EASY TERMS

B. Heard
Phoenix
Theatre

LEGAL NOTICE-
Mineral Application No. 011633,
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona, June 28, 1910. Notice is hereby given that the Phoenix Gold Mining Company, by its Attorney In Fact,
Fen S. Hildreth, whose post office address is Phoenix, Arizona, has made
application for patent to the Phoenix
and "West Side lode claims and Phoenix and West Side Mill Sites, Mineral
Survey No. 2727 A & B, in Cave Creek
Mining District, Maricopa County, Arizona, described as follows: Phoenix
lode: Beginning at Cor. No. 1, whence
U. S. L. M. No. 1, Cave Creek District,
bears S. 54 degrees 46 minutes E. 362.39
feet; thence S. 53 degrees 47 minutes
W. 1400.77 feet to Cor. No. 2; thence
N. 39 degrees 22 minutes W. 600 feet
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 54 degrees
10 minutes E. 1401.25 feet to Cor. No.
4; thence S. 39 degrees 22 minutes E.
590.48 feet to Cor. No. 1, the place of
beginning, containing 19.112 acres.
West Side lode: Beginning at Cor. No.
1, whence U. S. L. M. No. 1, Cave
Creek District, bears S. 41 degrees 36
minutes E. 986.81 feet; thence S. 54
degrees 10 minutes W. 1461.25 feet to
Cor. No. 2; thence N. 36 degrees 7
minutes W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3;
thence N. 54 degrees 10 minutes E.
1461.25 feet to Cor. No. 4; thence S.
36 degrees 7 minutes E. 600 feet to
Cor. No. 1, the place of beginning, containing 20.127 acres. Phoenix Mill
Site: Beginning at Cor. No. 1, whence
U. S. L. M. No. 1, Cave Creek District,
bears S. 45 degrees 23 minutes E. 1635.93 feet; thence S. 48 degrees
20 minutes W. 346.76 feet to Cor. No.
2; thence N. 55 degrees 35 minutes
W. 490.34 feet to Cor. No. 3; thence
N. 39 degrees 9 minutes E. 329.73 feet
to Cor. No. 4; thence S. 57 degrees 25
minutes E. 543.30 feet to Cor. No. 1,
the place of beginning, containing
3.878 acres. West Side Mill Site: Beginning at Cor. No. 1, whence U. S.
L. M. No. 1, Cave Creek District, bears
S. 57 degrees 10 minutes E. 1694.10
feet; thence S. 48 degrees 20 minutes
W. 418.94 feet to Cor. No. 2; thence
N. 57 degrees 25 minutes W. 378.97 feet
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 52 degrees
6 minutes E. 418.87 feet to Cor. No. 4;
thence S. 55 degrees 35 minutes E.
480.34 feet to Cor. No. 1, the place of
beginning, containing 4.110 acres. All
said lode claims and mill sites being
situated in the Cave Creek Mining
District, Maricopa County, Arizona, in
approximately T. 7 N., R. 4 E., un-
surveyed, Gila and Salt River Base and
Meridian. The adjoining claims are.
Northeast: By the Mashackety and
Columbia lodes, Survey No. 2685, and
the Phoenix Mill Site, Survey No. 753,
and surrounded on other sides by the
Public Domain. The areas in conflict
are: Phoenix lode conflicts with Maricopa, lode, Survey No. 752; 17.447 acres,
and Phoenix Mill Site conflicts with
Phoenix Mill Site, Survey No. 753, 1.131
acres. The locations of these claims
are recorded in the Mining Records of
Maricopa County, as follows: Phoenix
lode, in Book 1 of Records of Mines,
Pages 245 and 246. West Side lode, in
Book 5 of Records of Mines, Pages 55
and 57. Phoenix Mill Site, in Book 20
of Mines, Pages 212 and 213. West Side
Mill Site, in Book 20 of Mines, Page
213. FRANK H. PARKER;
Register.