b ' 4.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 29, 1910.
PROGRESS OF WORK
California Schools and Colleges
ON CENTER ST. BRIDGE
THE SUPERVISORS VISIT THE
SITE.
They Deny That They Heard the Con
struction Was Faulty.
FIFTH FLOOR, HAMBURGER BLDG., LOS ANGELES, CAL.
Oldest and largest in Southwest. Cool, spacious rooms for summer school

558

Thq members of the board of su
pervisors, accompanied by Dwight B.
Heard and a couple of newspapermen,
yesterday visited the operations at the
bridge site. The expedition was taken
at the suggestion of Mr. Heard and
was made by him because of a rumor
published in the evening papers the
night before that the construction was
faulty and that the supervisors were
going yesterday to appoint an inspector.
The supervisors said that the story
was without foundation, that they
had heard of no complaint regarding
the work, but on the contrary they
had heard that it was being carried
on according to contract and that it
had received the fullest approval of
Engineer Jaeger of the Santa Fe and
Engineer McClure of the Southern Pa
cific, who said that a bridge was build
ing that would stand for all time.
Foreman Lee of the Mercereau
Bridge Company was naturally indig
nant at the rumor that the work was
being slighted and said yesterday that
he would welcome the closest inspec
tion. In some respects, he said, the
terms of the contract had been ex
ceeded; that is, more concrete work
was being put in than was called for
by the plans.
Mr. Lee said that the story would
not injure his company, whose reputa
tion in California had been established
on the character of its work, and that
it had attained such a standing that
much of its work was being done there
without contracts. But he would have
no objection to the appointment of an
inspector by the board or as many in
spectors as the board might desire.
Mr. Parker, a brother of the junior
member of the firm of Mayberry &
Parker, the architects of the bridge, is
representing that firm as inspector and
he said yesterday that the interests of
the county were naturally the inter
ests of the company. He said, too, that
further inspection by the county would
be welcomed.
The Republican a few days ago de
scribed in detail the placing of the
piers which is now still farther ad
vanced. There will be forty-one of these
piers exclusive of the abutments, which
will be massive. The concrete work on
the north abutment has been raised
to a height of four feet and so that
work is now going rapidly forward.
This abutment is to be flanked both
above and below by reinforced con
crete work for a long distance, so that
there will not be the slightest danger
that the water will make inroads up
on it.
On the first pier, the concrete work
on top of the piles has been brought
above the surface and the forms were
being put in place yesterday for its
further growth. It will be raised to a
height of eighteen feet above the surf
ace. The excavation for the piers is fif
teen feet deep and caissons are let
down to that depth and kept clear of
water by means of an eight-inch pump.
The caissons are square, five feet and
nine inches. They are set in obliquely
and the piles, five to each caisson, are
driven in one in each corner and one in
the middle. The piles are driven by
a 3200-pound weight to a depth of from
ten to twelve feet below the bottom
of the excavation, or they are driven
until there is a danger of "brooming."
But at any rate, they go to a depth
of twenty-two feet below the lowest
level of the river, a seemingly unnec
essary depth since investigation has
shown that the river has never scoured
a greater depth than six feet below
the level.
The piles are cut off three feet below
the bottom of the excavation and the
pier is then built up to the surface with
reinforced concrete. Of course the
great strength of the piers is in the
ends but they are connected by a net
work of steel and concrete to minimize
further danger of "shearing."
The pile driving for the second pier
was finished yesterday while the vis
itors were present. The water was
thrown out by the huge pump and the
work of sawing the piles off was be
gun, making them ready for the con
crete work. Meanwhile the excavation
for the other piers was going on.
Mr. Lee said that the work might
seem slow to an outsider and it was
necessarily so at the present stage. It
will be carried on more rapidly when
a half dozen of the piers are under
way so that the bridge building force
can be "strung out." At present many
of the skilled men brought from the
coast are employed at work that a dol
lar and a half a day man could do just
as well. There is not room yet for all
of the experts, but by the latter part
of next week there will be enough piers
in process of building to give them
room according to their strength.
Mr. Lee added that the bridge would
be completed before the time mentioned
in the contract.
All the Indians quit yesterday to go
back to their farms, but Agent Alex
ander said that their places would be
taken at once by other Indians and
that in the course of a month, after
the crops are all out of the way he
can furnish all the help that will be
required.
The Indians are allowed $1.50 a day.
Mr. Lee, in speaking of aboriginal la
bor said it was as good as the best
unskilled labor. There were three rea
sons he said why the average Indian
laborer was better than the average
Mexican laborer. In the first place the
Indian loses no time lighting cigarettes,
a process that eats into the working
day of the Mexican; second, the Indian
loses no time talking either among
themselves or to others, while the Mex
ican is a "palaverer"; in the third
place, when an Indian has been taught
to do a thing he needs no watching,
for he has never learned to "soldier."
o
Get your glasses here, then you will
feel better after your summer's vaca
tion. "Ours fit in every detail."
Swigert Bros., 17 E. Adams St. Phone
Red 2641. gb