THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN; WEDNESDAY MORNING, JULY 5,

4

CHARLES B. BOOTHE & CO.
MINING and MILLING MACHINERY
RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.

THE CO. goes a

Among companies lately re-organized and registered under the laws of Arizona is the Arizona United Copper Mining company, with a capital stock of $10,000,000. It is stated that the company owns claims covering thirty-five acres in Pima county, Arizona. Another statement made in connection with this company, which is of more than ordinary interest, is that "one of the claims is on a hill 225 feet high, which, by actual measurement shows 2,500,000 cubic yards of copper and silver ores, or about 8,000,000 tons."

Now if these eight million tons will run even only 10 per cent in copper the company have 800,000 tons of copper in that one claim, and as copper, at the present time is worth $300 a ton it is as evident as the nose on a man's face that the company have $240,000,000 worth of copper in that 225-foot hill. That is a hill worth having if figures don't lie. Los Angeles Mining Review.

Mr. John. A. Fairchild of this city, president of the South Bisbee Copper Mining company of Arizona, accompanied by Mr. T. E. Rowan, Mr. H. W. Lewis and Dr. C. B. Jones, directors in the company, have returned to Los Angeles from a visit to the mines at Bisbee. President Fairchild, who was called upon by a representative of the Mining Review, said: "We found everything running fairly satisfactorily, and have every reason to be satisfied with the work that has been done and with the prospects of the mine. We shall sink the main shaft to a depth of 720 feet and then run drifts from the 500, 600 and 700-foot levels. All work has from the beginning been systematically pursued, one of our principal objects having been to determine the extent of our ore bodies, and our late visit to the properties has further convinced me that we shall not be disappointed in them." Los Angeles Mining Review.

Dan W. Mitchell, half owner of the Copper Cave and Apache prospects, was a Bisbee visitor yesterday. These holdings are situated about midway between here and Tombstone, and it is said that over $14,000 have been expended on development work. The outlook for a big strike is good. Tombstone Prospector.

The St. Louis Gold Recovery company has doubled the capacity of their plant at Mammoth and are now assaying 240 tons of tailings daily.

A gentleman just in from the Twin Buttes, where the Martinique company is operating, states that a large body of azurite ore has been encountered at a depth of 400 feet, where the late projected tunnel tapped the ledge. Peter O'Dea, the superintendent, informed his people from the beginning that they had something or nothing, and following up his theory, it is evident that Mr. O'Dea knew what he was about, as our informant states that the extent of the high grade ore body has not as yet been ascertained. Tucson Citizen.

The San Xavier mines are cutting down on their ore shipments preparatory to erecting concentrating works. The machinery will be on the ground in a few days. Tucson Star.

There has been wonderful progress at Helvetia since the mines were purchased in March by the present owners. There are now two stage lines running to the camp and a post office will soon be established there. The company owns twenty-nine claims all together. Tucson Star.

An important copper find is reported twenty miles west of Tucson. A mammoth vein of a paying grade of copper at present ruling prices of the metal.

The heirs of W. M. Jacobs, a well known assayer of Tucson, are to come into a big thing in settlement with St. Louis parties, who are to pay, conventionally, $100,000 for the Ajo copper property, eighty-eight miles west of Tucson.

NEW ORGANIZATIONS.

An interesting report by one of our consuls is attracting wide attention. It gives an account (though an inadequate one) of a new form of industrial organization, a form that combines certain features of the trust with new principles of a philanthropic character. There is quite a movement in Great Britain in the direction of the new idea, and practical captains of industry are supporting it as eminently practical and advantageous. The intention is to benefit capital and labor alike, to do away with disastrous strikes as well as with ruinous competition. The originator of the scheme is a Birmingham employer, E. D. Smith, and at a recent meeting a vote of thanks for his efforts was moved by Joseph Chamberlain.

The principles and methods of the plan may be briefly indicated. All those pursuing a given trade are invited to become members of a trust or "alliance," the latter being the technical term chosen. No one is barred out, wherein the alliance differs from the trust, which usually leaves some concerns out of the cold. The first task of the alliance is to prevent manufacturing being carried on at a loss. An investigation is made of the cost of production; that determined, a per cent is added to the wages commanded by labor, on the theory that the unorganized trades' wages are at all times lower than they should be. The next thing is to fix a rate of profit for capital, and this, added to the total cost, forms the minimum selling price.

If conditions warrant, the rate of profit is increased, but this cannot be done without a formal decision of a board on which the workmen have equal representation. Any increase in profits carries with it an advance in wages, yet experience has already shown that the employees are not at all anxious to obtain bonuses, and prefer settled and stable conditions in the trade. All occasion for lockouts, strikes and friction is claimed to be removed by the mutualism secured by this plan, while the consumers have little to complain of since only a reasonable profit is expected and the trade is left open to any one.

Twenty trades have been organized into such alliances, and if we are to believe such witnesses as Mr. Chamberlain, the results of this social experiment have been truly marvelous. Whether the scheme is applicable to great industries may be doubted, but in any case much good can be accomplished under it. In Mr. Smith's own trade, manufacturing, the plan has worked well. Wages have been raised, profits have grown larger, and the demand for the articles has kept pace with increased production. It ought to be tried in the United States. Chicago Post.

SICK HEADACHES.

The curse of overworked womankind, are quickly and surely cured by Karl's Clover Root Tea, the great blood purifier and tissue builder. Money refunded if not satisfactory. Price 25 cents and 50 cents. Dr. G. H. Keefer, Druggist.

GENERAL HENRY W. LAWTON.

The success of General Lawton in his operations around Las Piñas and Zapote bridge is even greater than was at first thought. General Cass says that he dislodged from their strong field works insurgents numbering over 4,000, with a very large loss to them in killed, wounded and captured. In retreating from the Zapote the enemy made one stand at Bacoor, but kept on to Imus as a rallying point.

This valuable exploit is one more proof that the government made no mistake in sending Lawton to the Philippines. Entering the service at the very outset of the Civil War as sergeant of an Indiana infantry regiment, Lawton fought all through that war, coming out as lieutenant colonel, with a brevet of colonel for gallant and meritorious services. He then entered the regular army with the very modest rank of second lieutenant in an infantry regiment, and was transferred to the cavalry, where he greatly distinguished himself in Indian fighting, his chase of Geronimo in the Sierra Madre making him famous. His appointment as major in the inspector general's department was a practical acknowledgment of these field services.

When our war with Spain broke out Colonel Lawton was at once looked to as one of the officers to be relied upon, and he proved his worth at Santiago, while his transfer from Cuba to Manila was another mark of the confidence placed in him. His expedition south of Laguna Bay, his bold march to San Isidro, his operations around Morong and his latest victory in Cavite province form a record of activity and skill. His commission as major general was dated last July, and he is the second ranking officer in the Philippines, where other laurels are, we may believe, in store for him. New York Sun.

THE DROUGHT IN NEW YORK.

Never since a scientific weather record was established in New York has there been so long continued a drought as that which has afflicted this region during the last eighty days. The total rainfall since April 1 has been only 2.40 inches in the city, while in many parts of the surrounding country it has been much less. In some places nothing at all. Last year in April and May it was 8.78 inches.

Under a fierce sun which has added excessive heat to extreme dryness the gardens round about have been parched into complete unfruitfulness; the orchards, laden with young fruit, have been withered for want of moisture, and even the forest trees have been helplessly shedding their leaves in June as if it were mid-autumn.

Fifty years ago such a drought would have left New York without vegetables or fruit. Today our markets are abundantly supplied, the only difference is that, by means of railroads and steam ships, no great city is dependent upon the country round about for its supplies. California is practically nearer to us now than Poughkeepsie was before the use of steam. And the far south, once so distant that visitors from that region were as rare as Kamchatka's now, lands us a daily supply of vegetables still fresh from the garden when they came upon our tables.

A generation ago, or even half a generation, such a drought would have left New York without water to drink.

THE STATE'S INTEREST IN THE CABLE.

In England opposition has been inaugurated against the Pacific cable on the ground that it would bring the State into competition with private enterprise. The Marquis of Tweeddale, speaking for the Eastern Telegraph Company, brought up this objection before Mr. Chamberlain, the colonial secretary, Sir Michael Hicks Beach, the chancellor of the exchequer and urged it very earnestly, with a great deal of vigor.

The writers, however, were not at all impressed with his argument. Mr. Chamberlain, who began political life as an advanced municipal reformer, materially aided the control of the public in municipal affairs, and he added that it was necessary to have the Pacific cable for reasons of state, which are entirely sufficient. It is exact to have an all-British cable which should connect all parts of the Empire. As a matter of public policy this question is of vital importance. The cable right is one of the most essential parts of the defenses of the empire. A case in which it would be more serviceable to the government in time of war than a fleet of battleships is not hard to imagine. It is thought that, during a period of calamity, the transmission in an hour of information that would otherwise be delayed for a week, might turn defeat into victory.

All governments which have distant possessions must have means of communication, and our own navy profit by Great Britain's example.

THE WHISTLE SPLITTERS.

Tribe of Workers who Wonder Why Their Salaries Are Not Raised.

There is an old joke about the laborer who leaves his pick in the pit and hurries off to dinner when the 12 o'clock whistle blows. He does not care about the pick, it will come down all right, but he does not want the "boss" to have a minute of his time that is not paid for. His noon hour is sixty full minutes, and they begin as soon as the whistle lets out its first toot and lasts until it has exhausted itself at 1 o'clock. This man always has the privilege of working with a pick if the "boss" needs a man very much.

In the factories about town there are always a few employees who come in known as whistle splitters. Their splitting begins in the morning just after the sound of the whistle dies out in a sob. At noon they are out of the door simultaneously with the first blowing of the whistle, and at night they have their coats and dinner buckets all ready to be grasped as soon as the whistle starts to blow. These men see their fellows become foremen or get better positions elsewhere while they stay at the same old wages year by year, because they are too mean to give the "boss" two minutes more of their valuable time than he has paid for. Every one in the shop knows the "whistle splitter." Kansas City Star.

:o:

NOT THE! EQUAL THING.

Little Miss Wayupp Is your butler English?
Little Miss Highupp No. but his clothes is. New York Weekly.

:o:

SOUND ADVICE.

"What are you doing, Thomas?" asked the father of a young man who sat dreamily gazing into space.
"Building air castles, father," replied the visionary youth.
"Quit it, my boy; quit it," said the old man. "You can't mortgage structures of that kind for a cent." Chicago News.

:o:

YOU TRY IT.

If Shiloh's Cough and Consumption Cure, which is sold for the small price of 25 cents, 50 cents and $1, does not cure take the bottle back and we will refund your money. Sold for over fifty years on this guarantee. Price 25 cents and 50 cents. Dr. G. H. Keefer, Druggist.

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
THE ANGLO-AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT COMPANY

Know All Men by These Presents:
That we, C. F. Ainsworth, Louis C. Masten and W. T. Hutchinson, residents of Phoenix, Maricopa County, Arizona Territory, H. William Stevens, a resident of Wilmington, Maricopa County, Arizona Territory, and F. I. Kendall, a resident of Oakland, Alameda County, California, desiring to incorporate under the laws of the Territory of Arizona, do adopt, sign, and acknowledge as described by law these articles of incorporation.

ARTICLE I.
That the names of the incorporators of this corporation are C. F. Ainsworth, F. I. Kendall, Louis C. Masten, W. T. Hutchinson and H. William Stevens.

ARTICLE II.
The name assumed by this corporation and by which it shall be known, and under which title it shall hold its property and transact all its business, is The Anglo-American Development Company.

The main office of such corporation shall be in the City of Phoenix, Maricopa County, Arizona Territory, and branch offices may be established at such other places as its board of directors may desire and determine, that at such branch offices it may also hold meetings of stockholders and directors and transact any and all business in the same manner as at the designated office.

The time of the commencement of this corporation shall be on the date of the filing of these articles in the office of the county recorder of Maricopa County, Arizona, and the termination thereof, twenty-five years from that date.

ARTICLE III.
The purposes and business for which this corporation is formed is the acquisition by purchase, bond, lease or otherwise, of mineral or other properties. The development and sale, leasing, bonding, milling, improving or otherwise working or disposing of any properties, real or personal, that it may acquire in any way. The purchase and sale or dealing in real, personal or mixed property or any kind of stock in other corporations. And in general to transact and do any and all things coincident to and consistent with the proper prosecution of all the purposes as herein set forth.

ARTICLE IV.
The amount of capital stock of this corporation shall be One Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,500,000.00), divided into fifteen thousand shares of the par value of one hundred dollars ($100.00) each, to be paid in cash or property from time to time as subscriptions shall be made for the same; and no stock shall be issued until fully paid, and the same shall be non-assessable thereafter.

ARTICLE V.
The maximum amount of the indebtedness or liabilities of any kind which this corporation shall be authorized to incur at any time, or for which it may be made liable, is the sum of Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00).

ARTICLE VI.
The stockholders of this corporation and their private property shall be at all times exempt from the corporate debts of this corporation.

ARTICLE VII.
The affairs of this corporation shall be conducted by a board of directors composed of not less than three nor more than seven persons, who shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders of this corporation, to be held at the office of the company in Phoenix, Arizona, on the second Monday in January in each year, and shall hold offices until their successors are elected and qualified.

The officers of this corporation shall be a President, Vice-President, Secretary and Treasurer, who shall be elected annually from among the board of directors at a meeting thereof to be held immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholders. The secretary and treasurer may be one and the same person. Any meeting of the directors at which a quorum shall be present, shall be deemed a legal meeting, and their acts shall have the same force and effect as though passed by a full board, whether the absent members of the board had notice of the meeting or not. The president shall be the executive officer of the corporation and sign all conveyances, checks, contracts, and other instruments, and in his absence or inability to act, the vice-president shall perform his duties.

The following named persons who are subscribers to the capital stock of this corporation shall be its officers and directors until their successors are elected and qualified:
C. F. AINSWORTH, President and Director.
F. I. KENDALL, Vice-President and Director.
LOUIS C. MASTEN, Secretary-Treasurer and Director.
H. WM. STEVENS, Director.
W. T. HUTCHINSON, Director.

ARTICLE VIII.
All vacancies that may occur in the board of directors shall be filled until the next annual election by the members of the board of directors remaining in office.

The board of directors of the corporation may appoint such committee or committees, or such business manager or managers, to aid in the management of the business of this corporation, as they may deem expedient, and vest in such managers or committees such powers as the board of directors may deem best.

ARTICLE IX.
No person shall be eligible to the office of director in this corporation unless he is a stockholder at least thirty days previous to the date of his election, and any director or officer ceasing to be a stockholder shall thereupon cease to be a director or officer in the corporation.

As soon as practicable after the filing of these articles of incorporation in the office of the county recorder of Maricopa County, Arizona Territory, the persons hereinbefore named as directors shall meet and adopt by-laws, and at any regularly prescribed meeting of the board of directors, they may make such rules and regulations as they may deem necessary for the proper management of this corporation and its affairs consistent with these articles of incorporation, and in accordance with the law of the United States and the laws of the Territory of Arizona.

ARTICLE X.
The articles of incorporation may be amended at any annual meeting of the shareholders, or any special meeting thereof, called for the purpose by two thirds of the stock represented at such meeting, either in person or by proxy, voting in favor of such amendment proposed, and whenever any amendment of these articles of incorporation shall be made it shall be executed and acknowledged by the president and secretary of the corporation, and filed for record in the office of the county recorder of Maricopa County, Arizona Territory, in the same manner and with like effect as these articles of incorporation.

In witness whereof we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 25th day of March, A. D., 1899.

C. F. AINSWORTH. (seal)
F. I. KENDALL. (seal)
LOUIS C. MASTEN. (seal)
H. WM. STEVENS. (seal)
W. T. HUTCHINSON. (seal)

State of California, City and County of San Francisco, ss.
On this 29th day of March, in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, before me, A. J. Henry, a notary public, in and for the city and county of San Francisco, personally appeared F. I. Kendall, known to me to be the person whose name is subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged that he executed the same.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my office in the City and County of San Francisco, the day and year first above written.
A. J. HENRY, Notary Public.

Territory of Arizona, County of Maricopa, ss.
Before me, M. P. Hutchinson, a notary public in and for said county and territory, on this day personally appeared C. F. Ainsworth, Louis C. Masten, W. T. Hutchinson and H. Wm. Stevens, known to me to be the persons who signed the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes therein mentioned.
M. P. HUTCHINSON, Notary Public.

County Recorder.
Territory of Arizona, County of Maricopa. I, county recorder in and for the county and territory aforesaid, do hereby certify that the within instrument was filed for record at 3:15 o'clock p. m. on the 3d day of April, 1899, and duly recorded in book No. 3 of Corporations, Records of Maricopa County, Arizona, at pages 209-210-211-212.
Witness my hand and official seal this day and year above written.
F. W. SHERIDAN, County Recorder.

351-353 N. Main Street, Los Angeles, Cal.,
Mining Machinery

and

"OIL CITY"
BOILERS AND ENGINES.
"BATES" CORLISS ENGINES.

Crushers, Rolls, Ore Buckets, Whims.
Hoisting Engines, rigid and Friction

THIS MACHINERY AND
FOUNDRY AND
SUBURBAN MACHINE SHOP.
HOSE & HUGHES, Prop.

PHOENIX FOUNDRY
23 to 27 East North
N. P. McCALLUM, -
Machinery, Supplies and Castings.
Machinery of all Kinds Built and Repaired.

SHOWERING COMPLIMENTS
ON THE BEAUTY
of a new style phaeton or buggy, trap,
cart, surrey is what your friends are
sure to do if you choose one of the
superb vehicles that we are showing in
our stock of up-to-date carriages. They
are all beauties, and made with all
the latest improvements, and in the
handsomest designs.
H. E. KEMP
HARDWARE CO.

Now for
Give us a
call, mail
and we will
prove our goods.

ALBERT J. STRAW
PEORIA, - ARIZONA.
JAMES O'CONNOR,
BRICK CONTRACTOR
Estimates given on all kinds of brick
work. Jobbing a specialty.
Box 25. City.

Grand-Avenue
Corral
and
Horse Market

Mountain rigs, nice Driving
rigs for city use, comfortable
phaetons, saddle ponies for rent
by the day or month at reason
able rates.
W. AMBROSE.

Six first-class artists employed.
I call and be convinced. Opposite
the house. Hot and cold baths.

INDISPENSABLE
TO MINING MEN.
$3 PER YEAR, POSTPAID.
SEND FOR SAMPLE COPY.
Mining Scientific Press
330 HARKEN ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.

Now has
Give us a trial.

FOUNDRY SUPPLIES

"SNOW"
MINE PUMPS.
STAMP MILLS.
ELECTRICAL MACHINERY.
MACHINE SHOP.
P. O. BOX 438.
TELEPHONE 67.
and MACHINES WORK
Second. Street.
Proprietor.

PHOENIX SHORT LINE
A. M. P. M. A. M. P. M.
7:35 12:20 Lv Ke'epa. Ar 12:10 6:30
8:50 2:30 To Tempe 11:00 5:50
8:50 2:50 Ar Phoenix..Lv 11:15 6:10
No. 1. No. 2.

PHOENIX..
Temp e
Rivera
Marinda
Wilmot ...
Antelope ...
AT.
8:01
8:35
8:20
7:15
6:30
6:10
1:15
2:15
4:00

Hasnbouse
Station
Fast
8:15 a m
2:45 p m
6:35 p m

For the convenience of patrons trains connect with east and west bound lines at Maricopa and Tempe. Pullman Palace sleeping car on all through trains between Phoenix and Maricopa.

N. K. HASTEN, Pres't. B. F. PORTER, Gen'l Supt.
H. C. RICKHERT, Gen'l Frt. and Pass. Agt.

SOUTHERN PACIFIC,
From the East
9:10 p m El Paso ar 6:15 a m
6:50 p m Dallas ar 6:50 a m
1:15 p m St. Louis ar 8:30 a m
8:10 a m New Orleans ar 9:10 p m

SOUTHERN PACIFIC,
From the West
9:45 p m Los Angeles ar 1:15 a m
8:15 a m San Francisco ar 9:20 p m
5:30 p m San Diego ar 6:00 a m
9:30 a m San Jose ar 10:15 p m

Trains stop on signal.
BEN WILLIAMS, Supt., Southern Pacific Co.

SANTA FE, PRESCOTT & PHOENIX RY.
AND
PRESCOTT & EASTERN R. R.
SANTA FE SYSTEM.

Shortest and Quickest route for service between Phoenix
and all Eastern Points.

Through schedules and connections at Maricopa and other points. Pullman and reclining chair cars on certain trains. For full information apply to ticket agents.

E. W. GILLETT, Gen'l Passenger Agent.
H. P. ANEWALT, Gen'l Freight Agent, Prescott.

LOCAL TIME TABLE
Mountain Time.

Lv Jerome Junction Ar 4:20 p m No. 2
Lv Jerome Ar 4:40 p m 7:09 p m
Ar Jerome Junction Lv 4:50 p m 7:30 p m

Lv Prescott Ar 9:15 a m
Ar Prescott Lv 5:00 p m

Trains run on Pacific time.
BEN WILLIAMS, Supt.

(Bisbee Local)
STATIONS
Bisbee Ar 1:15
South Bisbee 1:23
Douglas 1:10
Naco Junction 12:50
Parker 12:45
Banning 12:25
Water Tank 12:05
Charleston 11:45
Fairbank Lv 11:25
Fairbank Ar 11:15
N. H. & A. Crossing 11:00
Contention 10:40
Land 10:30
Benson Lv 10:05

Trains stop on signal.

BEN WILLIAMS, Supt.
Southern Pacific Co.