9. 1

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 17, 1910.

One Hundred Dollars

-WILL-

Grow In Six Months

-TO-

THOUSAND DOLLARS"

D L

$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $.
A new company having just been formed to operate in Ventura County, California, having eleven hundred and twenty acres.
VALUE:
The value of this land alone makes it a good buy,
this is proven territory with the possibility of opening up an entire new pool of OIL owned entirely by
this company. California OIL deposits lie in great
beds that are remarkable for their comparatively
great depth of rich OIL lakes. -
OPPORTUNITY:
California is the most important OIL section in
the history of the world, three-quarters of a million dollars disbursed monthly to stockholders of
California OIL properties.
You can purchase now at 10 cents per share; stock
that in six months will be probably worth par. (One
dollar per share.)
This is your opportunity to start on the road to
prosperity, by coming in on the GROUND FLOOR.
The company is capitalized for $3,000,000, divided
into 3,000,000 shares of a par value of $1 each;
1,000,000 will remain in the treasury. This first
block of stock is offered at 10 cents per share.
It is expected that this ground floor offering will
be subscribed in a few days. Subscriptions will be
entered and allotments made according to the order
in which the applications are filed.
An early interview will prove of mutual advan
tage, as it is certain that a closer knowledge of the
organization, land and locations will convince the
investor of the advantage of owning some of this
stock a reasonable amount of which is almost sure,
to make early purchasers rich in proportion to their
holdings.
STOCK WILL ADVANCE:
Only a limited number of shares will be sold at
10 cents. Stock should advance within thirty days.
CONVINCING PROOFS:
The organizers of this company are backing the
judgment of practical oil experts. The investors'
money will go into the development of the property
in this company no salaries will be paid to the
directors. Upon application we will give the opin
ions of practical, scientific and wise investors who
know the property.
Hygravity Oil Co.
404 STORY BUILDING,
6th and Broadway,
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.

HYGRAVITY OIL COMPANY,
404 Story Building,
Los Angeles, California.
I hereby subscribe for....." shares of the
Capital Stock of your company and agree to pay 10 cents per
share for same.
Name
Address

A VERY PLEASANT
BASEBALL GAME

ROYAL ROMANCE UNEARTHED.

SALT RIVER VALLEY MEN PUT IT
ALL OVER THE REGIMENTAL
TEAM.

But the Latter Do Some Brilliant Base
Running, the Sensational Feature
of the Day.

King Gustave IV. of Sweden Said to
Have Remarried Secretly.

THE TEST OF CULTURE.

Seven to three, in favor of Phoenix,
is in brief the story of the ball game
at Eastlake park, yesterday.
On the whole, it was a thoroughly
good, enjoyable game, enjoyed by the
crowd to the limit. So far as the
players were concerned, it was peace
able and prompt, from start to finish,
and the indications are that the game
today will be even better if possible.
In the outfield it might have been
touched up a little to advantage, but
the touching up that it needed did not
in any way detract from the interest
of the game, which was a speedy and
good-natured one throughout.
The visiting team's infield playing
was excellent and successful: it was
the home team's superior pitching and
outfielding that finally got away with
the game, and the pitching record of
thirteen shutouts each indicates that it
was particularly the latter, though the
crowd thought Ayer was superior in
both speed, variety and control.
The runs came in the first, third
and sixth for the home team, and the
seventh for the visitors.
Ft. Whipple went to the bat. Brown
fanned, Bushong grounded out to first,
and Russell went out on a grounder to
second, leaving McKnight at first on a
safe one to third. For Phoenix's pick
up team from the Salt River valley,
Morris got two bases on a grounder
to left field and came home on an
overthrow to catch him at third; De
vereaux and Ayer struck out, and Clow
flew out to left field, leaving Lynch
at second as the result of a safe hit
to shortstop and a theft.
In the second, both sides went out
in one-two-three order.
In the third, for Ft. Whipple, Dep
ner grounded to the pitcher, Nally
struck out, and Brown fouled out to
catcher, after the luck of a long foul
fly to first base, muffed; while for
Phoenix Morris got first on balls and
scored on Clow's two-bagger to center
field. Clow got around home on
Lynch's drive to the farthest corner
of the left field fence, and Lynch fin
ished the round from third on a passed
ball to catcher. Tolleson and Devereaux meantime having struck out, as
did Ayer likewise later.
The fourth and fifth innings
amounted to nothing for either side,
the "soldiers" going out in one-two-three
order and the valleyites in but
one chance better.
In the sixth, only one visitor got as
far as first. It was in the last half of this inning that the real fun began.
Ayer, after making a hit that landed
on the plate itself and was called a
foul, was walked to first, trotted to sec
ond on one of McKnight's passed balls,
which were uncomfortably numerous
for his side, reached third on Byers'
grounder to second base, and came
home later on Johnson's safe liner to
first; Byers, safe at first by his single
which second failed to handle, stole
second. Johnson hit safe to first, and
after Tolleson had flown out to the
pitcher, Morris hit to third, who muffed,
thus bringing in both Byers and
Johnson, though Morris died at first on
Devereaux's out to shortstop.
In the seventh, Ft. Whipple started
in to even-up. McKnight was thrown
out at first by catcher, Russell reached
first safely on right fielder's muff of his
fly, made a swift steal of second base,
and scored on an error of right field
in getting under Perkins' fly, good for
three bases. Then occurred the prettiest mix up of the day. With Sullivan held at second for a safe past that
bag, an attempt was made to catch
Perkins between third and home, it
looked impossible for him to get out
of it. Everybody took a hand in it, al
most, catcher and pitcher on one side
of the runner and third baseman and
shortstop on the other, pitcher next
to the plate, but a mistake on Ayer's
part in passing the ball to third too
low and short, gave Perkins his
chance, and rolling, sliding, scratching
forward on his face, and finally being
actually lifted by another player and
laid face down on the plate, he was
declared safe; Scanlon struck out,
Depner hit safe for one bag, scoring
Sullivan, and Nally retired his side
with a grounder to short. For Phoenix,
Clow was forced out at second by
Lynch, who successfully negotiated
second, but Ayer fouled out and Byers
struck out, leaving Lynch at third.
In the eighth only one man got as
far as first. The crowd had a good
laugh over the wabbiness of Johnson's catch of Russell's fly to first.
In the ninth, Ft. Whipple failed to
score, and the game was over in an
hour and ten minutes.
Before the game the crowd was
treated to some very graceful bicycle
riding by W. E. Lyon of Phoenix,
which will be repeated today.
The Ft. Whipple (Prescott) club
were accompanied by their mascot,
Edgar Mann.
The score by innings is as follows:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Ft. Whipple 6 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 3
Salt River Valley. 1 0 3 0 0 3 0 0 7
Earned runs. Ft. Whipple 2. Phoenix
3: three base hits, Ft. Whipple 1,
Phoenix 1: two base hits, Ft. Whipple
1, Phoenix 1; first base on balls, by
Nally 4: struck out, by Nally 13, by
Ayer 15; left on bases, Ft. Whipple 4,
Phoenix 8; wild pitches, Ft. Whipple 1,
Phoenix 1: first base on errors, Ft.
Whipple 1, Phoenix 1: passed balls, no
record; several; hit by pitcher, none.
Scored by Marr of Ft. Whipple.
The lineups and batting order were
as follows: Ft. Whipple Brown, 3b,
Bushong 1b. McKnight c. Russell 3b.
Perkins lf. Sullivan cf. Scanlon ss,
Depner rf. Nally p. Salt River Valley
Morris c. Devereaux 2b, Clow lf,
Lynch cf, Ayer p. Byers ss, Dunson
3b, Johnson lb, Tolleson rf.

Stockholm A royal romance is inti
mately connected with a remarkable
case pending in the Stockholm courts
against the Swedish crown.

The plaintiff is a member of the Diet
named Johansson, and he is bringing
an action against the royal house to
deliver up possession of four letters
which Anna Helga de la Brache gave
in 1842 to the then Crown Prince of
Sweden, afterward King (Oscar I.)
The plaintiff alleges that King Gus
tave IV. and his queen, Fredrika Doro
thea Wilhelmina, of Baden, who were
divorced, secretly married again in
Germany and had a daughter, who was
named Anna Helga de la Brache. For
the support of Anna, who could not be
acknowledged publicly, the Emperor
Alexander I. of Russia, who was her
uncle, gave the then King of Sweden,
Carl XIV, six million kronen in trust.
Deputy Johansson, who is the grand
son of Anna de la Brache, asserts that
the money was never handed over to
her. It appears that up to 1871 a lady
called Anna de la Brache received an
annuity from the government, but in
that year her identity was disputed and
the annuity was stopped.
It is stated that the four letters
which are the subject of the pending
suit prove Johansson's title to the
money which the Emperor Alexander
handed over to King Carl XIV.
Among the witnesses summoned to
give evidence for the plaintiff are the
Dowager Queen Sophia, the present
Queen of Denmark, and Princes Karl,
Eugene and Bernadotte.

Mound City Paints are better.
Phoenix Hardware Company.

New vaudeville tonight. New air
dome.
o
Show of Phoenix. New airdome.
1
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH Corner
Third avenue and Monroe street.
Preaching by the pastor, Rev. Orville
Coats, at 11 a. m. Subject, "A Living Religion." Sunday school at 9:30
a. m. Junior Union at 3 p. m. Bap
tist Young People's Union, at 6:30
p. m. Mr. John G. Woolley, one of
the foremost and most eloquent ad
vocates of temperance in the world,
will speak at the evening service at
7:30. The public is cordially invited.
Mid-week prayer and praise service
Wednesday evening at 7:30.
o
Can This Man
Read Your
Life?
The rich, poor, exalted and humble
seek his advice on Business, Marriage,
Friends, Enemies, Changes, Specula
tions, Love Affairs, Journeys, and all
events of Life.

MANY SAY HE REVEALS
THEIR LIVES WITH
AMAZING ACCURACY.

Free Test Readings Will Be Sent for
a Short Time to all "Phoenix
Republican" Readers.

Some speak as if the test of culture
were the knowledge of Latin, or of
Greek, or of French literature, or of
Italian painting, or of what not. As
a matter of fact it is none of these
things, for I take it that the root of
culture in any worthy sense of that
word is the possession of an ideal that
is broad enough to form the basis of
a sane criticism of life. I hope that
I need not turn aside to demonstrate
the competency of science to present
such an ideal. I willingly admit that
some such ideal may be reached by
various paths, through the study of
literature, or of art, or of science. I
should be the last to suggest that
these are rival or mutually exclusive
pursuits or that anyone can justly
claim a monopoly of culture.
To know the best that has been said
in literature and use this as a touch
stone in the criticism of the life of today, or to reach through art the ideal
of perfection in form and color and
make this broad enough to embrace
life as a whole, each opens a prom
ising avenue to culture. But how can
a criticism of life be broadly enough
based today unless the main results
of scientific investigation lie at its
roots and the method and the spirit
of science be in the atmosphere that
surrounds it? It cannot, I think, be
broad enough, unless we greatly exag
gerate the part that science has played and is playing in the modern
world. And I do not think that we
exaggerate it, for practically all must
recognize that there are few important
problems of life today that science
does not touch and touch most closely.
This being the case, can a school be
declared efficient that fails to give its
students a vision and a grasp of the
scientific ideal, an ideal that will
guide them in the solution of all the
complex problems that face individ
uals and face the state?

Sarsaparilla

For

Spring Loss of Appetite and
That Tired Feeling.

Cures Thousands of Cases Every Year,
Tones the Stomach, Aids the Digestion.
Cleanses and Revitalizes the Blood,
Gives Vigor and Vim.

Roots, Barks and Herbs Hood's
Sarsaparilla so combines the great
curative principles of roots, barks
and herbs as to raise them to their
highest efficiency for the cure of
all spring humors, all blood dis
eases, and run-down conditions.

No Real Substitute There is no
real substitute for Hood's Sarsapa
rilla. Any preparation said to
be "just as good," you may be sure
is inferior, costs less to make, and
yields the dealer a larger profit.
Insist on having Hood's.

I II II II I.J l w

Wm

For Backache, rheumatism, kidney or bladder trouble, and urinary irregularities.
Foley's Kidney Pills purify the blood, restore lost vitality and vigor. Refuse substitutes.

For Sale by Elvey & Hulett.
Let the Stork Do His

BEST

Has the veil of mystery that has so
long shrouded the ancient sciences been
raised at last? Can it be that a sys
tem has been perfected that reveals
with reasonable accuracy the character
and disposition of an individual, and so
outlines the life as to assist in avoid
ing errors and taking advantage of op
portunities? Roxroy, a man who has for twenty
years been delving into the mysteries
of the occult, making a scientific study
of the various methods of reading the
lives of people, seems to have reached
a higher round in the ladder of fame
than his predecessors. Letters are
pouring into his office from all parts
of the world telling of the benefits de
rived from his advice. Many of his
patrons look upon him as a man gifted
with some strange, mysterious power,
but he modestly asserts that what he
accomplishes is due alone to an under
standing of natural laws.
He is a man of kindly feeling toward
humanity, and his manner and tone
immediately impress one with his sin
cere belief in his work. A huge stack
of grateful letters from people who
have received readings from him adds
to other convincing proof as to his
ability. Even Astrologers and Palmists
admit that his system surpasses any
thing yet introduced.
The Rev. G. C. H. Hasskarl, Ph. D.,
Pastor of St. Paul's Evangelical Lu
theran Church, in a letter to Prof.
Roxroy, says: "You are certainly the
greatest specialist and master of your
profession. Every one consulting you
will marvel at the correctness of your
detailed personal readings and advice.
The most sceptical will consult you
again and again after corresponding
with you once."
If you wish to take advantage of
Roxroy's generous offer and obtain a
free reading, send your date, month
and year of birth, state whether (Mr.,
Mrs., or Miss) and also copy the fol
lowing verse in your own handwriting:
I have heard of your power
To read people's lives,
And would ask what for me
You have to advise?
I
Be sure to give your correct name,
birth date and address and write plain
ly. Send your letter to ROXROY, Dept.
87 A. No. 177a Kensington High Street,
London, W., England. If you wish, you
may enclose 10 cents (U. S. A. stamps)
to pay postage, clerical work, etc. Do
not enclose coins or silver in letters.
Note: Under the new postal regula
tions you can send a sealed letter to
England for only two cents postage.

juaviason

We are fixed for him in our store.
We have a big fine line of Baby
Carriages and Go-Carts, High
Chairs, Teething Rings, Rattles
and toys.
ATTENTION MOTHERS.
The Allwin Collapsible Go-Gart
stands without an equal. It is
the lightest, strongest, handiest
and most handsome folding cart
made. We sell them from $5.00 to
Attention
FREE DOUBLE TRADING
STAMPS FOR THIS WEEK.
ON THE FOLLOWING
ARTICLES:
Double Trading Stamps on
every Brass and Iron Bed in the
store.
Cribs, Hammocks, Lawn Mow
ers, Ice Cream Freezers, Gas
Stoves, Dressers, Fancy China,
Fancy Lamps, Morris Chairs,
Alaska Refrigerators, Alaska Ice
Boxes, Greenland Refrigerators,
Greenland Ice Boxes.
Double Trading Stamps to
every Rug and Carpet in the store.
On every Range in the store,
retailing at $40 and over: Baby
Carriages, Go-Carts, Wonder
Washers.
On every article sold on our 5c,
10c, 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c counters,
in the Bargain Basement.
GREEN TRADING STAMPS
GREEN TRADING STAMPS
Gather Them Save Them It
Will Pay You.
Hardware, Furniture, Crockery,
Tents, Camping Outfits, Stoves
and Ranges.
Ask About Our Easy Payment
Plan.

s L.asn More

22-24 W. Washington St., Phoenix, Arizona