'.'
;-, '. .;ftp .j
Rw?Hi'V-,v-? ; .'" .: ' ,; ""' f
v
.' "2-.
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: WEDNESDAY MORNING, JULY 31, 1901.

aHlkMfe&.';j , - .. .",& "i

IF

K;
ffv
I).
K.
K-
Ifc
II '

The Arizona Republican

O. W. VICKERS General Manager
B. M. McCOWAN......Managing Editor
HARVEY J. LEE....Business Manager
J. W. SPEAR.... Associate Editor

The Arizona Publishing Company

Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press In Arizona.
Two high battery of Linotype In Arizona.
Publication office: 36-38 East Adams
street. Telephone: No. 471
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.

SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail daily, one year . . . $3.00
Weekly, one year . . . 2.00
Cash In advance.
By CARRIER.
Daily, per month . . . $1.75

TERRITORIAL OFFICIALS
Governor N. O. Murphy
Secretary of Arizona.... T. Stoddard
Territorial Treasurer.... T. W. Pemberton
Territorial Auditor C. W. Vickers
Supt. of Public Instruction....R. L. Long
Chief Justice Webster Street
Associate Justices
H. B. Sloan, George R. Davis, Fletcher
M. Doan.
Attorney-General .....C. F. Ainsworth
-
's, ' ' ' .' '

i uoRigi.ABa

PHOENIX, ARIZONA, JULY 31. 1901

: - - (

Don't leave the city for mountain
or seashore without having The Re
publican accompany you. You will
be lonesome without it.
1. T,. - w fST ''

l i' i '
Our Lady of the Snows as Mr. Kipling.
In the days before his decline and
falling off began, Mr. Kipling
attended the Canadian do-
CANADIAN dominion is peculiarly
subject to the woes of
the silly season. This
is natural, since the normal mental
poise of the country is one of extreme
bracedness against a temperature far
below zero. It can be very hot in Mon
treal or Ottawa in July; and the ad
vent of midsummer heat has an es
pecially demoralizing effect on the
remote northern intellect. Just now
the Canadians are taking it all out in
discussing the dreadful prospect of
having at Rideau Hall, as governor
general, a nobleman who, though him
self a duke of famous lineage, is mar
ried to a lady whose great-grandfather
once ran a ferry boat on the Hudson
river. There is, in short, a remote pos
sibility, but not at all a probability,
that the Duke of Marlborough will be
made viceroy of Canada; and the wife
of the Duke of Marlborough is a Van
derbilt.

It seems that they are very fastid
ious about their vicereines up in Can
ada and the mere possibility has
plunged their aristocratic circles, from
Yarmouth to Vancouver, into dismay.
They are more fastidious than the high
circles of India are, for not merely the
great-granddaughter, but the actual
daughter of an American tradesman is
freely and courteously accepted there
as the spouse of an honored and suc
cessful viceroy, Baron Curzon of Ked
leston. They are much more fastidious
than the aristocratic circles of Eng
land herself, for the reception of the
young Duchess of Marlborough in
those circles has been particularly cor
dial. As a matter of fact, not only
discrimination on account of a wife's
supposed inferior blood, but all con
sideration of it in connection with a

TjL Happy

Home

Happiness must be founded on health.
Where there is ill-health there will
surely be unhappiness. The happiness
of many a home has received its down
fall at the table, spread with rich and
dainty foods. The first symptoms of
disease of the stomach are ignored as
being disagreeable but not dangerous;
Presently dyspepsia or some other form
of disease fastens on the stomach.
At any stage Dr. Pierce's Golden Med
ical Discovery will cure diseases of the
stomach and other organs of digestion
and nutrition. But the cure is quicker
if the "Discovery" is used in the
earlier stages of disease. If you have
any symptoms of diseased stomach
use "Golden Medical Discovery" and
be cured;
"I feel that I would be doing an Injustice to
you if I did not send you a statement of my
case," writes Mr. David W. Hittice, of Hamburg,
Franklin Co., Miss. "I had liver complaint and
indigestion. Everything that I ate disagreed
with me. I suffered a great deal of pain in my
head; heart beat too fast; my feet
and hands were cold all the time. Did not sleep
well at all. Was able to get about but very
little. I commenced to use Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery and pleasant reliefs in
May, 1897, and by December I could begin to get
about very well. Have been doing my work
ever since, feel better than I have for several
years."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent, on
receipt of ten one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.

husband's official preference, is un
known in English governing circles,
provided the wife and household are
proper and honorable people. It is
hardly likely that even the Canadians
need to be told that the British nobility has greatly improved its financial
standing and also its purity by
countless marriages with the daughters of rich tradesmen and financiers.
Lord Rosebery is not considered the
less eligible candidate for the land
even of a royal princess because his
first wife was the daughter of a Roth
schild.
It is extremely doubtful whether an
inquiry into the matter of great-grand
fathers, in the case of the wives of
Canadian governor-generals for the
preceding quarter of a century, would
clear them all of some scent of trade
on their viceregal skirts. Nor is it
likely that any of them could boast a
great-grandfather so well fitted to be an
object of pride on the part of future
dukes as the old commodore, even if
his beginnings were humble. But, after
all, as we have intimated, much must
be pardoned to the exaggerated silly
reason of a hyperborean region.

The San Francisco Examiner, which
has been engaged in regulating sublun
ary affairs for some years, has dictated the course to be pursued by the
Schley court of inquiry. It might be
done. The proceedings must be open
and above board. No Star Chamber
work goes with the Examiner. Whether
or not the hearings shall be secret has
not been discussed, or even mentioned
by anybody, but the Examiner's edi
torial writers, and in the end we be
lieve the whole matter will be ordered
by Secretary Long.
The Examiner fancies to say that the
presence of Admiral Dewey as president of the court is a guaranty of an
honesty of purpose; but nevertheless
the people will not rest content with a
mere verdict. They want to know what
evidence will be adduced and how the
verdict is arrived at, and then they
will know whether it is a proper one.
But suppose the people differ from the
court, then what? And how are you to
know what people will agree with the
court and what people will not? As
the matter stands now the people have
no jurisdiction, so that we cannot see
what purpose the Examiner's orders to
the navy department will serve.
If the people are to have the settle
ment of this controversy we would
suggest another method of procedure,
beginning with the abolition of the
court of inquiry. Then let all the evi
dence in the case be printed in the
Examiner, the Chicago American, and
the New York Journal. After that let
the arguments be published in these
newspapers and then let a national election be held with polling places in
New York, Chicago and San Francisco. The ballot may be coupon-clipped
from the Journal, the American or the
Examiner, and may be of the following
form:
"Have the charges made by E. S.
Maclay against Admiral Schley been
sustained?" Each ballot should con
tain two squares, one preceded by the
word "No," the other by the word
"Yes." As many ballots or coupons as
any voter could rake or scrape togeth
er should be counted. Thus would we ob
tain a free and full expression of the
people. Such an election would cost
the government nothing. Mr. Hearst
would pay the bill.
A vote of thanks is hereby moved to
the Washington Post. It has invented
a name for the hot wave; calls it a
sizzard. Blizzard, sizzard; sizzard, bliz
zard. Here is concentrated the whole
meteorological history of America.

A HOME?

What, say you to this proposition?
We will give the first applicant a six
room house on a well shaded lot 70x137
for $100.
This property partly paid for $100 cash, and
practically your own time on the balance. Interest on $300 balance to be
paid in monthly instalments of $3.60.
Each six months $50 or more may be
paid on the principal and the interest
reduced.
Every $50 paid reduces the interest
35 cents per month. Is not this better
than paying rent? Call on
R. H. GREENE
21 NORTH FIRST AVENUE.

ANOTHER PARIS PLOT.

To people who do not understand the
temperament of Paris, the French cap
ital must appear to be constantly rock
ing on its foundations. There is always
some vast revolution "on the brink,"
and tremendous things are incessantly
just "on the point of happening." The
truth is your boulevardier loves the ex
citement of talking about things he
never has the slightest intention of do
ing, and will spend half the day shouting murder and treason only to see his
home and bed quite peacefully at
night. The trial of the Comedie Fran
caise for treason to the republic
naturally produced some startling
revelations. At one stage of the his
toric Dreyfus crisis, it appears, General de Pelleux was actually plotting
to march into the Palais de la Nation
with 60,000 troops, in other words to
employ the forces of the nation to join
with a crazy mob to defeat settled or
der. General Pourneden, one of the
few strong military men France has,
nipped the scheme in the bud by or
dering General de Pelleux to some
other part of the country, and so anoth
er crisis was averted. Fancy such a
plot in any other European capital —
in London, Berlin or Vienna! This
particular revelation does not seem to
have excited much interest; Paris be
ing a little blasé of sensations. One
is reminded of the story of the Irish
Jarvey, who poured into the cars of a
guileless English fare terrible stories
of "a force of 106,000 Fenians, who were
nightly drilling with firearms in Dub
lin." "And why don't they rise?" asked
the stranger wonderingly. "Because,"
replied the Jarvey, lowering his voice
impressively, "because the police won't let 'em."

SPECULATION IN GERMANY.

Nevada's reputation as a divorce re
sort has declined in England since the
conviction of Earl Russell. It has been
said, though, by some noblemen that
three months in prison are a moderate
price to pay for a new wife.

Minister Wu Ting Fang has found a
strong resemblance between Moses and
Confucius. According to the public
utterances of Mr. Wu, Confucius was
so versatile that he resembled all other
great actors in history.

A Pennsylvania woman is said to be
getting rich selling pies at a penny
apiece. As the man said of the hen
when eggs were selling at ten cents a
dozen, we don't see how she can do it
at the price.

General Uribe-Uribe is understood to
have preached Costa Rica in an open
boat. It is earnestly to be hoped that
he didn't lose one of his Uribes overboard.

The war with Spain lasted ninety
days, but only a rash prophet would
predict how long it will take to write
its history.

The boat 4,000 years old just brought
over from the Nile will not compete in
the trial races.

Bryan's schoolboy son may regard
the Ohio democrats as a vulgar frac
tion of the party.

The collapse of the Leipziger Bank
very nearly created a bad financial
crisis in Berlin, but the German in
vestor, who is a shrewd fellow at bot
tom, with a very hard head, got over
his first feelings of fright with admir
able promptitude. The failure need
not be taken seriously and certainly it
will have no far-reaching effect on Ger
man trade as some European journals
have tried to make out. The truth is
Germany has recently been suffering
from a speculative fever of much the
same order as the States has been
passing through. Into this specula
tion not only the commercial but the
land-owning classes have been drawn.
The latter, to find ready money, have
been borrowing largely from the banks
on the security of their lands, and so
the banks have been found short on
sudden demands for large amounts of
bullion. The Leipziger institution has
sound enough assets, and all the credi
tors will eventually be paid in full,
but naturally the failure has created
an ill impression. The majority of
shareholders in Germany are poor men
with small holdings, and this class is
very apt to take fright. Commercially
Germany's position is much sounder
than it has ever been before and trade
prospects look very bright.

-, Feb. 14, w -wpi..

A sj JmM 4 7if "

'I-.'

,fi

!jv' -r tv.'l

IH T"ff?93'

-sr9Bl ,'ym, 1 '. BBB2..aBBI -" BBB 2 '.-

aDnnMKM waj'?. rmoam 'iH-'wiiH mi I rt . .kH t - i i .

t- - - 1
. , I 1

los -.isra-Eii-jEjS.

KATZICK HOUSE
LOS ANGELES, CAL.
RATES: $1.00 to $3.00 per day. Larger with
private baths. Rooms $0.50 up.
The most popular house in Los Angeles for
Arizona people. Has just added a third story
and now contains 175 rooms, all newly fur
nished, with running water and elevator.
Thirty suites with private baths.
Free Bus To and From All Trains.

; : TELEPHONE RED 3831 ! :
HOTEL CLARENDON.
123 Rooms; 40 beautiful suites
with private baths; electric lights
Hot and cold water throughout.
A first-class European Hotel.
RATES, 50c A DAY AND UP.
108 S. Hill Street, Corner Fourth,
Los Angeles, Cal.

w wm

N. K. CORNER
FOURTH and
HILL BOULEVARD.

Entrance, 630 S. Hill.
Furnished new throughout; new management; free
baths; hot and cold water; electric lights; cars to all
points. Convenient to restaurants and all places of interest. Rooms $1.00 to $3.50 per week.
MRS. L. E. HARTMAN, Prop.

Hotel Brunswick

Cor. 6th and
Hill Streets.

First-class Family Hotel, choice local
ity; newly refitted.
Large sunny rooms; terms reasonable. Special
prices by the week. G. P. Mansfield, Prop.

m r.TTik wu 9. i tt be HLt w w w.m j jmm

HOTEL BALTIMORE
EUROPEAN PLAN.
Elegant suites with private baths.
Up-to-date in every particular.
HAMILTON JOHNSON, Prop.
Northeast Corner Seventh and Olive St.

"23L LOS ANGELES, CAL

THE

YORKE

Unpgo
Rooms
Hot and

. -. , it ld.I.. Mrt 1 ,f,.nin

Corner Main and Second streets, Los Angeles, California. Near depot and business
city is the door. Entrance 103 East Second Street.

4aLFiiHfejirTifvi-iL.t

A LITTLE NONSENSE

Mother: I am surprised, my dear,
that you suffered a man to kiss you!
Daughter: But, mamma, I don't call
it suffering. Tit-Bits.
o
DECIDEDLY DIFFERENT.

Penfield: What makes you think that
last poem of mine was different from
anything else I've written?
Merritt: It was published. Judge.
-o
GET FURS REPAIRED.
D. Bonoff, of 217 South Broadway, op
posite city hall, the leading furrier of
California, will make over and repair
seal and other fur garments at special
rates during the summer season. He
stores garments free of charge. Take
your garments to him when you go to
the coast and have the work done right.

The SEA Shore
Are you going? Of course, and take
home some of that three car loads of
wall paper just arrived, at 6c a roll;
special sale at
Chicago Wall Paper Co.,
611 S. Broadway, Los Angeles.

Going to Los Angeles?
Everybody goes to the Highland Villa,
103 N. Hill st., corner First. High and
healthy; plenty of fresh air. One dol
lar a day, American plan; first class.

w'.t...HffT--.--r'-w-

It is probable that Jonathan is a hero
to his harem.

There are lots of people who wouldn't
wave a red flag at a bull, but who will
do it with a man every chance, in order
to reform him from his habit of getting
mad when he sees one.

MRS. HILLIP, opposite Park. American Plan.
Most comfortable family hotel in southern
California. Low rates for the summer.
MRS. D. WHITAKER, Prop.

The best appointed Hotel at reasonable prices
in Los Angeles, California, situated on Main
Street, directly opposite the U. S. Postoffice.
Every modern convenience; new and clean;
superior accommodations for 500 guests. Rates,
American plan, 50c day and up. European
plan 25c day and up. Special rates to families or guests remaining one week or more. Take
Pacific car direct to Rosslyn Hotel. E. C. Ward, Proprietor

Hotel Rosslyn

THE COLONADE

F. E. HENTZ, Proprietor.
33d S. HILL ST. (Between 3rd and 4th)

Family and Transient Rooms.

One block from shopping center. Under new management; thoroughly renovated, well con
ducted Family and Transient Hotel at moderate prices. Rooms large, cool and finely
furnished. Excellent popular priced Cafe connected.

THE ST. ELMO

Free bus from all trains to Hotel. New management;
renovated throughout. All cars pass Hotel. Rooms
50 cents to $1.00 per day; special rates by week. 413 N.
Main st. A. EICHENHOFER, Prop.

HOTEL RAMONA

Los Angeles, Cal., Cor. Spring and Third Sts.
Coolest House; lowest summer rates.
Near depot; central location.
F. B. MALLORY, Prop.

HOTEL NADEAU

First and Spring Streets.,
LOS ANGELES. :
Alden Thompson, Props.

Hotel Johnson,

Fourth and Main. Private and public baths;
European Plan, hot water at all times;
strictly modern throughout, 123 East Fourth St.,
one door east of Hotel Westminster.

J. MILTON FLECK

Prop. All modern. 115 S. Spring St.

Rooms single or en suite. Hot and cold
baths. Rates reasonable. Mrs. J. L. Wilcox, Prop.

TAXI USKC-4 316 S. Spring Street. Strictly first-class and central; hot and cold
baths. Mrs. B. C. TEWLER, Proprietor.

"THE PACIFIC" 212 S. Broadway. Rooms by day, week or month; all
conveniences. Centrally located.

THE CALIFORNIA HOSPITAL
384 SOUTH HOPE STREET, LOS ANGELES, CAL.
An elegant Hotel for the Sick. Heated by Steam. Lighted by both Elec
tricity and Gas. A resident Physician, and a Corps of Trained
Nurses. Three well equipped operating rooms, five delightful verandas.
A Roof Garden; forty feet wide by sixty feet long. Reached by all street
car lines, directly or by transfer.

IDYLLWILD SANATORIUM.
Strawberry Valley, San Jacinto Mountains, Riverside County, California.
Altitude 6,250 feet. The wilderness of mountain forests with the comforts of
a metropolitan hotel. Heated by Steam. Lighted by Electricity. Resident
Physician, and a Corps of Trained Nurses. Purchase ticket to San Jacinto,
California. Address California Health Resort Company, 1414 S. Hope St., Los
Angeles, Cal.

IODOS

PHOTO SUPPLIES.

313 S. Spring Street, Los Angeles, Cal.

Developing
and Printing.

This Trunk in 3-f inch size, canvas
covered, hard wood slats, deep hat
box, strong hinges and lock ...

Send for illustrated catalogue and price list.
D. D. WHITNEY & SONS
313-31 South Spring Street, LOS ANGELES, CAL.

Panorama Studio, 304 South Spring St; centrally located, near
Depot. Rates Reasonable. Laundry Rooms.
Tuition in Dancing.

Near Westlake Park, 438 Westlake Avenue. A beau
tiful new building, newly decorated, newly furnished;
large porches, pleasant surroundings; fine table board.
Only a select and limited number accommodated.

Rates reasonable. Take Second or Seventh street cars.

The Colonial,

"TOURIST" 21 S. Broadway. Pleasant rooms, single or en suite. Rates
reasonable. Mrs. A. E. BARTRAM, Prop.

THE ANHEUSER Cor. South Broadway. CENTRAL LOCATION. Rooms
suitable for transients and permanent guests.

PALACE HOTEL, 2d and Hill St. Select Family Hotel.
Rates reasonable. Thos. Pascoe, Proprietor.

"THE BEACON" First and Main Streets. Centrally located. European plan; pri
vate baths; rates reasonable. C. M. GRAY, Proprietor.

"THE OAKLAND" 111 South Broadway. New house, new furni
ture and fittings. Good beds, good city. Hot baths free.

WITH PURE MOUNTAIN WATER AT
AVALON
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND

Under conditions prevailing last year. Dozens of swift power launches
for fishing and excursions. Tuna Club tournament now on; Our Marine
Band, including Chas. Streeper of St. Louis, cornetist, and other soloists of
national reputation. The best golf links. The aquarium, containing hun
dreds of living wonders of the deep. Boating and bathing over Nature's most
wonderful marine gardens as seen at great depth through smooth, trans
parent waters. Catalina offers attractions not possible at other resorts.
Daily steamer service. Hotel Metropole always open. Take Southern Pa
cific or Salt Lake Route trains leaving Los Angeles daily at 9:03 and 8:56
a. m. respectively. Fare, round trip from Los Angeles, excursion, $3.00; reg
ular, $2.75. Canning Co., 222 S. Spring St., Los Angeles. Phone Main 36.

You should not fail
to visit us and ask for
some of the latest

steel engraving Portraits made only
and first introduced by this Studio.
Worldwide reputation for high grade
work. Medal Awards from Paris Ex
position, World's Fair, and first prize
gold medal at Midwinter Fair, San
Francisco, 1894.

Call and secure one of these latest style pictures. STUDIO, 117 N. Spring St., Los Angeles.

WHILE IN THE CITY

DON'T FORGET!

Chops, etc., call on the best known Cafe on the Pacific Coast.

While on your visit to
Los Angeles get the best
Fish, Oysters, Steaks,

ELVIS, the best
111 W. Third St.

RELIABLE AND EXPERIENCED DRUGGISTS.
G. T. L. & CO., 231 So. Broadway, opposite City Hall.
Manufacturer of Lawns California
Perfumes, Russian Kalmuks. Mail orders a specialty.

ADOLF FRESE,

OPTICIAN AND PRACTICAL OPTOMETRIST.
Eyes tested on premises and prescriptions filled same
day ordered. Tel. Main 1012. 123 South Spring Street.

ACME FEATHER WORKS

613 So

ATTENTION, Sportsmen!

Artistic Taxidermy work our specialty. EMBERLY,
At the "Big" Curio Store, opposite Van Nuys and
Westminster Hotels.

UNDE1TILU TED Send for new Catalogue. Liberal terms to agents. Rubber Collars,
Cuffs, Gators, Ties and Fronts.
WINDSOR COLLAR CO., 308 Broadway. Los Angeles, Cal.

305 S. Spring St., Finer Art, music and knife plating. Tele
phone Main 307, Los Angeles, Cal.

ACCORDION PLEATING-

LATE BOOKS:

Stoll & Thayer Co. 333 S. Spring St. Los Angeles

"Helmet of Navarre" . . . $1.35
"The Tuppy Crown" . . . . . . . . . . . 1.25
"Ralph Marlowe" . . . . . . . . . . . 1.25

BOOKSELLERS AND

No. 5 S. Spring St. Los Angeles

Wm..

UCMDY A TICOCO Pacific Coast Ag't
CHAS. HILDENBRAND. Send for Catalog.
FULL LINE POULTRY SUPPLIES

315 S. Main St., Los Angeles

S.A.:iXr T3I!ESC3-0.

Rooms $1.00
per Day up..

HOTEL BREWSTER Cor. Fourth and C Sts., San Diego.

The most elegantly furnished and equipped hotel in Southern Cal
ifornia. Elevator, public and private bath rooms. Fine large sample
rooms for commercial travelers. Hot and cold water in all suites. All
modern conveniences. Visitors Opera House directly opposite. A first class Cafe and Grill
Room is connected with hotel. Special Rates by the week. C. B. DAGGETT, Prop.

Best location in San Diego. Rooms
suites and cottages. The table our
specialty. Write for circular and
terms.

The Albatross Inn.

THE RICHELIEU

First class Furnished Rooms. Rates Reasonable
Transient Patronage Solicited. Centrally Located
Rooms Cool and Pleasant. J. H. Simpson, Mgr.
1055 FIFTH ST., BETWEEN C AND D

HORTON HOUSE

New Management.

European plan. Rooms 50c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.50: special
rates by week, or month for summer. Free bus to and
from hotel. Large well lighted reading room and parlor.

B. F. BARLOW, Prop.

THE BELMONT Cor. 6th and B Sts. A beautiful place, fine 3story brick; bay windows on
three sides, suites, sliding doors, running water and thoroughly modern.
See the place before you locate. Rates $1.00 to $3.00; reduction by the week. See adv. in paper
for run on train opposite. O. B. POOR and WIFE, Props.
THE HIGHLAND Cor. Third and U sts. Centrally Located. Strictly Modern
and First Class. RATES REASONABLE

AGUA CALIENTE.

HOTEL MODESTO

Agua Caliente, San Diego county. Everything
new. Excellent bathing. Rates Reasonable.

THE BROSBERGER HOME SCHOOL
OF SHORTHAND AND TYPEWRITING. Los Angeles, California.
A Business Training School for both young men and young women: 120
graduates this last year, and all in positions. A High School for stenogra
phers. A training school for experts persons may apply to the Bros
berger School and receive any kind of expert instruction desired. We have
more positions for young men than we can fill. Would like a large class of
young men to begin by September, to meet the increasing demand. Bookkeeping for
those who desire it. Send for handsome Illustrated catalogue. 953 W.
Seventh St., Los Angeles, Cal.