Six K. Prescott Stage Line

FOR PRESCOTT, VIA BLACK CANYON,
Leave Phoenix, Tuesday, Thursday and Satur
day, 7 a.m. Arrive, Sunday, Wednesday and
Friday. Freight excess, 5 cents per pound.
For Prescott, via Vulture and Harqua Hala:
Leave Phoenix, Monday, Wednesday and Fri
day, at 7 a.m. Arrive, Tuesday, Thursday and
Saturday at 5 p.m. Fare, $15. Fifty pounds of
baggage free; excess, 5 cents per pound.
Office with Wells, Fargo & Co.
G. W. GREENLEAF, Agent.
Ho for White Hills Mining Camp!
Tri-Weekly Stage Line.
Through in one day; 8-passenger, 4-horse
Concord stage wagon; change horses at Cross’
Ranch and Mountain Springs; leaves King
man Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 7:30 a.
m., and arrives at Camp at 7 p.m. same day.
Leaves White Hills Camp Tuesday, Thursday
and Saturday at 8 a.m., and arrives at King
man at 5 p.m. Fare, $7.50.
Shortest and most direct route to the New
White Hills mining camp. Stage office at store
of the W. H. Taggart Mercantile company. Extra
baggage, etc., on application.
CROSS & CO., Prop’s,
Kingman, Ariz.

Call for City Warrants.
Will pay upon presentation the following
numbered city warrants of the issue of 1892, in
terest ceasing on this, the 7th day of June,
1893: 670, 671, 672, 673, 674, 675, 676, 677, 678, 679,
680, 681, 682, 683, 684, 685, 686, 687, 688, 689, 690, 691,
692, 693, 694, 695, 696, 697, 698, 699, 700.
I. M. CHRISTY,
City Treasurer.

Notice is hereby given to the electors and
taxpayers of the city of Phoenix that an elec
tion will be held in the city on Tuesday, the
27th day of June, A.D. 1893, for the adoption or
rejection of the provisions of an act of the
Seventieth Legislative Assembly of Arizona,
entitled an act granting to incorporated cities
certain powers and privileges in addition to
those already vested in them by charter or
general law of the Territory. Said election
to be held at West End precinct, J.W. Kincaid’s
office, Wall street, Phoenix, Arizona; East End
precinct, basement of the city hall, Phoenix, Ari
zona; and will be conducted in accordance with
the provisions of act No. 61 of the Sixteenth
Legislative Assembly of Arizona.
T. J. COLE, Mayor.
Date of first publication
June 16th, 1893.

Summons.
In the District Court of the Third Judicial Dis-
trict of the Territory of Arizona, in and for
the County of Maricopa.

William E. Williams, plaintiff, )
vs. )
Elizabeth Williams, defendant.)

Action brought in the District Court of the
Third Judicial District of the Territory of Ari
zona, in and for Maricopa County, and the
complaint filed in said Maricopa County, in
the office of the Clerk of said District Court.

In the name of the Territory of Arizona, to
Elizabeth Williams, defendant, greeting:
You are hereby summoned and required to
appear in an action brought against you by the
above-named plaintiff, in the District Court of
the Third Judicial District of the Territory of
Arizona, in and for Maricopa County, and an
swer the complaint therein filed with the Clerk
of this said Court, at Phoenix, in said County,
within ten days after the service upon you of
this summons, if served in this said County,
or if served out of the said County and within
this said Judicial District, then within twenty
days thereafter, or in all other cases within
thirty days thereafter, the times above men
tioned being exclusive of the day of service;
or judgment by default will be taken against you.
Given under my hand and seal of the said
District Court of the Third Judicial District of the
Territory of Arizona, in and for Maricopa
County, this 18th day of May, A.D. 1893.
[Seal.] C. H. KNAPP,
Clerk of said District Court.
By J. H. Stout,
Deputy Clerk.
First publication May 19, 1893.

ORDINANCE NO. 149.
Concerning the Phoenix Street Railway and ex-
tending the time sixty (60) days from the 25th
day of July, 1893, for completing the Electric
Railway, commenced and being constructed
under the franchise heretofore granted to J.
O. Dunbar by ordinance No. 133, entitled “An
ordinance granting to J.O. Dunbar, his suc
cessors and assigns, a franchise to construct
an Electric Street Railway System, and a
system of electric light and power in the City
of Phoenix.”

The common council of the city of Phoenix
ordains as follows:

SECTION I.
That the time for the completion of the elec
tric railway under the franchise granted J.O.
Dunbar, his successors and assigns, by ordin
ance No. 133 of the city of Phoenix, be and
the same is hereby extended a period of sixty
(60) days from and after the 25th day of July,
1893.

SECTION II.
This ordinance shall take effect and be in
force from and after its passage and publica
tion according to law.

Passed by the common council of the city of
Phoenix, this 7th day of June,
A.D. 1893.
Approved this 7th day of June, A.D. 1893.
P. J. COLE,
Mayor.
Attest: Ed Schwartz,
City Recorder.

ORDINANCE NO. 150.
Concerning the Levy, Assessment and Collec-
tion of City Taxes for the Fiscal Year of
1893 and 1894.

The common council of Phoenix do ordain as
follows:

SECTION I.
The fiscal year for the city of Phoenix shall
begin on the first day of July of each year
and end on the thirtieth day of June of each
year thereafter.

SECTION II.
A city tax of fifty cents upon every one hundred
($100.00) dollars of the assessed valuation of
property is hereby levied and imposed upon all
property, real and personal (except such as
may be exempt from taxation) in the
city of Phoenix, for the general purposes
of said city for the fiscal year commencing
on the first day of July, 1893, and ending on
the thirtieth day of June, 1894.

SECTION III.
An additional city tax of nineteen cents upon
every one hundred ($100.00) dollars of the as
sessed valuation of property is hereby levied
and imposed upon all property, real and per
sonal, except such as may be exempt from tax
ation in the city of Phoenix, for the payment
of the accruing interest upon the bonds of said
city, the Fire Apparatus bonds, the City
Hall bonds, the City Hall Lot bonds, Fire En
gine and Hose bonds, for the fiscal year com
mencing on the first day of July, 1893, and end
ing on the thirtieth day of June, 1894.

SECTION IV.
The tax hereby levied shall have the force
and effect of a judgment against the persons
and property so assessed and taxed and shall be
a lien thereon until all such taxes, together
with the penalties, costs and
interest on delinquencies thereof, if any there
be, be fully paid or the property be sold
therefor under execution.  

[...text continues with corrected spelling and punctuation throughout, preserving original formatting and wording, ending with advertisement:]  

PARK SWIMMING BATHS AT PHOENIX PARK.

Open daily from 6 a.m. until 10 p.m. Tuesday and Friday mornings for ladies only. Friday
afternoon and evening for ladies and their escorts. For special rates inquire at the baths.
Take street car for Phoenix Park. H. M. Grinnell, Manager.