THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, PHOENIX, ARIZONA, 31 ARCH ST., PHOENIX.
10

MIS

Ml

My expectant mother must pay usually if
pregnant to full of suffering, danger and fear
that he looks forward to the critical

Mother's friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and

repairs the system for the
feel that she puts through
the crisis safely and with
little suffering, as numbers
have testified and said, "it is

worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per
bottle to druggists. Book containing
valuable information mailed free.
OC TUTTLE SUGGESTS CO., 11 S. N.

SOUTH SIDE NEWS

TEMPE Frank W. Griffin.

"TAKE A LOOK"
at our show window for horse and cattle medicine, also poultry food
and screw worm killer.
HARMER'S DRUG STORE
Next Door to Postoffice.

If you like good Coffee, try some
of our brands
PARRY'S Cash Store

Saturday, March 7, we will place on sale one hundred of our
NEW SPRING SHIRT WAISTS
for one day only at a sacrifice of $1.00 each. These waists are
taken from regular stock and all range in price from $1.25 to $2.25
each, so do not be the last to take advantage of this sale.

J. J. HODNETT,

For Sanitol Preparations call on us we have
a full supply

LAIRD & DINES

Phone

LILY MILK
CUT LILIES FROM TWELVE LABELS AND MAIL TO OUR OFFICE, 314 P. E. BLDG., LOS ANGELES. AND RECEIVE PINCUSHION BY RETURN MAIL.
A HOME PRODUCT.
Factory at Tempe, A. T.

SANICHAS
DELICIOUS
Just try this famous Soft Cream
SANICHAS
PHOENIX.
HATS

Our Hat department has been replenished with new arrivals, and
we not only have a very complete stock but Hat Values that will be
hard to find. Let us prove this assertion by serving you for your
next hat. Thanking you in advance, we remain. Yours very truly,
New York Cash Store-Tempe

EXTRA EXTRA
We still have Big Bargains. Don't fail
to come to our Big Fire Sale
W. LUKIN Cash Store-Tempe

Ladies' Footwear
Men's Tan Oxfords and Ladies Pumps in tan, gun metal and patent leather have just arrived. They are very swell. Come in and take

a look.
HYDER
Tempe, -
TEMPE
FORMER TEMPE PEOPLE
Who Have Drifted From the Land of
Sunshine to Locations elsewhere.
The writer returned yesterday morning from a short but a delightful visit
to Los Angeles and other southern
California points. It is really surprising
how much one can see of interest
in that section of California in a short
space of time if it is used judiciously.
Helve, in Tempe and points in the vi-

cinity of Los Angeles, it is possible
with little effort to enjoy almost any
altitude or condition of climate from
one extreme to the other. For instance,
en route to California in the Salton
Sea one is feet below sea level
while at the top of Mount Lowe where
it was the writer's pleasure to spend
part of last Friday, the elevation is in
the neighborhood of 6,000 feet. Climate
conditions are just as variable.
Here a week ago Friday it was comfortably warm without a coat and on
Mount Lowe a week later it was uncomfortably cold with an overcoat on
in a snow storm. To one who has lived
in Arizona for years, the contrast is

noticeably marked, and the experience
a novel one.
A great many Tempe people have
drifted toward California within the
past few years and during the time
spent there a number of them were
encountered either by accident or in-

tent. Most of them insist that southern
California is the place of all places
but they also admit that Arizona is a
pretty good place in which to live and
they all cherish a tender spot for the
Salt River valley.
J. W. Johnson, formerly secretary of
the Arizona Honey Exchange and at
the time of his residence here one of
the most prominent bee men in the
valley, is now secretary of the Crescent
Cream Company, a company which
supplies much of the Los Angeles de-
mand for cream and butter,
C. A. Stewart, formerly secretary of
the Tempe Canal Company, is now with
the Hiss Burbank Company on Los An-
geles Street with his home on West
23rd Street.
Fred Hunt, formerly with the A. J.
Peters Company, is now with the State
Mutual Building and Loan Association
with his home in South Pasadena.
Jack Stelzried, at one time one of
the best known football players in
Arizona is now attired in the uniform
of the city police. Jack is one of the
best looking men on the force and
strange to say is single.
Abe Lukin, who left here but a short
time ago, is now associated with the
Cooper Grocery Company. He expects
to locate there permanently and will
be joined by Mrs. Lukin in a short
time.
Harry Oberbeck and Bert Morgan
are both located in Los Angeles, the
former with a paper firm and the latter with Mullen and Platt. clothiers.
Eugene Shute and Charles Haigler
are both attending the University of
Southern California, the former taking
a civil and the latter a mining en-
gineering course. With them last
Thursday the writer visited every de-
partment of the institution. Mr. Shute
is not only doing good school work but
is rated as one of the best all around
athletes in the school. It developed
upon him to compete with the con-
testants from the north Saturday af-
ternoon in the mining events in the
Stanford University of Southern Cali-
fornia dual meet. With what success
has not yet been ascertained. In what
regard Mr. Shute is held by the school
is evident by the fact that he has been
elected captain of the football team
for next year. Mr. Haigler is giving
athletics less attention at present than
heretofore and is devoting all of his
time to his studies with good results.
Joe Lobit, who was with the Far-
huts' and Merchants' Bank last sum-
mer and later with the Pacific Cream
Company, is now enjoying a period
of recreation in Los Angeles. Mr. and
Mrs. Lobit have
place on East
six months and
that time expect
to build a neat little
street for the next
the expiration of
return to Tempe
for the winter
Harry Archibald and
John Cave both
make their headquarters
in South Pasadena. The former is in
practice of law and the latter in Los An-
geles in the
attorney in min-
ing. At present both are
absent on
mining business. They both have
homes in South Pasadena.
Hubert Richards, Chester Haigler,
John Carroll and Raymond Still, all
former Tempe boys, are in Los
Angeles, the latter attending a business
college and the others working
in one capacity or another.
Pasadena, the beautiful, has claimed
a number of Tempe people. It is here
that Ed Murphy has one of the most
beautiful homes in his section of the
low land. Mr. Murphy is taking life easy
and occupies his spare time in mowing
the front lawn and keeping the trees
trimmed. Miss Imogene is attending
the Los Angeles Normal from which
she will graduate in June. Miss Mild-
red is attending the Pasadena High
school. Mrs. Watrous makes her home
with the Murphys.
Little more than a stone's throw
from the Murphy home is the Curt
Miller bungalow, as neat and attractive a little home as one could desire.
Mrs. Miller and Frank are living there
now and Frank is taking a course in
electrical engineering at Throop. He
is making splendid headway and is
counted one of the best students in his
class. He expects to spend a short
time here with his father in the near
future.
Mrs. Edward Sands, formerly Miss
Lizzie Chase, who spent several winters here is happily situated on North
Ike Avenue. They are the proud
parents of a six months' old baby boy
and are now building a modern home.
a few blocks east.
Harry Chase, at one time captain of
Company C is in the postal service in
Pasadena and has been so engaged for
a number of years.
At South Pasadena T. L. Jones is
located and is doing the excellent busi-
ness in the jewelry and optician line.
Charles Taylor is also there in the
capacity of the manager of Montgomery
and Mullen's Pasadena lumber yard.
The writer spent several hours in
Pomona Saturday, the guest of G. P.
Richmond, formerly of Phoenix and
well known here. While there he had
the pleasure of calling upon R. and
Mrs. F. L. Drew. Mr. Drew will be
remembered as at one time pastor of
the Congregational church. He now
preaches each Sunday in the moun-
tains above Riverside and the family
home is in Pomona though both daugh-
ters are in the city and Arthur, the
eldest son, is in North Dakota where
he is engaged in the drug business.
C. P. Wilson, who will be kindly re-
membered by a great many Tempe
friends, was found doing some work
in the front yard, attired in overalls
and a healthy coat of tan. He is
strong and robust as the average man
many years his junior.
The Penns are located in Santa
Monica and it is probable that a num-
ber of other Tempe people are located
in southern California who have been
overlooked in this story.
Last but not least should be men-
tioned one who has strayed from the
home land but not so great a dis-
tance. Jack Harris presides again in
his accustomed place at the Edwards
hotel in the delightful little city of
Maricopa where the weary wax traveler
may refresh himself with liquid joy if
he so desires.
BUTTE LODGE NO. 15.
A Tempe Temple of Pythian Sisters
Organized Friday Night With
Fifty-Two Members.
The organization of a Tempe Temple
of Pythian Sisters, to be known as
Butte Lodge No. 15, was perfected with
much enthusiasm last Friday evening
in the Fellows hall. Following the
ceremony and the election and install-
ation of officers an elaborate banquet
was served.
The following named are the mem-
bers of the new lodge and it is prob-
able that within the next few months,
this membership will be greatly in-
creased: Sophie Gustafson, Florence
Flumerfelt, Honor McKur, Hollie Steele.
Clara Peck, Pertha Wilson, Flora Mul-
len, Kinnia Sandoz, Lottie Mullen,
Maude Carr, Nellie Lohmann, Kermit
Lohmann, Nell Woods, Bessie
Alexander, Viola Hill, Annie Ayers.
Carrie Matthews, Mary Flumerfelt
Katie McDonald, Agnes McDonald,
Myrtle Brechan, Nell Tanner, Cora
Dennis, Kate S. Harris, Lola Cook.
Delia Dickinson, Dr. L. B. McKur, V
A. Hill, J. L. Flumerfelt, J. V. Wilson,
C. L. Mullen, C. C. Steele, Pyron Carr.
Kermit Lohmann, Dr. Hurtzburn,
Henry Sandoz, A. J. Matthews, H. J.
Flumerfelt, D. H. McDonald, A. T. Mc
Donald, H. S. Schaulis, L. A. Anderson.
J. K. Williams, J. F. Appleby, J. A.
Crews, J. P. Cook, Karl Brown, Curt
Miller, Dr. Brechan, Thomas Dennis,
Fred Ayers, B. C. Knight.
The following officers were elected
and installed: Past chief, Honor
McKur; most excellent chief, Sophie
Gustafson; senior, Florence Flumer-
felt; junior, Hollie Steele; manager,
Clara Peck; mistress of records and
correspondence, Pertha Wilson; mis-
tress of finance, Flora Mullen; pro-
tector, Kinnia Sandoz; outer guard,
Lottie Mullen; trustees, Bessie Alex-
ander, Nell Woods, Maude Carr.
The following named members from
Phoenix were present and assisted at
the institution of the lodge: Grand
Chief Ada Moore; Grand Manager Til-
lie M. Kee, Anna L. Thalheitner, Eliz-
abeth Pungle, L. L. Kane, Addie IngalU.
Eva Cisney, Mrs. Comfort, Pearl
Leeper, Ida Dejong, Ruth Fulton, Liz-
zie Lauver, Mary K. Saekman, Lillie
Sullivan, Mrs. Fromm, Nina Burger.
Joimnie Moore, Claude Cisney, Mr.
Hoofl, Mr. Stokoe, Mr. Kinney.
GORMAN MINSTRELS TONIGHT.
The Gorman Minstrel troupe, which
appeared in Phoenix on March 18
will give an exhibition tonight at the Mesa
opera house. Through an error Phoenix and Mesa were both billed for the
same night last week, hence the com-
pany was delayed in coming here until
this evening. The comedians come
well recommended, as they always
seek to make their hearers enjoy
themselves.
CONCERT AND DANCE.
The opening concert at the Vance
opera house last Saturday evening
was a rare treat for the music lovers
of Mesa. A splendidly arranged pro-
gram was rendered by competent mu-
sicians of Phoenix, as every effort was
made by the manager to secure the
best talent obtainable for the opening.
Following the concert a ball was given,
which was also well patronized. Many
young people of Phoenix and Tempe
came over on the special train which
was run for the occasion.
"COONTOWN" PLEASES.
"Frolics of Coontown," which was
played at the Mesa opera house on
Saturday evening last, was greatly en-
joyed by those who attended. The
program also included jokes, popular
coon songs, jigs, and music. Owing to
the fact that the company was not
billed here previously, and also the
concert in the Vance opera house be-
ing given on the same evening, the
attendance was not large.
MESA ADVERTISEMENTS.
Twenty acres 2 miles north of
Mesa, one-fourth share Pinal
water, with interest in 1,500 cab-
bage, now selling: one acre onions,
three acres Irish potatoes,
one-half acre turnips. Biggest
bargain in the valley. One-third
down, balance easy payments;
price, $1,000.
$2,500.00 to loan.
Pomeroy-Guthrie
Realty Co.

NOTICE OF SALE.

In the District Court of the Third
judicial District of the Territory of
Arizona, In and for Maricopa County.
Detroit Trust Company and James
Davidson, trustees, No. 0320.
Plaintiffs.
Eastern Sugar Company, a corpora-
tion; Piatt Iron Works Company, a
corporation; Alphons Custodis Chim
ney Construction Company, a corpo
ration; C. H. Valentine and J. L.
Perry, doing business under the firm
name of Valentine and Perry, a co
partnership: Murphy Iron Works, a
corporation: Hosart Plumbing Com
pany, a corporation; The Quincy
Engine Works, a corporation; Henry
C. Morris, John T. Dunlap; DeMund
Lumber Company, a corporation;
Arizona Hardware & Vehicle Com
pany, a corporation; Western Elec
tric Company, a corporation: Oar
lock Packing Company, a corpora
tion. Defendants.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that.
Whereas the above named court in
the above entitled action, did on the
28th day of February, 1908, render a
judgment in favor of the above
named plaintiffs and against the
above named defendant the Eastern
Sugar Company for the sum
of $34,558.14 with interest on $25,881.14 thereof from the date of
said decree until paid, together with
the further sum of $92.10 costs of suit,
with a foreclosure of plaintiffs mort
gage lien on the property hereinafter
described since the 15th day of April,
1903, and also did further adjudge that
the following defendants have a lien on
said property or a portion thereof in
the following amounts respectively,
towit: Piatt Iron Works Company,
$11,141.12, with interest from July 1,
1906; Hosart Plumbing Company, $1,850
with interest from May 21, 1906.
DeMund Lumber Company, $2,577.50
with interest from August 15, 1906;
Valentine and Perry, $1,185.36 with inter
est from June 21st, 1906; Henry C
Morris, $2,487.57 with interest from
August 15th, 1906; The Quincy Engine
Works, $2,052 with interest from Au
gust 24th, 1907; Western Electric Com
pany, $1,221.40 with interest from
March 9, 1907; together with a fore
closure of said liens for said several
amounts and did order the property
hereinafter described sold for the pay
ment of the said several liens in the
order of their priority, as therein ad
judged and declared, and did further
order and adjudge that an order of sale
issue out of said court as prescribed
by law directed to the undersigned as
Receiver of said Eastern Sugar Com
pany and Special Master of said court,
to make and conduct said sale in ac
cordance with the said decree, and to
which reference is hereby made for a
more particular specification of the
said judgments, liens and powers
granted, and.
Whereas, in pursuance of said judg
ment and decree, an Order of Sale, was
duly issued out of said court on the
29th day of February, 1908, in said ac
tion directed to me as Receiver and
Special Master, wherein and whereby I
am empowered and directed as such
Receiver and Special Master of said
Court to make and conduct the sale
of the property hereinafter described,
for the payment of the said judgment
and liens hereinabove referred to, and
in said decree, judgment and order of
Sale more particularly described.
NOW THEREFORE, I, W. D. Ful-
wiler, as such Receiver and Special
Master as aforesaid, by virtue of the
aforesaid decree and Order of Sale,
made in the above entitled action, as
hereinbefore referred to, and in pur
suance thereof will sell at the front
door of the Court House in the City of
Phoenix, on the 25th day of March,
1908, at the hour of 11 o'clock in the
forenoon of that day, to the highest
and best bidder or bidders, in entirety
and subject to the right of redemption
as allowed by law, and subject to the
taxes for the year 1907 and any prior
liens on any portion of said property,
the following described property, to
wit: The following described real estate,
and also the right, title and interest of the said Eastern Sugar Company
in and to 1,000 shares of the fully -paid
capital stock of the Ashland Land &
Cattle Company, being all the capital
stock of said company. Said shares of
stock being the property of said Eastern Sugar Company, and included in
said mortgage to complainants. The
particular description of the real prop
erty above referred to as being cover
ed by said mortgage lien and to be by
me sold is all of the following describ
ed property, in Maricopa County, Ari
zona, to wit:
The East half and the Southwest
quarter of Section Eleven, Township
Two North, Range Two East of the
Gila and Salt River Base and Meridian,
in Maricopa County, Arizona, contain
ing Four Hundred Eighty acres, more
or less, together with water rights in
the Arizona Canal;
Also the North half and Southwest
quarter, and Northeast quarter of
Southeast quarter, and the North half
of the Northwest quarter of the South
east quarter Section two, Township
Two North, Range Two East of the
Gila and Salt River Base and Meridian,
in Maricopa County, Arizona, contain
ing Five Hundred Forty acres, more or
less, together with water rights in the
Arizona Canal;
Also the East half of the Southeast
quarter, and the South half of the
Southwest quarter of the Southwest
quarter, of Section twenty
two, Township Two North, Range Two
East of the Gila and Salt River Base
and Meridian, in Maricopa County,
Arizona, containing One Hundred
acres, more or less, together with water
rights in the Arizona Canal;
Also the Southeast quarter of Sec
tion Thirty-One in Township Three
North, Range Three East of the Gila
and Salt River Base and Meridian, in
Maricopa County, Arizona, containing
One Hundred Sixty acres, more or less,
together with water rights in the Ari
zona Canal;
Also the West half of the Southeast
quarter and the Northeast quarter of
the Southeast quarter of Section Sev-
enteen, in Township Two North, Rang
Two East of the Gila and Salt River
Base and Meridian, In Maricopa Coun
ty, Arizona, containing One Hundred
Twenty acres more or less, together
with water rights in the Arizona Canal
heretofore deeded to said land;
Also all that portion of the Northwest
quarter of Section Twenty-seven
in Township Two North, Range Two
East of the Gila and Salt River Base
and Meridian, in Maricopa County.
Arizona, that is North of the Grand

Canal, containing One Hundred Twenty-four
and Seven-tenths acres, more
or less, together with one and a half
water rights in the Arizona Canal,
heretofore deeded to the North half
and the North half of the South half
of said quarter section;
Also the Northwest quarter and the
North half of the Southwest quarter of
the Northeast quarter of Section Ten
in Township Two North, Range Two
East of the Gila and Salt River Base
and Meridian, in Maricopa County.
Arizona, containing One Hundred
Eighty acres, more or less, together
with water rights in the Arizona Canal
heretofore deeded to said land;
Also the East half of the Southwest
quarter of Section Twenty-nine in
Township Three North, Range Two
East of the Gila and Salt River Base
and Meridian, in Maricopa County,
Arizona, containing Eighty acres, more
or less, together with one water right
in the Arizona Canal heretofore deeded
to said land;
Also the Northwest quarter of the
Northeast quarter and all that portion
of the South half of the Northeast
quarter lying North and East of the
North extension of the Grand Canal
containing Seventy-eight acres, more
or less, also the East half of the South
east quarter except a triangular tract
in the Southwest corner thereof con
taining Seventeen acres (which said
Seventeen acres is more particularly
described as follows:
Beginning at a point on the section
line one Hundred Thirty feet west of
the Southeast corner of Section Four
teen in Township Two North, Range
One East, thence West along said sec
tion line to the Southwest corner of the
East half of the Southeast quarter of
said Section, thence North along the
West line of the East half of the
Southeast quarter One Thousand Two
Hundred Eighty-six feet, thence South
easterly One Thousand Seven Hundred
Thirty feet to the place of beginning
on the South line of said Section, con
taining Seventeen acres, more or less.)
Also a triangular tract in the North
west corner of the Northwest quarter
of the Southeast quarter and more par
ticularly described as follows: Com
mencing Three Hundred Eighty-six
and Eighty-three one hundredths feet
East of the center of said Section
Fourteen, thence East along the quar
ter section line Nine Hundred Thirty
three and Seventeen one hundredths,
feet to the northeast corner of the
Northwest quarter of the Southeast
quarter of said section, thence South
One Thousand Twenty-five and Sixty
six one hundredths feet to the North
bank of the North Extension of the
Grand Canal, thence Northwesterly
along said bank of canal to the place
of beginning, containing Ten and
Ninety-eight one hundredths acres
more or less. Also a tract in the
West half of the Southeast quarter of
said section lying South of and parallel
to the North Extension of the Grand
Canal and more particularly described
as follows: Beginning at a point on
the East line of the West half of the
Southeast quarter of said section One
Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-six
feet North of the South line of said
section, thence Two Hundred Sixty
nine feet North along said East line to
the South bank of the North Extension
of the Grand Canal, thence Five Hun
dred Forty feet along the South bank
of said North Extension of the Grand
Canal to the corner of the check gate
in said North Extension of the Grand
Canal, thence Southerly Three Hundred
Ten feet along the line which would in
tersect the South line of said section.
One Hundred feet West of the South
east corner of the West half of the
Southeast quarter of said sec
tion, thence Four Hundred Seventy-three
feet Southerly to
the place of beginning, con
taining One and Eighty-nine one
hundredths acres more or less. Also a
triangular tract in the Northeast cor
ner of the Northwest quarter of said
section, and more particularly described
as follows: Beginning at the North-
east corner of the Northwest quarter of said
section, thence West along the section
line Six Hundred feet, thence south
erly to a point on the East line of said
Northwest quarter Two Thousand Two
Hundred Thirty-five feet South of the
Northeast corner of said Northwest
quarter, thence North Two Thousand
Two Hundred Thirty-five feet to the
place of beginning, containing fifteen
and thirty-nine one hundredths
acres more or less, together
with water rights in the Ari
zona Canal heretofore deeded
to all of said several parcels of land
aggregating Two Hundred Nine and
Twenty-six one hundredths acres, all
in Section Fourteen in Township Two
North, Range One East of the Gila and
Salt River Base and Meridian, in Mar
icopa County, Arizona:
Also the West half of Section Twen
ty in Township Two North, Range Two
East of the Gila and Salt River Base
and Meridian, in Maricopa County, Ari
zona, containing Three Hundred Twen
ty acres, more or less, together with
water rights in the Arizona Canal here
tofore deeded to said land:
Also the East half of the Northeast
quarter of the Northeast quarter Sec
tion Twenty-six in Township Two
North, Range Two East of the Gila
and Salt River Base and Meridian, in
Maricopa County, Arizona, containing
Twenty acres, more or less, together
with water right in the Arizona Canal
heretofore deeded to said land;
Also the Southwest quarter of the
Northeast quarter and the Northwest
quarter of the Southeast quarter, also
the East half of the Southwest quarter,
also the North half of the Northwest
quarter, also the Southeast quarter of
the Northwest quarter, also the North
half of the Southwest quarter of the
Northwest quarter, all in section
Twenty-two in Township Two North.
Range Two East of the Gila and Salt
River Base and Meridian, in Maricopa
County, Arizona, containing Three
Hundred acres, more or less, together
with water rights in the Arizona Canal
heretofore deeded to said land:
Also the Southeast quarter of Sec
tion Twelve in Township Two North.
Range One East of the Gila and Salt
River Base and Meridian, in Maricopa
County, Arizona, containing One Hun
dred Sixty acres, more or less, together
with Two water rights in the Arizona
Canal:
Also the Northeast quarter and the
North half of the Southeast quarter,
and the Southwest quarter of the
Southeast quarter, and the West half
of the Southeast quarter of the South
east quarter of Section Six, Townshin
Two North, Range Three East of the
Gila and Salt River Base and Meridian,
in Maricopa County, Arizona, contain-in-;
Three Hundred acres, more or less.

together with pro rata water rights
in the Arizona Canal:
Also the West half of the Northwest
quarter of Section Thirty-five, To
ship Three North, Range One East
the Gila and Salt River Base and Mer
idian, in Maricopa County, Arizona
containing Eighty acres, more or less,
together with water right in Arizona
Canal;
Also the East half of the Southeast
quarter of Section Thirteen, Township
Two North, Range Two East of the
Gila and Salt River Base and Meridian,
in Maricopa County, Arizona, contain
ing Eighty acres, more or less, togeth
er with water right in the Arizona
Canal;
Also the West half of the Northeast
quarter of Section Nineteen, Township
Two North, Range Three East of the
Gila and Salt River Base and Mer
idian, In Maricopa County, Arizona,
containing Eighty acres, more or less,
together with water right in the Ari
zona Canal;
Also the West half of Section One
in Township Two North, Range One
East of the Gila and Salt River Base
and Meridian, in Maricopa County,
Arizona, containing Three Hundred
Twenty acres, more or less, together
with pro rata rights in the Arizona
Canal:
Also the Northwest quarter of Se
ction Twenty-four in Township Three
North, Range One East of the Gila and
Salt River Base and Meridian, in Mar
icopa County, Arizona, containing One
Hundred Sixty acres, more or less, to
gether with pro rata water rights in
the Arizona Canal;
Also the Northwest quarter of the
Southeast quarter of Section Twenty
nine in Township Three North, Range
Two East of the Gila and Salt River
Base and Meridian, In Maricopa Coun
ty, Arizona, containing Forty acres,
more or less, together with pro rata
water rights in the Arizona Canal:
Also the East half of the Southeast
quarter and the Southwest quarter of
the Southeast quarter of Section Twenty-nine
in Township Three North.
Range Two East of the Gila and Salt
River Base and Meridian, in Maricopa
County, Arizona, containing One Hun
dred Twenty acres, more or less, to
together with pro rata water rights in
the Arizona Canal;
Also the West half of Section Twelve
in Township Two North, Range One
East of the Gila and Salt River Base
and Meridian, in Maricopa County.
Arizona, containing Three Hundred
Twenty acres, more or less, together
with pro rata water rights in the Ari
zona Canal;
Also the Southeast quarter of the
Northeast quarter and the Northeast
quarter of the Southeast quarter (ex
cept thirty-three feet off the North
side of the Northeast quarter of the
Southeast quarter) of Section Eighteen
In Township Two North, Range Two
East of the Gila and Salt River Base
and Meridian, in Maricopa County.
Arizona, containing Seventy-nine
acres, more or less, together with pro
rata water rights in the Arizona Canal:
Also the West half of the Southeast
quarter of Section One in Township
Two North, Range One East of the
Gila and Salt River Base and Meridian,
in Maricopa County, Arizona, contain
ing Eighty acres, more or less, to
gether with pro rata water rights in
the Arizona Canal:
Also the Southeast quarter of Section
Nineteen, Township Three North.
Range Three East of the Gila and Salt
River Base and Meridian, In Maricopa
County, Arizona, containing One Hun
dred Sixty acres, more or less, together
with water rights in the Arizona
Canal:
Also the West half of the Southwest
quarter of Section Twenty, Township
Three North, Range One East of the
Gila and Salt River Base and Meridian,
in Maricopa County, Arizona, contain
ing Eighty acres, more or less, together
with water rights in the Arizona
Canal:
Also the East half of the Northwest
quarter of Section Eighteen, Township
Two North, Range Two East of the
Gila and Salt River Base and Meridian,
in Maricopa County, Arizona, contain
ing Eighty acres, more or less, togeth
er with water right in the Arizona
Canal:
Also the Southwest quarter of the
Southwest quarter of Section Twenty
three in Township Three North, Range
One East of the Gila and Salt River
Base and Meridian, in Maricopa Coun
ty, Arizona, containing Forty acres,
more or less, together with one-half
right in the Arizona Canal;
Also Lots One, Two, Nine and Ten in
Block One of Woodford's Addition to
Glendale in Maricopa County, Arizona,
containing Forty acres, more or less;
Also the South half of the Northeast
quarter of Section Nine in Township
Two North, Range Two East of the
Gila and Salt River Base and Meridian.
In Maricopa County, Arizona, contain
ing Eighty acres, more or less, together
with one water right in the Arizona
Canal:
Also the South half of the Southwest
quarter of Section Twenty-three in
Township Two North, Range Two East
of the Gila and Salt River Base and
Meridian, in Maricopa County, Arizona,
containing Eighty acres, more or less,
together with one water right in the
Arizona Canal.
That the terms upon which said
property will be sold are as follows:
1st: $1,111.11 cash or certified check
on any bank in The City of Phoenix.
Arizona, which must be deposited with
the undersigned at the time of making
bid for said property;
2nd: $4,000 cash or certified check
on any bank in the City of Phoenix,
which said amount in cash or certified
check shall be deposited with the clerk
of the above court, upon the property
being struck down to such bidder:
3rd: The balance of the amount bid
for said property shall be paid to the
undersigned immediately upon de-
mand, either in cash, certified check
on a bank in the City of Phoenix.
Arizona, or by depositing with the un
dersigned the bonds of the Eastern
Sugar Company issued according to the terms of the aforesaid de-
cree in the above entitled action.
Notice is hereby further given that
no bid for less than $10,000 will be
accepted upon such sale of said property. V. D. FULWILER.
Receiver and Special Master.
Dated, Phoenix, Arizona, February
29, 1908.
Date of first publication March 2
1908.

Arizona oranges, $1.50 per box. Wm. I.
Crump Hay and Grain Co., 13 East
Jefferson. Telephone 114.