THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 3, 1899.

7

CHARLES B. BOOTHE & CO.
MINING and MILLING MACHINERY
RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
....
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.

Mines and Mining

As those living in Mammoth are al-
most dependent upon a class of mines
obtained entirely dependent upon the
fruits of the mining industry, it is
natural that all feel a lively interest
in everything pertaining to min-
ing. Probably in no other section in
the country can we find so much to
foster and keep the interest already
keen in the territory about Mammoth.
In the center of a rich mineral district
its residents naturally realize the en-
tire possibilities of the camp. The
Star has referred briefly to the many
important claims lying southwesterly
from Mammoth in and about Tucson.
Towards the northeast across the San
Pedro in the range of mountains pa-
ralleling the river are many claims
that have every indication of great
richness. In the Bunker Hill district
many of the claims are being devel-
oped. Harry S. Newman of Mam-
moth has a claim in this district that
promises rich returns when worked.
A great deal of development has been
done and the samples of ore taken
from the claim run very high in gold.
Mr. Newman shows a fine collection
of gold and copper specimens from this
district and if they are fair samples of
the ore bodies in the district the
range of mountains mentioned contain
vast mines of wealth. Two prominent
peaks of the range are known as
Table Mountain and Sombrero Butte,
from the striking resemblance in the
one case to a hat and in the other one
being flat on the top as a table. There
have been a large number of claims,
both gold and copper, located on and
about these two peaks, while the pa-
tient and ever hopeful prospector is
represented by many who are search-
ing for the strike of their lives. All
of this territory is tributary to Mam-
moth and when many of the claims be-
come—as they will—paying mines, the
famous old mining camp on the San
Pedro will take on renewed life and
prosper as never before.—Tucson Star.

Frank Rockefeller, brother of John
D. Rockefeller of Standard Oil fame,
has been examining some of Mohave
county’s mines and has secured six
claims under bond from Messrs. Cooke
Bros. & Blythe, situated in the Weaver
mining district near the Colorado.
Word comes from Jerome that a
strike of rich copper sulphurets was
made last week on the News com-
pany’s property south of Jerome.
This is the property lately operated
by Messrs. Owen and Van Zandt.
The property is already equipped
with a steam hoist, and on Saturday
a large new boiler was received by
them which will increase the mo-
tive power of the plant. The addi-
tional power will be of use in running
two compressors. The parties having
a bond on the property are so well
pleased with it that they have taken
up the bond, paying the full amount
of the purchase price, although the
bond had not yet expired. The Deca-
tur company operating near Jerome
last week struck a large body of cop-
per sulphuret ore in their property.
The discovery of this, together with a
strike made almost simultaneously
in the News property, demonstrates
that the Jerome ore belt extends in a souther-
ly direction. The News and Decatur
properties are located between Jerome
and the Copper Chief mine. The De-
catur property is equipped with a
steam hoist.—Journal Miner.

CURIOUS PARIS INDUSTRY

The right to sleep in the establishment as
best they can until 2 o’clock in the
morning. At that hour the wineshops
are closed. But they open again at 5,
when both pickers and cleaners enter,
and by taking another glass of wine,
each may sleep till the morning. Dur-
ing the interval between closing and
opening the tobacco put up in pack-
ets has been handed over to the sales-
men, who dispose of it in workmen’s
quarters like the Place Maubert, as the
men pass on their way to work. The
purchasers consist chiefly of masons,
who all come from the country dis-
tricts of Limousin and Creuse, and are
delighted to get a large packet of to-
bacco for two pence. There are,
moreover, real tobacco shopkeepers
who purchase the vile stuff and mix it
with good tobacco, the profit derived
therefrom being naturally consider-
able. This practice does not, however,
go to any great extent.—Gazette.

FLED TO AMERICA

Escape of a Thief Who Stole $50,000
Worth of Jewels.

Antonio Meldini, who was a waiter
in a hotel in Pisa, Italy, where the
daughter of the German ambassador
to France was staying in March, is
thought to have fled to America with
the 200,000 marks (or $50,000) worth
of jewels he stole from her room on
March 19. The Berlin police have lost
track of him. Through the jewelers’
circular the German ambassador has
offered a reward of 3,000 marks, or
$750, for the return of the jewelry, and
1,000 marks—or $250—for information
leading to the arrest of the thief. Mel-
dini was born at Boggni, in Lucca, in
1854, has a very yellow complexion,
dark eyes and black hair and mus-
tache. An offer of a reward for his
capture was sent out by the police of
Berlin on May 8, and a general de-
scription of the jewels was printed a
week before. When the German am-
bassador proposed to advertise the
theft in America he was asked to in-
crease the reward. He was told that
$250 was a very small reward to of-
fer in America for jewels worth $50,-
000, but he would not do so.

Among the most valuable jewels stol-
en are a necklace of pearls, the clasp
of which is surrounded by two circles
of diamonds, with a large gray pearl
in the center; a brooch 1½ inches long
and 1¼ inches wide, consisting of a
large black opal surrounded by yellow
diamonds and baroque pearls; the
black opal shows red and green rays
and is an exceedingly rare specimen;
the only stone of its kind of similar
size, it is said, is in the crown of the
czar of Russia; a star of diamonds, a
large diamond in the center surround-
ed by small ones; a pair of diamond
earrings of old-style manufacture,
having in the center a large diamond
weighing between five and six karats,
and a black pearl pin. The other jew-
els are a diamond brooch in the shape
of a leaf, composed of small diamonds,
in the center of which is a large bril-
liant having a pearl pendant; two
large oval brooches in Turkish style,
surrounded by diamonds; one oval
brooch containing a cabochon emerald
surrounded by diamonds; a gold brooch
showing elaborate work set with ru-
bies and brilliants; a gold chain brace-
let set with sapphires; a pair of ear-
rings containing baroque pearls sur-
rounded with rubies; a small brooch
with garnets and small pearls, and a
gold brooch in the natural color of the
gold, studded with diamonds.—New
York Sun.

KRUEGER BARELY CIVILIZED

HEIRESS-HUNTING RISKS.

From the facts developed in the suit
of three German banks to recover from
the estate of Prince Leopold of Isen-
berg-Birstein, on account of moneys
loaned him with which to fit out a wife-
hunting expedition to the United
States, it appears that many banks
abroad have been doing a safe and
hitherto profitable business in the line
of taking risks of this kind. Impecun-
ious princes who go out hunting for
rich heiresses in America guarantee
to the banks which furnish the outfits
a certain percentage of what falls to
the heiress captured. Leopold failed
to bring down any game, however,
though his father’s wife was Maria
Louise, Archduchess of Austria and
Princess of Tuscany, sister of the cel-
ebrated Johann Orth, who resigned
all his royal honors to become a sea-
captain. This kind of brokerage, it
would seem, is not so remunerative as
it formerly was. But many poor fel-
lows are doubtless in the same fix as
was young Leopold. They cannot af-
ford to keep up their titles. These
will fetch nothing for cash at home,
but if properly handled in America
may draw a big prize. They fit out
tiger-hunting and other expeditions
on the brokerage plan in Europe,
and why is not the same plan legiti-
mate in heiress hunting? The only
trouble seems to be that game is get-
ting very scarce in the best American
preserves—and very shy at that.

THE MADDENING ROOT BEER.

Mrs. Helen I. Bullock of the W. C.
T. U. has made another horrible dis-
covery to the effect that root beer
contains alcohol, and has begun a cru-
sade against the dangers of the root
beer habit. No doubt Evanston needed
this new reform. It has been so
quiescent of late that anyone might
have known it was in some mischief,
but it required the keen scent of the W.
C. T. U. to discover that the secret sin
of Evanstonians was root beer. The
only trouble with Mrs. Bullock’s cru-
sade is that it is too limited. Root
beer is not the only thing that contains
alcohol. To be certain that no ves-
tige of alcohol goes into the Evanston-
ian stomach she should close up the
bakeries and forbid the use of yeast.
Homemade bread, especially when
fresh, may contain as much alcohol
as root beer. Unleavened bread is less
open to suspicion. Fruits are some-
times known to generate alcohol in the
stomach. In fact, all solid foods are
more or less dangerous in this respect.
Nothing remains but milk and water,
and milk is not above suspicion. At
present there seems to be no particular
danger of delirium tremens in a
straight diet of absolutely pure water,
but it should be first filtered and then
boiled. Mrs. Bullock is too modest in
her reform program.—Chicago Tribune.

HER SCHEME FAILED.

She stood looking up at him so in-
nocently from under that sprig of mis-
tletoe that still hung in the parlor as a
reminder of the Christmas season; she
was so pretty, and she was under the
mistletoe, and he could not help it—he
kissed her.

It was an ungentlemanly and an un-
manly thing to do. He knew that now
as he remembered her frightened,
startled look, and the miserable ex-
cuses he had tried to stammer out.
Yes, and the tears in her eyes, and the
little choking sob with which she had
received his stumbling apology.

“Who could think she would feel
like that about it?” he thought.
“Dear little innocent.”
And she, after he was gone—she laid
down on the sofa and cried.
"I like him so much, and now to
think that he should kiss me at last,
and then say he didn’t mean anything
by it. What does he think I stood
there for—the little idiot?”