."AGE SIX

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SATURDAY MORNING, MARCH 19, 1921

WEATHER FORECAST
Arizona generally fair Saturday and Sunday; no decided change in temperature.
Colorado Generally fair Sunday probably fair.
New Mexico Generally fair and Sunday, not much change in temperature.
West Texas Saturday and generally fair, little change in temperature.
Southern California Showers. Weather fair Saturday; fair Sunday, little change in temperature.

Stations

Boston ...... 28 35 Clear .00
Buffalo ...... 30 36 Cloudy .00
Chicago ...... 60 62 Pt. Cldy .00
Denver ...... 74 76 Cloudy .00
Flagstaff .... 54 62 Pt. Cldy .00
Fresno ...... 60 64 Cloudy .00
Galveston .... 70 74 Pt. Cldy .00
Kansas City .. 50 54 Pt. Cldy .00
Los Angeles .. 60 62 Cloudy .00
Minneapolis .. 64 68 Pt. Cldy .00
New Orleans .. 84 90 Cloudy .00
New York ..... 76 84 Cloudy .00
Oklahoma ..... 40 44 Pt. Cldy .00
Phoenix ...... 84 86 Cloudy .00
Pittsburgh .... 82 88 Clear .00
Portland, Ore. 46 50 Cloudy .12
St. Louis ..... 72 76 Clear .00
Salt Lake City 56 60 Cloudy .00
San Antonio ... 58 60 Cloudy .00
San Diego ..... 54 56 Pt. Cldy .00
San Francisco .. 42 46 Cloudy .24
Seattle ...... 46 48 Cloudy .00
Tampa ........ 70 82 Clear .00
Tucson ........ 80 82 Pt. Cldy .04
Washington ..... 50 58 Clear .00
Winnipeg ...... 34 42 Clear .00
Suna .......... 52 58 Pt. Cldy .00

Local Weather Yesterday

6 a. m. Noon 6 p. m.
Minimum AWT bulb .. 50 84
Minimum wet bulb ... 53 62
Humidity per cent. 61 32
Wind from .......... SE NW W
Wind miles ......... 4 5 15
Rainfall ............ 0 0
Weather ............ Clear Clear Cloudy
Highest yesterday .. 84
Lowest yesterday .. 57
Wind rainfall ...... 0
Skm in temperature yesterday, 11 degrees.
Excess in temperature since the first of the month, 107 degrees.
Simulated excess in temperature since January 1, 268 degrees.
Normal precipitation January 1 to March 19, 2.22 inches.
Actual precipitation January 1 to March 19, 1.95 inches.
Deficiency since January 1, 0.27 inches.

ROBERT Q. GRANT.

Suicides in the United States during 1920 numbered 6171, including 707 children. The members of Phoenix Chapter No. 5 will meet at Masonic Hall at 1:30 p. m. to attend the funeral of our departed sister, Mary Elvey.
PAULINE THOMPSON, W. M.

MIRRORS REFLECTED
$1 PER SQUARE FOOT. WORK GUARANTEED.

SOUTHWESTERN
NEW PHONE 3003. 3
SUV Adv.

SASH & DOOR
15 W. JACKSON
tf

HANSON & KARLSON
737 GRAND AVE.
Machinists Engineers
Auto and Gas Engine Mechanics
Welding and Forging

SPECIALISTS
In the Examination of Eyes and the Fitting of Correct Glass
Northrup Optical Co.
9 EAST ADAMS STREET
Phone 690 for Appointment

PLUMBING
HONEST WORK FAIR PRICES
Send me your work for quick and efficient service.
O. E. BELLAS
110 North First St. Phone 2878

IF IT'S JEWELRY WE MAKE IT TO ORDER
GEO. DE FREITAS
Manufacturing Jeweler
If It's Broken We Repair It

25 North First Ave., Phoenix

Watch Repairing

COMES TO JOIN HUSBAND Mrs. H. A. Hanigan, wife of Colonel Hanigan, senior inspector of the Arizona National Guard, arrived yesterday from California.

TO NOGALES FOR WEEK-END State Treasurer and Mrs. Raymond Earhart left yesterday for Nogales, where they will spend the week-end.

AT TUCSON COTTON CONFERENCE E. W. Hudson of the Arizona commission of agriculture and horticulture; Don C. Mote, state entomologist, and W. H. Knox, manager of the Arizona Cotton Growers' association, were in Tucson yesterday for a conference with cotton growers of that county.
HERE FROM TOMBSTONE R. J. Cornelius, one of the city councilmen of Tombstone, is in Phoenix on business and incidentally visiting with his sister, Mrs. D. L. Cunningham at 303 West Latham street. Mr. Cornelius is returning to Tombstone today.

BAKED FOOD SALE The Ladies' Aid society of Zion Lutheran church will hold a baked food sale at Hackett's market this afternoon. All those who contribute to the sale are requested by the committee in charge to deliver their parcels not later than 1 o'clock today.

NEW SHOES Mrs. Calvin Coolidge (above) has been presented with these three pairs of handmade shoes, made by the workers in a Lynn, Mass., factory. Every girl in the plant worked on them. Mrs. Coolidge's name is printed in gold on the insoles of each shoe.

FINED FOR SEINING FISH Benito Guiterez and T. Ortega yesterday pleaded guilty before Justice Henry J. Sullivan on a charge of seining for fish in the Salt River at Joint Head and were fined $5 each. The complaint was made by Joe Prochaska, state game warden. According to the state law, nets, seines or traps cannot be used in catching fish.
SENTENCED TO PRISON Rafael Guitarez and Hlesio Castillo, who were found guilty last Monday by a jury in the superior court on a charge of burglary, yesterday were sentenced by Judge A. S. Gibbons of Apache county, sitting for Judge Stanford, to serve from one to two years each in the state penitentiary at Florence. They were charged with entering a railroad car at Gila Bend and removing some oranges. PHOENIX PEOPLE IN MOVIES
Of especial interest to Phoenix people is the news reel shown today at the Columbia theater. It shows views of the excursion to Mexico City on the occasion of the Inauguration of President Obregon. Many of the Phoenix people who went on that excursion are seen in this news reel, together with numerous interesting scenes.
JUBILEE SINGERS TO APPEAR
On Sunday evening, March 20, the Heath Jubilee singers will appear at the Central Christian church. One of the special numbers they will render will be "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot."
The revival meetings now in progress at this church will continue until Easter, with services every evening except Saturday, at 7:45 o'clock.
INJURED IN AUTO ACCIDENT
Sustaining a severe injury to his nose in an automobile accident, D. R. Johnson, rate expert with the corporation commission, is at home from Congress Junction where he met with the injury. Driving over the rough mountain roads the car gave a sudden lurch as it went over a chuck hole, throwing Mr. Johnson forward. He struck the top of the car, severely cutting his nose. He will be under treatment for some time, according to his physician.
GEO. H. ROVEY FUNERAL TODAY
Funeral services for George Henry Rovey, who died Friday morning at the home of his son, Albert Rovey, six miles northwest on the Black Canyon road, will be held at the H. W. Maus chapel, 311 North First avenue, at 4 o'clock this afternoon. Rev. Emanuel Frey will officiate. The body will be shipped to the family home at Farmersville, Ill., for interment. The casket will be accompanied by the widow and son.
SURVEY IS ORDERED J. S. Hopwood, who yesterday applied for a certificate of convenience and necessity to operate a water plant on the Le Veta tract, was informed by the corporation commission that before any action could be taken a survey must be made by one of its engineers. Hopwood asked for the privilege of supplying water to the 20 residents on his district north of the Indian School road on Seventh street. After the necessary "red tape is gone through the commission will rule on the application.

DISMISS CONDEMNATION SUITS
A suit filed early in February by the California, Arizona & Santa Fe Railway company and the Arizona Eastern Railway company jointly against T. Fannin, Kate Fannin, John Doe, Richard Roe, Jane Roe and Black company asking for a court order to condemn the tract of land lying just south of Harrison street at Fifth avenue for public use, was dismissed yesterday by the attorneys for the railway companies. The dismissal was not made in open court. The railroad companies asked for the condemnation of the property for use in building a new joint terminal and passenger station. It is understood that all parties concerned have reached an agreement outside of court as to the price to be paid for the land. The suits were filed by Attorneys Chalmers, Stahl, Fennemore & Longan for the Santa Fe and Attorneys Bullard & Jacobs for the Arizona Eastern.
DROVE CAR WHILE INTOXICATED C. J. Clifford yesterday was found guilty after a hearing before Justice Henry J. Sullivan on a charge of driving an automobile on a public highway while intoxicated and was fined $23. The complaint was made by Mrs. Anna Hope, who said she met Clifford on March 9 driving his car across the Tempe bridge on the wrong side of the road. Mrs. Hope said she stopped her car, but Clifford failed to stop and collided with her car. Ake Luken of Chandler confirmed the testimony of Mrs. Hope and both said Clifford was in an intoxicated condition at the time.

If you were 13 and had beautiful hair of henna shade for which you were offered $3,000, would you decline? Even in bobbed hair days, and if $3,000 meant a longed-for college education? Grace Nicholas (above) of Evansville, Ind., refused. A Chicago actress offered the $3,000.

Coming Events

Friday, March 18, dance at the Woman's club.
Saturday, March 19, Maricopa County Teachers association at the school administration building, 1:30 p. m.
Saturday, March 19, "Jazz Carnival" at the Pendergast school, 8 p. m.
Monday, March 21, Kathryn Ludden, reader, at Arizona School of Music.
Wednesday, March 30, Initiation and dinner of local Voiture No. 35, Societe des 40 Hommes et 8 Chevaux, American Legion.

OBITUARIES

W. E. Mansell
W. E. Mansell passed away last evening at his home, 829 North Seventh avenue, after an illness of nearly two years. He is survived by a wife and a stepson. Mr. Mansell formerly conducted the Southwestern Live Stock Exchange in this city. Funeral arrangements await word from relatives.

Mark T. Phillips
Funeral services for Mark T. Phillips, who died early Friday morning, will be held at the mortuary of A. L. Moore and Son at 2 o'clock this afternoon. Interment will be in Greenwood cemetery. The Rev. Mr. Polhemous will conduct the services. Mr. Phillips is survived by his wife, three daughters, a son and a brother, J. W. Phillips, all of Phoenix.

MOVING INTO NEW HOME
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Leese and daughter Kathleen are moving into their beautiful new home at 60 Mitchell Drive, Bella Vista.

MRS. DANIEL FRANCIS ILL
Mrs. Daniel Francis is seriously ill at her home on North Central avenue. Miss Helen Francis, who has been in Los Angeles at school, has been advised of her mother's illness and will arrive from the coast this morning.

LICENSES TO MARRY Licenses to marry were issued yesterday to Nicolas Omelaz, 41, and Rafaela Sanchez, 39, both of Phoenix; Alfredo P. Guitierrez, 23, and Rosaria Ponce, 18, both of Goodyear; Robert C. Burns, 21, and Grace K. Haines, 23, both of Phoenix; and Frank H. Lewis and Mamie Jones, both of Phoenix.

STOLE BICYCLE, IS CHARGED
Albert Reeves yesterday was arraigned before Justice Henry J. Sullivan on a charge of grand larceny. The preliminary hearing was set for Monday afternoon and Reeves was released under a bond of $300 which he furnished. The complaint was made by Pearl Skelton who alleges Reeves took his bicycle. Reeves claims he bought the wheel for $25 from a man who was leaving for California that day.

WAS BURYING LIQUOR While driving near Tolleson yesterday afternoon, Deputy Sheriffs F. L. Meeks and Gilbert Blanco noticed a Mexican beside the road digging a hole and stopped to investigate. In a Ford car which the Mexican said he had driven to the place the officers found a 10-gallon keg partly filled with "moonshine" whiskey and four quart bottles of the same liquid. The Mexican was placed under arrest and brought to the county jail on a charge of transporting intoxicating liquor.

FIND TEQUILA IN CAR Constable Howard Woods and Officer J. Peirsoll of Tempe last night placed Dillon Johnson under arrest after they found five cases of tequila in quart bottles in a Studebaker car which he was driving. A companion riding with Johnson in the car jumped out when the officers approached and made his escape. The arrest was made last night about 10 o'clock as the men in the car were driving across the bridge at Tempe en route to Phoenix. Johnson was brought to the county jail in Phoenix and a charge of transporting intoxicating liquor will be filed against him today, the officers said last night.

MOTOR CAR BURNED A Kissel car driven by U. H. Burroughs caught fire about 6 o'clock last evening from the exhaust of the engine and was totally destroyed by the flames. The machine caught while he was driving on South Center street about two miles south of the bridge. The blaze was beyond control when Sheriff Montgomery and Deputy Sheriff Meeks reached the scene and they towed the burning machine to one side of the road. Luckily the flames melted the solder on the feed pipe leading from the gasoline tank to the engine and all of the gasoline ran out of the tank before the blaze could reach it. Burroughs said the car was owned by his mother, a Mrs. Soigler, who lives about five miles east of Phoenix on the Tempe road.

MURDER CHARGES CONTINUED
The preliminary hearing of C. T. Littlefield, charged with the murder of J. M. Dunn, rancher, will begin this morning in the court of Justice Henry J. Sullivan. Littlefield is the brother-in-law of Dunn, whose body with nine bullet holes in the top of the head was found lying on a low cot in the front room of his home on Orange road near the Grand canal on the night of March 10 by his wife and four children. He had been shot through a hole in the window made by a missing window glass as he lay asleep on the cot. Littlefield, Frank St. Clair, former ranch hand employed by Dunn, and General R. Smith, were all arrested and charged with the murder. Smith will have a hearing next Tuesday and St. Clair a hearing on Thursday.

PLANS MODEL CITY IN CHINA
S. Won-Kingsing, a young Chinese graduate of the University of Minnesota, is planning to build a model city to be called Gee Len, in the province of Kwang Tung, China. Won-Kingsing, who is 25 years old, has been in the United States five years, and since graduating in an academic course has devoted his time to a study of the living conditions and education of his race. His father died recently, leaving him 700 square miles of heavily timbered land, and it is on this that he plans his Chinese-American city, which will be a model in many ways for many others to be constructed later throughout China. Some of the fundamentals of the first known apartment house which is in China will be incorporated in the modern ideas of the American architects.
In his project, Won-Kingsing has the co-operation of many leading Chinese educators, business men and government officials, both here and at home. He has been through the big tract of land on hunting trips. It is now unsettled, as it is a dense forest of hardwood, akin to teakwood. There is enough lumber available, he said, to support the little model colony right from the start, while as the land is cleared it will be very suitable for sugar planting and the raising of other valuable commodities. New York Times.

Flax straw is used in the manufacture of rugs, carpets and upholstery.

WHICH IS MORE BEAUTIFUL, MAN OR WOMAN? EXPERTS DISAGREE

Andreas Pavley (at left) and Mlle. Heldia

And all the rest

Tiny "Vamps" Beat Grown-Up Sisters

Arizona Iron Works, Inc.
19TH AVE. & HARRISON ST.
Foundry & Machine Shop
Castings and Machine Repairing
E. C. VOSS, Manager

CARD OF THANKS

We wish to express our heartfelt gratitude for the many acts of friendly helpfulness and the many tokens of sympathy and affection from our friends and neighbors which helped to relieve the pain and sorrow caused by the death of our beloved son and brother.
J. D. HOWELL.
LETTIE M. HOWELL.
LENA, LUCILLE and
RUTH HOWELL.

FOR SALE or RENT at once good house on large lot. 10 LeBaron Add., S. Robson St. Make offer to F. A. Kirkwood, Ford Garage, Phoenix.
Adv.

Constable Ice and Fuel Company
Phone 1555
WOOD AND COAL

DURO AND DELCO
Electric Automatic Pumps for Suburban and County Homes, No Tank or Tower. Fresh Water at the Turn of Faucet. Over 150 Satisfied Users in the Salt River Valley.
HARRIS BROTHERS
141 North First St.

BY MARIAN HALE
NEW YORK This argument was started in the stone age.
But up bobs Dr. R. T. MacKenzie of the University of Pennsylvania and starts it all over again.
"Men are more beautiful than women," opines the professor, publicly.
And the battle is on.
"Never!" exclaims "Dolores" of the "Sally" company, now playing on Broadway.
Andreas Pavley, head of the Pavley Oukrainsky ballet, produces his measurements to show how man leads in physical perfection. Neck 15.4, Upper chest 38, Upper arm 13, Waist 30, Hips 35, Thigh 23.4, Height 5 ft. 10.
"No, no," says Mlle Heldia, whose dancing has fascinated Paris, and who is acclaimed the most beautiful dancer in France. "Women are the more beautiful. Measurements? Pouf! You cannot speak of beauty in measurements."
"Beauty must have an element of dignity," says George Cram Cook, Greek scholar, author and director of the Provincetown players. "A woman's body seldom shows it. Man carries it in every posture. I don't want to be brutal but watch a woman run."
"Men are too interested in money to be beautiful," decides Edna St. Vincent Millay, poetess and playwright. "Women are body-conscious; men are not."
"Beauty isn't a matter of sex," holds Mary Garden, head of the Chicago Grand Opera company. "Beauty isn't so much a matter of line as a matter of content. A woman may have it; a man may have it; or even a building or a shovel may have it."
"The modern girl is a flat-chested physical frump," said Dr. MacKenzie. "Boys of today measure up to the old Greek standards while our girls do not."
So the battle rages.

THE MEANEST MEAN MAN
President Edward L. Doheny of the Mexican Petroleum company was talking in New York about a mean man. He said:
"Like all mean men, he can't help his meanness. Sometimes he tries to be generous, to loosen up, but it's no use."
"They tell a story about him. It seems that once, in the bad old days, before the blessing of prohibition descended on us, he invited two men into a saloon. He lined them up at the bar, gave them each a joyful slap on the back and said heartily:
"'Now, then, which of you fellows is going to have a drink on me?'"
Los Angeles Times.

Experiments in Turkestan to extract edible oil from a wild plant called kumtarr have proved successful. The residue is made into oil cake which is very nutritious.

This being a thinking age, we need only remind folks that price is never a test of cheapness. A poor article at any price is a poor buy.
Suits and other wearables are investments! Consider the character of the house behind them.
With us you're not only assured of the best at a fair price, but money back, any time, if you want it.

Have you seen our new Spring hats?
Bright new Spring colors.
The latest blocks.
Finest quality.

McDougald & Cassou
Washington Street

Dollar Dance. Midway Hall Sat. eve. March 19 1921 Pixley's Orchestra.
Adv.

TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY

Money
Have a sale contract SECURED by real estate, for $1,875; due in Sept. and Jan. Will take $1,000 cash; MUST be in Mexico on the 5th. See Lea Lawrence at Coliseum Shooting Gallery.

WANTED To buy nice bungalow, well located; must be reasonable. Answer, giving full particulars; no dealers. Box 52X, Republican.

FOR SALE 160 full-blooded R. L. R. baby chicks, extra strong. 2201 W. Madison St.

LOST Vest pocket expense book with personal memoranda and cards. V. O. Wallingford, 510 Heard Bldg.

AUTO OWNERS
WINDSHIELDS, GLASS FOR ALL MAKES OF CARS. GENUINE PLATE GLASS. PRICES FROM $3.50 TO $14.00 SET.
SOUTHWESTERN SASH & DOOR CO., PHONE 3008. 05-W; JACKSON ST. Adv.

Doyle's Taxi
Phone 4118
18 blocks for 50c

Enter, the six-year-old "vamp."
And, for vamping purposes, she is far superior to her grown-up sister.
At least that's what Portland, Oregon, war veterans are ready to testify.
The vets wanted to raise a big fund for a new Portland headquarters. They tried all sorts of methods to get the cash. Always they fell short of their goal. Then, someone got a bright idea.
A big automobile appeared on the streets, carrying half a dozen "baby vamps." The age limit was six. The stunt was a "riot." The needed money was raised in a single day. The picture shows little Iva Sloan, who led the tiny "vamp" parade.

CANADA'S GOVERNOR? General Julian Byng, British hero of Vimy Ridge and Cambrai, may be the next governor-general of Canada. His wife, Lady Marie Evelyn Byng, is an author. The term of the present governor-general of Canada expires this year.

SPECIALS
SUGAR 1 lb. 80c
With 5 worth of other groceries.
POTATOES
Fancy Potatoes, 10 lbs. for 40c
Star Flour, 24-lb. sack 94c
Onions, 10 lbs. for 40c
Assorted Jams, 2-lb. cans 75c
Picnic Hams, per lb. 25c
Fancy Japan Rice, 6 lbs. for 45c
Pink Salmon, 2 tall cans 45c
Pie Apples, 1-gal. can 60c
P. & G. Naptha Soap, 10 bars for 95c
Breakfast Bacon, per lb. 35c
Peanut Butter, 3-lb. can 95c
Griebel's Grocery
WE DELIVER
218 West Washington St.
Phone 1508

Easter Opening

Mrs. Fort Announces the Formal Opening of a Splendidly Appointed Milliner Shop in Parlor A, Hotel Adams, Today From 10:00 A. M. Until 9:00 P. M.
Lovely new models fill the cases and enchant the eyes. And how smart they are, in all their charming colors of springtime, of endless variety and exquisite trimming used in new and delightful ways!
Beautiful Leghorns, exquisite Organdies, chic Sport Hats and very smart Tailored Hats are gathered here for your inspection.
You will want to see them and make an early selection, and you are certain to like the exclusiveness of our shop and the friendly, personal service that awaits you.
MRS. FORT
EXCLUSIVE MILLINERY
Parlor A, Mezzanine Floor, Hotel Adams