PAGE EIGHT

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 10, 1911
BOARD OF TRADE
SOUTH SIDE NEWS
HORACE B. GRIFFIN, JR., GENERAL SOUTHSIDE AGENT
Refer to him Subscription Orders, Stops, Changes, as well as all Business regarding Advertising and Job Printing.
TEMPLE OFFICE MESA OFFICE
Casa Loma Hotel Bldg., Phone 53. With Everybody's Drug Store, Phone 6 or 55
Tempe Correspondent, H. B. Griffin, Jr. Mesa Correspondent Chas. F. Jones

ELECTS OFFICERS
Orange Growers!
Other Recent Events in the Town of
Chandler
An enthusiastic and well attended
meeting of the Chandler board of
trade was held Tuesday evening, at
which a number of things regarding
the work of the body for the
coming year were discussed. Among
them was the better lighting of the
streets, and a committee consisting
of Messrs. D. M. Arnold, R. M. Tur
ner and W. D. Sprigg was appointed
to take the matter in hand.
The following board of directors
were elected by the unanimous vote
of the members present: F. V. X.
Dana, Geo. H. Sturgeon, G. L. Holl
ands, Walter Lane, E. X. Burner,
A. E. Price and Deimar Williams.

We have the largest orange orchard in Arizona. We want to
make it larger. To do so we are offering 100 acres for sale in
acre tracts at $350 per acre. The trees are one year in the orchard now and will produce the expense of upkeep next year.
You can't find anything else like this in Arizona, grapefruit
orchard at the same price: Marsh's seedless variety of orange
trees are Washington Navel. Our tract is the first to be served
with water in the whole Salt River Valley Project. We are six
miles northeast of Mesa. By actual thermometer test the mercury has never registered below 32 degrees this winter. Let us
show you what we have

MICHIGAN AGGIES
TO LOSE TWO STARS

TEMPLE
HIS APPRECIATES
THE BAND CONCERTS
MESA LOSES ONE OF ITS
BEST KNOWN MERCHANTS

The Sunday Afternoon Performances
Appeal to Many and the Musicians Do Their Best to Please.

Concerts by the Tempe Merchants'
band are proving more and more at
tractive features every Sunday after
noon. Large crowds assemble about
the lawn of the city hall at every
public appearance and the audience
always proves an enthusiastic one. The
band appreciates the interest of the
public and never misses an opportunity
to introduce some new feature
that will add to the worth of the
program.
For this afternoon the band has
secured the assistance of Prof. Venne,
instructor of the Indian school band,
and his wife. Prof. Venne will probably render several clarinet solos,
while Mrs. Venne will perform on the
saxophone. These with other special
features will greatly increase the popularity of today's program. On account of the fact that the days are
short and the program long, the concert will begin promptly at 3 o'clock.
The splendid program follows:
March "Our Special."
Overture "Princess of India."
Cornet solo "When Irish Eyes Are
Smiling."
Rag "My Little Persian Rose."
Song "When I Lost You."
Spanish serenade "La Paloma."
March "The Great Divide."
Rag "Cum Kac."
Waltz "Isle of Dreams."
March "Brotherhood."

ADDINGTON SCHOOL OF ARTS,
614 W 5th St. Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Ad
dington, graduate artist. All materials free except canvas. Lessons 25c
per hour. Oil and sepia, French crayon, chemical oil for fabric china, blue
key and pastel, free. Adv.

TEMPE CHURCHES TODAY.
Congregational C. H. Daines, pas
tor. The pastor will speak morning
and evening. Subject for the morning will be "God and Man." In the
evening he will lecture to the Normal cadets on the theme "George
Washington, the Man, Soldier and
Statesman." Those that attend may
be assured that they will enjoy the
music, with Miss Schmidt at the
organ. Sunday school at 10 a. m.,
David Carnes, superintendent.
Baptist N. A. Coxley, pastor. Bible
school at 9:45 a. m. Morning
worship at 11. The pastor's subject
will be "The True Life." At 7:30 p.
m. he will preach on "Experience."
All the young people of the church
are urged to be present at the 6:45
T. P. U. service when Miss Lena
Wolf will be the leader.
Methodist Wilber Fisk, pastor.
There will be the usual services to
day. Preaching by the pastor at 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Sunday school
at 10 a. m. and Epworth league at
6:45.
Christian J. R. Rountree, pastor.
Enthusiasm has entered into the contest between the Tucson and Tempe
Bible schools and all members of the
Tempe school are urged to be on
hand today and help keep up the
lead. School starts promptly at 10
a. m. and you must be there at
that hour in order to be on time.
Preaching by the pastor at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Young people's Christian Endeavor society at 6:45 p. m.
You will be welcome at all these
services.

TO CONSIDER BUDGET.
The city council spent some time
considering and discussing the city
budget, in adjourned session Friday
night. However, further information
was wanted on the matter and the council took recess until Tuesday night, when they
are to complete the budget and plan
for tax assessment and equalization.

Buy Your
Groceries and Meats
at the
Harry Lukin
CASH STORE
Phone 7 E. 8th St.
Tempe

Schaeffer's Cash Meat Market

"THE SANITARY MARKET"

Now Open for Business
Doors North or
FRESH MEATS
FISH ON FRIDAYS
OYSTERS
A new shop in a new home
Try
Schaeffer
Tempe,

Blake Miller (top) and Carp Julian.
Coach Macklin of the Michigan
Aggies loses only two regulars from
his 1910 football squad, but their departure will leave mighty big holes
in the Lansing machine.
Fullback Carp Julian and quarterback Blake Miller are the men
Macklin loses. They were over half
the offensive strength of his team.
than was at hand was wanted on
the matter and the council took re-
cess until Tuesday night, when they
are to complete the budget and plan
for tax assessment and equalization.

MESA PARTY HERE.
Mr. W. M. Amos and party of Mesa
motored over to Tempe yesterday
afternoon and spent some time with
friends.

INSTALLING GAS HEATER.
Workmen were busy yesterday running piping and installing fittings for
a gas range in the kitchen of the
Methodist church. The range is the
gift to the church from Mrs.
Peterson and, when installed, will
complete the splendid equipment of
the kitchen.

LANDS BICYCLE THIEF.
Marshal Browning yesterday morning arrested John Williams, a negro,
wanted in Phoenix for the larceny
of a bicycle. Williams was taken
over to the Capital city by Deputy
Sheriff Estrada in the afternoon.

AUTO BURNED UP.
A brand new six-cylinder automobile, belonging to a Phoenix party,
was totally destroyed by fire yesterday afternoon just beyond the
Tempe bridge. The owner of the car
started to crank it, when it back
fired and set the whole business
afire. The car was practically de-
stroyed. It was just out of the factory and the owner had not yet had
a show to insure it.

TONIGHT'S MOVIES.
Tonight's moving picture program
at the Goodwin opera house is head-
ed by a two-reel special "His
Father's Son." with J. Warren Ker
rigan as the star. "Mesquite Pete's
Fortune," and Universal Boy in "The
Chinese Mystery," are the other two
reels.

VISITORS IN PHOENIX.
Rev. and Mrs. Chas. H. Daines were
visitors in the capital city yesterday
afternoon.

LOST Auto crank between Mesa
mill and residence. Return to Robt.
Scott, Mesa, Ariz. Reward

Vigorous renewal of the fight for
an eight-hour law will be made in
Phoenix when the legislature convenes.
President Brock of the Laundry
Workers' union recently exhibited
$1,000 in bills, which he charged had
been handed him as a bribe to cease
organizing.

In Its New Home, Two
the Bostoniee
DRESSED FOWLS
VEGETABLES
FRUITS
and new to your patron
us once
Market
Ariz.

J. W. Alexander, President of the A &
B Grocery Co. Disposes of His
Interest to Colorado Parties

One of the most extensive business
changes locally that went into effect
January 1st and the details of which
were not completed until yesterday,
was the sale of the entire interests of
J. W. Alexander, president of the A &
B Grocery company to C. T. Washburn
of Cortez, Colorado. The consideration has not been given out but it is re
puted to be in the neighborhood of $20,
000. Mr. Washburn has already taken
his place in the establishment. At a
meeting of the stockholders of the com
pany C. Fred Brackett was made presi
dent and Mr. Washburn secretary and
treasurer. Mr. Brackett will continue
as manager and Mr. Washburn will
have charge of the accounting system.
Eleven years ago when the Shattuck
Desmond warehouse company of Los
Angeles secured the contract for haul
ing the oil to Roosevelt during the con
struction of the dam, the grocery busi
ness of J. G. Peterson was purchased.
Ten years ago Mr. Brackett came down
from Los Angeles as manager of the
branch at this place. The Shattuck
Desmond store was later transferred to
the Shattuck-Nimme company and the
move made to the present location. At
the completion of the dam Mr. Brack
ett and Mr. Alexander incorporated the
A & B Grocery company five years ago.
The growth of the business has been
phenomenal. The concern has prospered from the outset not only has the
local field been covered but a great
deal of outfitting for the mines and
numerous trading posts throughout the
mountain section is done at the A & B.
The firm name of A & B taken from the
initial letters of the two original in
corporators Alexander and Brackett
will be continued as of old. It was the
opinion of the new partner that the
establishment of the name was permanent enough to allow it to remain
as it is.
Mr. Washburn comes to Mesa with
the highest of recommendations. For
four years prior to coming here he was
owner and manager of the Cortez Mer
cantile company. For four years previous to that he was cashier of the
American National Bank at Leadville,
Colorado. He has a family and has
come to Mesa to stay.
J. W. Alexander will leave Mesa
about February 1 for Los Angeles,
where he will purchase an orange
grove, where he will confine himself
to the raising of oranges and other
things. During his sojourn in the city
he has been identified with the finan
cial interests, at the present time being
a director of the Mesa City bank. He
has also been very popular in a social
way and has made scores of friends
who will wish him well in his new lo
cation and his new venture.

OSTRICH DINNER SUCCESS
The ostrich dinner given yesterday
at the Christian church by the members
of the L. W. Stilwell Bible class, was a
splendid success. The young bird was
cooked to a turn and it provided many
people with an opportunity of eating
the meat for the first time. The din
ner was enjoyed by a large number of
people, friends of the Sunday school.

DESERT GROWN VEGETABLES
R. L. Thiebaud, who owns a ranch
near the new siding recently put in by
the railroad company at a point four
miles southeast of Higley, was in Mesa
yesterday and reports the desert section in fine condition. Mr. Thiebaud
has a one hundred gallon irrigating
plant and has a splendid garden with
numerous kinds of vegetables which he
is placing on the market.

JOE WILLIAMSON IN TOWN
Joe Williamson, a colored bootblack
who made enough money shining shoes
in front of the West Main street bar
ber shop to buy a highly improved
grape vineyard north of town, was a
Mesa visitor yesterday. He later dis
posed of his ranch and went to Phoenix.

ANOTHER LOAD WATERMELONS
Lon Ingram, who has come to be
known as a grower of winter watermel
ons, was in Mesa yesterday with an
other load of the finest kind of Kleckley
Sweets. Mr. Ingram lives several miles
out on the desert and his melons were
grown by dry farming methods. The
vines have not been affected by frosts
or the cold weather.

DEATH OF INFANT
The 23-months-old daughter of W.
O. Phelps, died Friday night from diph
theria and was buried yesterday in the
Mesa cemetery.

ANOTHER CHILD ILL
A daughter of John T. Coleman is
reported ill from typhoid fever. Mr.
Coleman has recently lost two children
from this same ailment.

OCCUPIES NEW OFFICE
George S. Irwin yesterday moved his
office from the Commercial club rooms
to the first door north of The Tribune.
Bert L. Hames is acting in the capacity of secretary of the Commercial
club and will continue to do so until
T. B. Lee, the regularly appointed secretary takes his office February 1. Mr.
Irwin will continue to fill the office of
police justice of the city as well as his
notary work. He will also continue to

PAINFUL ACCIDENT
While adjusting the planer in his
new custom wood-working shop at
Chandler P. Pleasant suffered a
severe accident. The plate had not
yet been put over the planer and
while starting the machine, in some
way his right hand came in contact
with the knives, cutting off the end of the third finger of his right
hand.

IMPROVEMENT CO. OFFICIAL TO
LEAVE CHANDLER
Mr. Geo. T. Peabody, who for some
time has been assistant manager of
the Chandler Improvement company,
has tendered his resignation to take
effect February 1st to go into the
cattle and mercantile business in the
southern part of the state.
With Mr. Peabody's departure,
Chandler loses a valuable citizen.
Before becoming connected with the
Chandler Improvement company Mr.
Peabody was secretary of the Chamber
of Commerce and has a ranch in
the Chandler district, and both in
his various business capacities and
as a private citizen Mr. Peabody
has been a very positive factor in
the upbuilding of the new community,
and both Mr. and Mrs. Peabody will
be greatly missed by their many
friends here.

SAN MARCOS HAPPENINGS
Prominent among the coming social
events at the Hotel San Marcos,
Chandler, is the "tea" to be given
to the members of the Arizona Federation of Women's clubs on Thurs
day, January 21, at the time of their
convention in Phoenix.
Governor W. P. Hunt was host at
the hotel at dinner Sunday evening.
Covers were laid for Governor Hunt,
Clarence Wigg, Glen Teter, Claude
Yount, H. Shea, Alex Dewitt and
Theodore Saal.
Mr. and Mrs. G. Whiting Press and
Miss Press of Chicago, arrived at the
San Marcos on Thursday for an ex
tended stay.
Other recent arrivals are: Mr. and
Mrs. J. C. Schap, Miss Alice Schap,
Miss Madeline Mans and Miss M. E.
Baker, Indianapolis; G. E. Kellogg,
Mesa; J. Raymond Quinn; C. E.
Scrivner, Isadore Firnberg, C. C.
Moore, Jas. McPaeak. Cookie Graham and G. B. Bright, Phoenix.

GLENDALE
VISITING ROOSEVELT DAM
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Buff, Mrs. W.
W. Little and Rev. Sample went to
Roosevelt Wednesday and returned
Thursday. They went in Mr. Sample's Ford and they made the return
trip in four hours and forty minutes.

GLENDALE P. T. A.
The Glendale Parent Teachers' As
sociation will meet at the High
School building Friday night. Prof.
Davis will read a paper entitled
"Positive and Negative." The discussion will be led by Mr. Morgan, the
manual training teacher.

HAVE MOVED TO CITY
Mrs. H. B. Morris and children have
moved into the city since the death of
Mr. Morris. It was one of the plans of
Mr. Morris before his death to move to
Provo, Utah, where his children might
have the advantage of a college educa
tion and it is probable that his plans
will be carried out by his wife.

HIGLEY IS GROWING
George Rosenfeld of the Rosenfeld
Mercantile company of Higley, was a
Mesa visitor yesterday. He reports
that the recent rains have made wonderful changes in the desert vegetation.
There are hundreds of acres of grain,
and that was benefited by the unusual
precipitation.

MESA DAIRY AND ICE MEETING
The annual meeting of the stockholders of the Mesa Dairy and Ice company
was held yesterday forenoon in the
town hall for the purpose of electing
officers and directors for the ensuing
year. The following directors were
elected: President, Robert Scott; secretary, O. McCullough; vice president,
Wm. Amos; attorney, M. J. Dougherty.
The following stockholders were elected to the board of directors: Robert
Scott, Omer McCullough, George Allison, Wm. Amos and J. R. Wallace;

MRS. SCHEULE IMPROVING
Mrs. J. M. Scheule, who was threatened with an attack of appendicitis
early last week, was reported as recovering yesterday and it is believed that
she is out of all danger.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE MEETING
The executive committee of the Mesa
Poultry and Pet Stock association met
Friday evening in the Commercial club
rooms and proceeded to make further
arrangements for the show to be held
in the Barnett building on the 21, 22
and 23 of this month. It is practically
assured that there will be between
three and four hundred birds entered
for the exhibit. The committee is very
anxious to make the first show a signal
success and the prizes are to be valuable enough to bring out the best
fowls of the community.

The Mesa City Nursery
Paul Baxter Peville, Prop.

VISITING DAUGHTER
Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Mars are here
from Galesburg, Illinois, to visit their
daughter and family, Mr. and Mrs.
Warren Perkins.

COTTON SHIPMENTS
A carload of baled cotton left the
local gin Wednesday morning for Gal
veston. The same day a car of cotton was received from Hassayampa,
to be ginned at the local plant.

SHIP CATTLE
Cowden Tiros shipped a car of
beef cattle to Pabst Bros. of Flag
staff Wednesday.

ATTEND WEDDING
Mrs. C. H. Tinker, Mrs. H. T. Cart
mel and Mrs. George Cox attended
the Tom Thumb wedding at the Co
lumbia theater in Phoenix.

DEAN SCARLETT PREACHES
Next Sunday night Dean Scarlett of
Phoenix will preach at the Woman's
Club building. Rev. Scarlett conducts
a service every Sunday evening at
the Phoenix Y. M. C. A. so cannot begin his services here before eight
o'clock.

WHIST CLUB MEETS
The Whist club will meet at the
Women's Club building Friday night.
The hostesses will be Mesdames
Charles Allen, F. T. Patterson, C. Robinson, J. G. Brooks and W. J. Osborn.

BABY BOY
Mr. and Mrs. Wright announce the
arrival of a fine baby boy at their
house. Mother and child are doing
nicely.

BOY AT SAM STOUT'S
A bouncing baby boy arrived a day
or two ago to make its home with Mr.
and Mrs. Sam Stout.

LIVE STOCK BUSINESS
Two Popular Citizens Form Partnership in Commission Business.
Under the firm name of the Arizona
Live Stock Commission company, A.
J. Moore and F. M. King have opened
offices at 23 West Jefferson street.
The new concern will engage in a
general livestock commission business, undertaking principally to bring
buyer and seller together. They will
handle everything saleable on "four
feet," including entire herds of cattle, horses and mules, together with
droves of sheep, goats, etc.
A. J. Moore, familiarly known as
"Johnnie" is a cattleman and horseman of many years experience, al
though for several recent years he
held the office of chief of police of
this city.
He numbers his friends and acquaintances in Arizona by the thou
sands. Frank King for years was engaged
in livestock commission business both
in Arizona and Texas. Years ago he
was engaged in newspaper work in
this city but returned to the commission business. Like Moore, his acquaintance in the southwest is
extensive. The new firm is already installed
at its offices and is ready for business. Its success seems assured
from the outset.

NOTICE OF PRIVATE SALE OF
REAL ESTATE
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE
STATE OF ARIZONA, IN AND
FOR MARICOPA COUNTY
IN THE MATTER OF THE ESTATE
OF ROSARIA LEON MARTINEZ,
Deceased. No. 1923.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN That
in pursuance of an order of the above
entitled court, made in the above en
titled matter, on the 5th day of January, 1915, the undersigned, as admin
istrator, will sell at private sale to the
highest bidder for cash, the following
described real estate:
An undivided One-half (1/2) interest
in and to the Northeast Quarter (1/4) of
Section Twenty-Six (26), in Township
One (1) North, Range Two (2) East,
Gila and Salt River Base and Meridian,
in Maricopa County, Arizona.
The sale will be made on or after
January 25th, 1915, subject only to the
confirmation of said sale as by law provided; and bids will be received at the
office of Alexander & Christy, 311
Fleming Building, City of Phoenix.
State of Arizona.
I APOLONIO MARTINEZ,
Administrator of the Estate of Rosaria
Leon Martinez, Deceased.
Dated January 10th, 1915.

ORDINANCE NO. 31
AN ORDINANCE TO PROMOTE
ECONOMY IN THE ADMINISTRA
TION OF THE CITY GOVERNMENT.
BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COM
MISSION OF THE CITY OF PHOE
NIX, as follows:
Sec. 1. That the City Manager is
authorized and empowered, whenever
and so long as in his judgment the best
interests of the City and of the citizens thereof will be subserved or pro
moted thereby, to consolidate any of
the offices, assistantships and employ
ments created and provided for, or
which may be hereafter created and provided for, by any ordinance of the
City of Phoenix, with any other office,
assistantship or employment which is
or may be created and provided for by
city ordinance, or which is created and
provided for by the terms of the City
Charter of the City of Phoenix; and he
is hereby authorized and empowered to
direct and require that such offices,
assistantships or employments so consolidated shall be filled by one and the
same person, and that the duties and
services pertaining or to pertain to
such offices, assistantships or employ
ments shall be performed and rendered
by one and the same person.
Sec. 2. Whenever any offices, as
sistantships or employments are or
may be consolidated with any other of
fice, assistantship or employment here
under, the person appointed to fill the
said consolidated offices, assistantships
or employments, before entering upon
the performance of the duties thereof,
shall make and file his official bond
conditioned as required by law, in an
amount to be fixed by the City Manager and at least equal to the largest
bond required by law for either one of
said offices, assistantships or employ
ments so consolidated; and the compensation to be paid to the incumbent
thereof shall be the salary or compensation provided by law for the highest
salaried of the offices, assistantships
or employments so consolidated, until
the Commission of the City of Phoenix
shall by ordinance or resolution otherwise provide.
Sec. 3. Whereas, this ordinance re
quires early operation in order to preserve the public peace, health and safety, and in order to more economically
and efficiently conduct and administer
the government and affairs of the City
proval by the Mayor, and is hereby
declared to exist, and this ordinance
shall be in full force and effect from
and after its passage by the Commission of the City of Phoenix and approved by the Mayor, and is hereby
exempted from the operation of the
referendum provisions of the City
Charter.
PASSED BY THE COMMISSION of
the City of Phoenix this 22nd day of
December, 1914.
APPROVED this 22nd day of December, 1914.
GEO. R. YOUNG,
Mayor.
Attest:
FRANK THOMAS
City Clerk.

Electric Cleaner

DO YOU EVER THINK
when you are all tired out, from weary sweeping
and dusting, how
An Electric
Vacuum
Cleaner
would lighten your housework?
Why spend endless hours with dusters and dust
pans, when a few minutes' use each morning of a
Vacuum Cleaner will keep the house free from dirt
and germs?
It only costs a cent an hour to operate, and is
GUARANTEED FOR A YEAR
PHONE 1654, AND WE WILL SEND YOU ONE ON FREE TRIAL
Pacific Gas & Electric Company