if

if

A

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 18, 1911.

YOU'LL DO BETTER AT GOLDBERG'S

OUR

YOU'LL DO BETTER AT GOLDBERG'S

CLEARANCE SALE

Special in Overcoats
Closing Out Odd Lots
Very Cheap
$8.50 Overcoat now $1.75
$10.00 Overcoat now $5.50
$12.50 Overcoat now $7.00
$15.00 Overcoat now $8.50

$20.00 Overcoat now $11.00
$22.50 Overcoat now $12.25
Deductions of 25 per cent on Capes and all other Overcoats.
500 Pairs

Men's Khaki Pants,
Value $1.50, Sale Price 75c

You Get the Advantage of the Highest Quality at a good deal less than it's worth when you come to this Clearance Sale of ours. We never have anything but the highest grade Merchandise for sale at any time. Price reductions don't lessen the quality.
Stein-Bloch and "L" System Suits
In the best fabrics of fall and winter season; the grays, browns, blues, fancy weaves you like, At One-Quarter Off

All Young Men's Suits 25% discount.
All Young Men's Pants 25% discount.
Boy's Knickerbocker Pants
Half value Sale Price 40c
Half value $1.00 Sale Price 75c
Half value $1.25 Sale Price 90c
Half value $1.50 Sale Price $1.15
Half value $2.00 Sale Price $1.50

KENILWORTH PLACE

A New Addition Comes Into City With Nearly Two Miles of Sidewalks.

No addition to the city of Phoenix ever came into the corporation with brighter prospects than Kenilworth Place, which was annexed by the council Monday night.
Kenilworth Place is a forty-acre tract lying north of Roosevelt street and west of Simmons addition. It is owned by Gordon Tweed and W. G. Hartranft, who for more than a year have been improving the property under the name of the Hartranft-Tweed company.
Chief among the improvements they have made are the sidewalks. Nearly two miles of cement walks of the style commonly used in the city have been laid. In addition every street has been graded and graveled. Without a house, Kenilworth's street improvements are better than those of other sections which have been in the city since its incorporation.
Within a short time the city water system will be extended to include Kenilworth Place. That is part of the bargain made with the city. To extend the system will not cost much, as it already extends to Roosevelt street.
Lots are to be sold in this new addition subject to a building restriction of $3,000. No higher restriction is in effect anywhere in the city.

Street cars will be running through Kenilworth Place in a few days. The Second Avenue extension, so-called, now extends as far as McKinley street, on Fifth avenue, but the poles are strung and other preparations made to extend it on to the McDowell road.

When You Think
Of the pain which many women experience with every month it makes the gentleness and kindness always associated with womanhood seem to be almost a miracle.
While in general no woman rebels against what she regards as a natural necessity there is no woman who would not gladly be free from this recurring period of pain.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription makes weak women strong and sick women well, and gives them freedom from pain. It establishes regularity, subdues inflammation, heals ulceration and cures female weakness.
Sick women are invited to consult Dr. Pierce by letter, free. All correspondence strictly private and sacredly confidential. Write without fear and without fee to World's Dispensary Medical Association, C. V. Pierce, M.D., President, Buffalo, N.Y.

If you want a book that tells all about women's diseases, and how to cure them at home, send 21 one-cent stamps to Dr. Pierce to pay cost of mailing only, and he will send you a free copy of his new thousand-page illustrated Common Sense Medical Adviser revised, up-to-date edition, in paper covers. In handsome cloth-binding, 31 stamps.

DISPENSARY MED-

PROGRESSIVE FARMING.

"Well, yes," confessed honest Farmer Hornbeak, the while a grim grin wrinkled his weather-beaten complexion. "It's a good deal of trouble, but the satisfaction I feel amply repays me for the extra work. You see, by degrees I'm sharpening up the top of every stump in the place, and in the course of time I hope to have matters so arranged that the hired man will find it fully as comfortable to stand up during the day as to sit down." Puck.

AMUSEMENTS

Popular, classy and patriotic, on five different stages. He is evident that the learned to play the cymbals so that they would harmonize only after long practice.
"She has more confidence in him than I'd have," one woman was heard to say after Mr. Radcliffe had shot a slighted match from the lips of his partner, Miss Belmont. But it was an every night affair with Miss Belmont, and she did not seem to mind in the least. She stood as calmly and motionlessly as though she were

COLISEUM.

Any one of the three big acts presented at the Coliseum last evening would be a headline if presented in any ordinary vaudeville house. It is indeed seldom that three such big acts are seen in the same evening.
An effort made by the police to sit in Nashville, Tenn., G. De George and wife, Chicago; U. W. Nicol, New York; Arthur P. Scott, Frankfort, Ky. Those registering at the Ford hotel yesterday were: K. Horton Jones, Ray; J. U. Jeffers, Florence; T. P. Carson, Florence; Win. V. Pickwood, Los Angeles; J. P. Kinne, Lebanon, Neb.; C. Kowan, Chicago; Allen Virginia; J. Hunnell, Al-

The show at the Orpheum theater in one word is "good."

In the larger cities it is pretty hard to pick the lead from among Rafael, Romero & Co. and Radcliffe & Belmont. The Spanish act, however, seemed to please the greatest number of people, judging from the applause it received.

Evening, even merely looking up the road on a May morning. Mr. Radcliffe also seemed to consider this a mere detail of the performance, as it indeed was. He and Miss Belmont shot with their guns upside down and in just about every position. Similar exhibitions from the up have been seen here before, but not one that surpassed it. Two more expert rifle shots never visited Phoenix.

Radcliffe & Belmont are well termed "The Wizards of the Rifle." It is out of the most novel, enjoyable and entertaining ever staged here, ran for

The company is composed of three young women and two young men. First the girls appear in two decidedly unique dances. All are pretty and graceful girls and decidedly agile. Their costumes are striking and handsome, being red and trimmed with spangles.
Next the entire company plays the

NEW AIRDOME.
The program being shown at the New Airdome last evening is equal to any seen at this popular picture house for sometime. It is safe to say the pictures more than pleased the large audience. The bill includes "The Slave of Carthage," showing the struggle of the weak against the strong in which the weak won, and received, as a reward, the love of the heroine. The scenery displayed in the picture, it is well to mention, is equal to any seen here. "The Miner's Sweetheart" is also very interesting, taken from real western life. "Truth Revealed" and "The Rabbit and the Raccoon" are also up to the standard and should please those who are fond of farm pictures.

PERSONAL MENTION

Schultz.

Albuquerque; Eli S. Perkins, Congress Junction; Elmer A. Todd; G. T. Gund, P. H. Golden, Los Angeles, Cal.; J. L. Stratford, Eugene, Ore.; G. Gillespie, S. N. Hilderbrand, San Francisco; J. W. McCann and wife, Mrs. I. T. Stone, Roy Stone, Ed Haisch, Florence; J. E. Holton, Los Angeles. The following named guests registered at the Commercial hotel yesterday: Mrs. W. C. Berkeley, Victoria, B.C.; W. A. Perkins, Williams, Ariz.; E. J. Frowine, Howling Green, Ohio; R. Johnston, Los Angeles; A. Sanchez,ickenburg; George M. Yeakel, Columbia, Ariz.; W. W. Colby, Chicago; H. Thompson and wife, Hartland, Minn.; F. H. Keddington, Phoenix; W. A. Trephagen, San Francisco; F. H. Lang, Phoenix; H. L. Allen, Flagstaff; Mrs. H. C. Dyer, Salt Lake City; N. Kinne, Lebanon, Neb.; this is K. Geisberg, Denver.

TRADITIONS OF MOTHER SHIPTON.
Of all British prophets, Mother Shipton is beyond doubt the most celebrated. She was, in fact, all that a prophet and witch should be, in strange contrast to the serious and scientific Nostradamus. The day she was born the sky became dark and gloomy and, according to her biographer, "belched out nothing for half an hour but flames, thundering in a most hideous manner." Her personal appearance, described by her admiring biographer in 1682, is scarcely flattering: "Her physiognomy was so misshapen that it is altogether impossible to express fully in words, or for the most ingenious to line her colors, though many persons of eminent qualifications in that line often attempted it, but without success." Metropolitan Magazine

MEMORY BAD

MIND GOING

PRESIDENT NATIONAL BISCUIT CO. COMING

The following guests registered yesterday at the Stag: A. T. Phillips, El Paso; A. J. Keatly, St. Louis; E. H. Lochart, San Francisco; C. H. Penick, Tuscaloosa, Ala.; Charles Parker, San Diego.
Following are the guests who registered yesterday at the Adams Annex: Charles F. Scott, Los Angeles; J. M. Elder, Prescott; V. N. Porter.

Commercial Kings Will Arrive in Phoenix Wednesday and Remain Twenty-four Hours.

EXTRACTS FROM MILK ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF CHICAGO
On and after January 1, 1911, the beginning of a new license period for Milk Dealers, no license will be issued to any dealer unless his supply is properly Pasteurized or obtained from a dairy the cows of which have been properly tuberculin tested within one year.
On and after January 1, 1911, the beginning of a new license period for milk stores, no license will be issued for any store selling Milk unless such milk has been properly Pasteurized or obtained from a Dairy the cows of which have been properly tuberculin tested within one year.
Every effort will be made to exclude from the market the milk from all Dairies having cows not properly tuberculin tested within one year and not pasteurized or consigned to a Pasteurizing Dealer.
For Your Health's Sake DRINK PASTEURIZED MILK.

Go. V. MARSHALL

502-504 N. 2nd Ave., Phoenix.

ARIZONA PHONE 7AM & 7

President A. W. Green of the National Biscuit Company will arrive in Phoenix this afternoon and remain until tomorrow evening, looking over Phoenix and the Salt River valley. He is now on a tour of the west in his private car, "Republic."
Traveling with President Green is L. Iselhardt, traffic manager of the National Biscuit Company. They recently left Chicago in the Republic, intending to tour Arizona, California, Oregon, Washington and a number of other western states. W. S. Goldsworthy, general agent of the S. F., P. & P., has been advised that they will reach Phoenix today and remain more than twenty-four hours.
Plans are being made to take Mr. Green and Mr. Iselhardt on an automobile tour of the valley. Visitors of greater importance than they in the commercial world seldom visit this territory, and there is a disposition to show them the best this section has.
The National Biscuit Company is a corporation backed by millions of dollars of capital. In fact, its business runs into millions of dollars yearly.
Every grocery store in the United States carries its crackers and other goods.
So far as is known, the coming of Mr. Green and Mr. Iselhardt has no particular significance to this territory. They have never seen the Salt River valley and merely desire to look it over.

ELKS, ATTENTION!
Members of Phoenix lodge No. 357, R. P. O. Elks, are requested to meet this afternoon at 1 o'clock at the parlors of Easterling & Whitney, to attend the funeral of the late wife of Brother Elmer Warren.
FRANK DE SOUZA.
bp Exalted Ruler.

ATTENTION, KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
All members of Phoenix lodge No. 2 Knights of Pythias, and their families are requested to attend the funeral of Mrs. Elmer Warren, to be held this afternoon at 2 o'clock from Easterling & Whitney's. J. F.

POWELL.
Secretary.

But Mrs. Perry, of Rolita, Built Up Her Shattered Nervous System by Taking Cardui.

Rolita, Tenn. "I suffered with sick headache for three years," says Mrs. Lizzie Perry, in a letter from this place. "I was so nervous at times, I could hardly bear it.
"I had the blues, and everybody thought I was losing my mind. My memory was bad. I had pains in my side, and I was hardly able to do.
"I would have been in my grave if I had not taken Cardui. Now I am stronger than I ever was before, and I feel like a new person.
"I am thankful for what Cardui has done for me. I wish all women who suffer would take Cardui, and be happy and healthy."
Cardui's success in benefiting and curing sick and ailing women, is due to the fact that it is a building tonic for the nerves, as well as for the physical system.
Being composed exclusively of vegetable ingredients, which act gently and sympathetically in a natural way, it does its work safely, reliably, and without bad after effects.
Fifty years of success prove these facts.
Isn't it reasonable to believe that Cardui will help you? Ask your druggist. It is certainly worth trying.
N. R. Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept., Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn., for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent in plain wrapper, on request.

MADAME BELL
Clairvoyant
Will tell your entire life. Any one that will bring this ad. will get a Full Reading for 50c instead of $1.00. Good for three days.
Room 1, New Dennis Hotel.

Evergreen lots are going fast. See Burroughs, 14 W. Adams St. tf

Garden City Restaurant
Regular Meals 25c.
Short Orders at All Hours

MARK LAND, Mgr.
22-24 E. Washington.

Try
S. J. MICHELSON
Special Club Cigar

WE WILL SELL
The best Runabouts, Surrey or Spring Wagon ever sold in Phoenix for the money for the next 30 days to make room for two cars now on road.
SCATES VEHICLE & HARNESS CO.,
Five Points.

5c

Best on the Market
Maricopa Creamery
Cheese
Suits the trade. Maricopa Creamery's Pasteurized Cream sells all over Arizona

If you want your heating stove repaired, blackened or set up in first-class style, Phone to
R. C. JEREZ
Corner First and Van Buren Street.
Overland Phone 2721.

MOHN & DRISCOLL
FUNERAL DIRECTORS

BEST
If you want the best get a Jocomilk
If you want the best results go to the PHOENIX AUTO CO
A. Ainsworth, Mgr.

Fresh shipments of OYSTERS Received Daily.
Cold Air Storage.
S. J. TRIBOLET, Prop.
Phone Main 6

Notice Notice
Highest market price paid for all kinds of hides, wool pelt, etc.
Kanffman Davidson Semmel, Inc.
Fifth and Jackson Street.
Phone Main 111 P. O. Box 111.

The mission

A resort for gentlemen. The original BUDWEISER BEER on draught.
FRANK DONNELLEY, Prop.

Announcement
C. R. French will be glad to see his friends and customers at Rosenzweig's Jewelry Store, at 6-8 East Washington.

THE COOKING IS DIFFERENT AT THE California Restaurant
33 North First Avenue

Dr. Wm. G. Lentz, dentist, and Dr. D. L. Connor, osteopath, have moved from over the Hub to 2nd floor of National Bank of Arizona Bldg. 2-b

I have for sale the finest pasture tract of land on the market. 1,000,000 acres, in Sonora. I will be glad to furnish a description to any man or company who wish to and are able to purchase such a tract. W. H. Graham, Cuero, Tex.

THE SALE

BIG LUMBER

Now going on at the Buckeye Lumber Yard means a saving of $2.50 to $5.00 per thousand on everything. Don't overlook this opportunity. You can buy the lumber to build a home for less money than ever before in the city of Phoenix. Let us figure your bill. Special prices in car lots.
Buckeye Lumber Co.

Call up Meiczer Horn Co., Main 75, for your New York apple cider 75c per gallon. tf

Stewart & Temple
VEHICLE TIRES
Bicycles and Sundries
Next Door to P. O. Phone Main 803

8L.