THE ARIZONA
REPUBLICAN: TUESDAY MORNING, JULY 15, 1902.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN,
PUBLISHED BY THE
ARIZONA PUBLISHING CO.
GEO. W. VICKERS, Pres. and Gen. Mgr.
Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press in Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes in Ari
zona. Publication office: 36-38 East Adams
Street. Telephone No. 47.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year $9.00
Weekly, one year 2.00
Cash in advance.
BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month $ .75

Arizona visitors to the coast will find
The Daily Republican on sale at the
following places in Los Angeles: West
minster hotel newsstand, Hollenbeck
hotel newsstand, and B. F. Gardner, 305
South Spring street.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, JULY 15, 1902.
More than once The Republican has
suggested that if the ranchmen of the
Salt River valley
A POSSIBILITY, are willing to pay
AND A DUTY. for a storage reser
voir, possibly they
could get it through the provisions of
the new irrigation law. In other words,
if the government could be assured
that its investment would be returned
it might be induced to construct the
Tonto reservoir. It is gratifying to note
that there is a strong disposition local
ly to take up the question in an earnest
manner.
Everybody has long since abandoned
the delusion, we believe, that some
thing may be had for nothing in this
matter of storage. The idea no longer
prevails that the government can be
induced to construct a reservoir and
give it to the people of this valley. If
the government does the construction
it will be along business lines under
arrangements which will prevent ulti
mate loss. The most that can be ex
pected of the government is that it may
be induced to stand in the character
of money-lender.
Since, then, the water consumers
must pay for storage in the end, wheth
er the money be advanced by the fed
eral government, the county, or pri
vate capitalists, and since nothing fur
ther can be done in the line of county
ownership until congress meets again,
there would certainly be nothing lost
by an effort meantime to have the sec
retary of the interior adopt the Tonto
site for one of the first reservoirs under
the Hansbrough-Newlands law. And
it should not be a matter of great diffi
culty to obtain and lay before the sec
retary the necessary proof that the
government could rely upon getting its
money back. We do not believe there
is a ranchman in the valley who would
hesitate to buy a water right in the
federal reservoir on the basis of $10 an
acre, the payments to be made in ten
annual installments. Just now there is
not a ranch owner who would deny that
a single thorough irrigation of his land
would be worth one dollar an acre.
Everybody can see at once that it would
be a good investment for him to enter
into a contract to pay for water rights
in the reservoir on an easy-payment
basis. All told, the government's charge
for water rights and the additional
charge (if any) for interest would be
insignificant as compared with the ben
efits, and in reality would constitute a
low water rental. And upon the com
pletion of the installment period the
people would own the reservoir and
hardly realize that it had cost them a
cent. While the payments to the gov
ernment would not begin until after
completion of the reservoir, of course,
the fact is that more than $10 per acre
would be added to the value of every
ranch in the valley the moment the
government decided upon construction.
We do not believe that there would
be opposition to this plan, even from
the most sanguine "priority right"
ranchmen. Those who feel the utmost
confidence that ultimately the courts
will decree to them an increased supply
of water would not hesitate between
prolonged and indefinite litigation on
the one hand and an immediate and
adequate supply of water through a
reservoir on the other.
The matter of obtaining satisfactory
evidence as to the revenues of the res
ervoir should, therefore, be a simple and
easy undertaking. Two weeks' time
would suffice, we are confident, to ob
tain the signature of every ranch own
er, pledging himself to purchase a
water right from the government.
It is a matter of public knowledge
that the federal officials who have had
reservoir investigations in hand are all
most favorably disposed toward the
Tonto site. All of them admit that it
is, pre-eminently, the finest site in the
United States for water storage on a
great scale. Without qualification it
can be said that at no other point in
the country could the secretary of the
interior begin the work of storing water
under such circumstances of assured
success. A friendly hearing is, conse
quently, already certain.
Under the circumstances it is a duty
the people of the valley owe themselves
to place the question before Secretary
Hitchcock in the most effective way.
New York has another great murder
case, and its sensational features have
brought out the mor
MAUDLIN bid and maudlin wo-
SYMPATHY men, as usual. Two
FOR MURDER. dead bodies were
found in a bay on
Long Island. One of them was
that of a young woman of social
prominence, the daughter of a
leading New York financier, the
other the body of a young man from
Brooklyn. It developed that another
young man, named Disbrow, was in
fatuated with the girl, and the authori
ties claim to have proof that he com
mitted the murder of both the young
woman and the young man through
jealousy. Disbrow has also been so
cially prominent, but for years he has
been a dissolute character. The son of
a very wealthy father, he had deserted
his young wife and baby, and was a
"sport."
In short, a man of repulsive character
is accused of a most revolting murder.
What any sane person could find at
tractive about him is a mystery. Yet
we are informed by the Providence
Journal that "sentimental women are
trying to make a fool of young Dis
brow, who is charged with responsi
bility for the tragedy at Good Ground,
L. I. They struggle with one another
for places near him in the court room
and squeeze his hand if they find a
chance, while on Monday one of them
handed him a love letter filled with ex
pressions of sympathy and devotion."
And the Journal pointedly adds:
"Maudlin emotion could not go much
further. Here is a young man who,
while he may be innocent, is charged
with a revolting crime. To have sym
pathy for him is proper enough, but to
treat him like a persecuted victim of
the law and lavish tokens of love
upon him is wholly uncalled for. These
young women are evidently in need of
parental restriction."
Mrs. Nation has written a letter
from her present scene of activities in
northern Minnesota. She writes joy
fully like a woman who has had some
thing doing and is not suffering from
ennui. "I have," she says, "been sued
for slander in my own county, sued for
divorce, served seven jail sentences,
been whipped and frequently knocked
down, have a broken bone in my hand
caused by a blow from a beer-swelled,
whiskey-soaked policeman in Coney
Island, where I had handcuffs put on
me, and I was put in jail at Wichita
between a cigarette smoker and a ma
niac where I remained in quarantine
three weeks and was not even allowed
to see my lawyer. Now, why this?"
"An answer to this question," remarks
the Kansas City Journal, "would in
volve a search of the police court rec
ords of several states and territories.
Broadly speaking, however, things of
this sort are the usual result of hang
ing around saloons and mixing up with
disorderly characters. Still, as we un
derstand Mrs. Nation, she isn't asking
for sympathy. She's had a roaring
good time and seems to think it was
worth all it cost her."
United States Consul Furniss of Ser
gipe, Brazil, says of the shiftless na
tive Brazilian: "He need not own land,
as he can put up his mud hut any
where; he has an abundance of fruit,
such as the banana, jaca, caju; the
tidal rivers are full of fish, shrimp,
crab and oysters, and the woods
abound with game. He can raise his
small patch of manioc, and as it is
never cold enough for a fire, he works
only when there is need of money to
procure articles which he does not pro
duce. I have been shown fields full of
cotton and other products which
were going to waste because of the pro
prietor's inability to induce the labor
ers to harvest them. One would think
that laborers living on a farm would
be compelled to work for the proprie
tor, but that does not seem to be the case
here, as, in spite of the fact that in
most cases they pay no rent, they will
either refuse to work at all or will
work only a few days at a time; yet
they are allowed to remain upon the
land pre-empted."
According to the dispatches, the Kan
sas farmers have overcome the physi
cal inertia of the hobo. They did it
with a gun. The deficiency of farm
hands in Kansas is estimated at about
ten thousand men. The harvest fields
with their golden seas of overripe
grain are calling for men. A freight
train westward bound was wrecked
near the town of Pratt. On the train
were fifty or more tramps. The farmers
heard of it and entered them in fold
and plenty of food and shelter. They
declined the offer. Thereupon the far
mers tried shotgun persuasion, with the
result that nearly all of the tramps are
now toiling in the harvest fields of
Pratt county, and they will be kept at
it until the wheat is all garnered. The
picturesque feature of the episode is
furnished by the women of the farms,
who are acting as guards, each armed
with a shotgun. If the Pratt county
idea spreads it may offer a solution of
the whole tramp problem.
A forward step in the civilization of
Mexico has been taken in the Pacific
coast state of Jalisco, where the con
gress has abolished the customs of
bull fighting and cock fighting. The
step is directly due to the urgent labors
of General Luis C. Curiel, the governor
of the state, but he is backed by the
principal citizens. Jalisco is one of the
most prosperous states of the republic.
Guadalajara is the capital and it has a
half million inhabitants. The bull fight,
a legacy from Spain, has been growing
in disfavor for years, and now it is
forbidden by the people themselves,
who, without the tutelage of a supe
rior race, are developing their own civ
ilization in their own way.
The steady reduction of the army in
the Philippine islands is a blow at the
anti-imperialists who kept insisting
that the Filipino desire for peace was
a sham and a pretense, and that the
moment the army was reduced the
natives would again rise. The lesson
of time has demonstrated that all the
theories of the anti-imperialists were
false. The capture of Aguinaldo was a
terrific blow to the rebellion.

The recent populist convention in In
diana was more notable on account of
the absence of delegates than from
their presence. There were only
twenty-six persons present, though In
diana has ninety-two counties and the
Populist vote for governor in 1900 was
15,000.