i

Z ..5s
- -x
FOR SALE A new cement block
residence, six rooms, modern. Best
buy on the avenues, north.
E. E. PASCOE,
110 North Center Street
FOR SALE
A Bargain. Six-room brick, two-floor,
size lots, good location, corner. Price
$2200. Easy terms if desired.
E. E. PASCOE,
110 N. Center Street
THE
TWENTIETH YEAR.
14 PAGES.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 5, 1910. 14 PAGES.
VOL. XX. NO. 261.

ARIZONA
- - . .

PUBLICAN

COMING

TO HOCUS
An Early Decisive Engagement
In Nicaragua.
THERE'S DAILY FIGHTING
The Provisional Troops Are
Now Stubbornly Working
Their Way Toward Capital
Futile Attack By
Sea Upon Greytown.
Managua, Nic. 4. Details were received tonight of the fight at Santo
Tomas, showing that the insurgents
lost 100 killed in a battle that continued until dark. There are indications of a decisive battle between the
government forces and the revolutionists, who are spreading the conflict
over a wide area in the mountainous
district east of Managua. Everywhere
the revolutionists are confronted by
the troops of Madriz and fighting is
almost a daily occurrence.
Yesterday the insurgents captured
Hoaca, sixty miles east of Managua,
forcing back the government troops to
the main army at Las Garitas. In turn,
the government troops defeated a band
of insurgents numbering 600.
Colonel Valdez of the national forces
threw out an ambush and into it
walked the revolutionists. Then he inflicted serious losses upon them and
finally after an hour of fighting he
forced them to take refuge in the
mountains.
Nothing daunted, however, the insurgents the same day made other
fruitless attempts to take Las Garitas.
General Vasquez, commanding
Madriz's troops in a telegram today
says he expects the insurgents to make
another more desperate attempt to
take the town immediately, and that
a decisive battle is near.
ATTACK UPON GREYTOWN.
Managua, Feb. 4. The insurgent
gunboat Ometepe appeared off Greytown Thursday and bombarded the city
for twenty minutes. Nine houses were
set on fire by shells from the gunboat.
The shore batteries replied vigorously
and succeeded in disabling the Ometepe,
which was forced to retire.
A MISSING STEAMER.
Increasing Fear for the Safety of the
Farallon.
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 4. Fear for the
safety of the Alaska Steamship Company's steamer Farallon is increasing.
Four weeks ago
the Farallon left Port
Graham, Alaska, for ports westward,
and has not been heard from since.
The Farallon has a crew of twenty
seven and carried a few passengers.
The steamship Victoria dispatched
from Valdez several days ago to search
for the Farallon is expected to report
on Thursday.
Dispatches say a fierce storm is raging all along the Alaska coast.

CONGRESS' INDUSTRY
IS RECORD-BREAKING

The Republican Whip Directs Attention To What
Already Been Done and What Is
In Process

Washington, Feb. 4. "Never in
years has any session of Congress done
as much work as the present one,"
said Representative Dwight of New
York, the Republican whip. In a statement today.
"Congress has been in session less
than six weeks since the first of December, and in that time the House has
passed the army, the deficiency, the
District of Columbia and the agricultural appropriation bills. The House
also has redeemed two platform
pledges by passing bills establishing a
bureau of mines and mining and to
admit Arizona and New Mexico.
"It may not be remembered that the
message of President Taft in December was a general one, and that specific recommendations regarding conservation, the amendments to the
Sherman anti-trust law and the Hepburn rate bill did not come to Congress until after January 5. These
recommendations are in the hands of
committees, and as they contain many
difficult problems these committees are
working overtime in consultation with

NEW
AEROPLANE
SPEED
RECORD.
Fresno, Cal., Feb. 4. With
flights by both Hamilton and
Willard, Fresno's aviation meet
was started today. About 8,000
persons were in attendance. So
far, the only sensational feature was the beating of the
world's record for speed by
Hamilton, who made a mile in
1 minute, 27 seconds. The previous mile record was made by Curtis in Reims, with the
same machine in 2 minutes and
12 seconds.
Hamilton made several spectacular air journeys. In a long
distance flight over the vineyard southeast of the city he
passed beyond the vision. On
his return he lost his bearings
and alighted in an alfalfa field.
With the aid of a farmer, he
started off again, and flew back
to the fair grounds. Charles
Willard injured his bi-plane in
the first flight.
WAGE CONFERENCE DISRUPTED.
Toledo, Ohio, Feb. 4.--Unable to effect an organization because of a
deadlock on the admission of the
miners' delegates from Illinois, the
Joint wage conference between the
bituminous coal operators and the
miners of Ohio, Indiana and Western
Pennsylvania, they adjourned tonight
sine die.
A BRANDY CACHE.
Jackson, Cal., Feb. 4. Four hundred gallons of brandy, found buried
on the ranch of Mrs. S. Molfino, was
seized today by United States Revenue Collector Linney of Sacramento.
This is the largest seizure of contraband liquor ever made in this
part of the state.
DAMAGING ADMISSIONS
BY DINGER HERMANN

DIRECT EXAMINATION.
Two Points Scored by the Government
on Cross Examination.
Portland, Feb. 4. The three days'
cross examination of former Congressman Ringer Hermann, who is on trial
charged with conspiracy to defraud the
government of public land ended today.
The prosecution scored twice during
the session. The first instance was
after Hermann had made an assertion
that his acquaintance with B. F. Allen,
superintendent of the California forest
reserves, was purely official.
Prosecutor Heney introduced a number of letters which Hermann admitted he had written to Allen and which
indicated an apparent intimacy between them. The second occasion was
Hermann's admission that he had
toured the California oil fields in the
private car of a party of oil men as
their guest. This event occurred some
time after it had come to his knowledge that there had been "scripping"
going on in the California oil districts.
Under his own counsel's questioning
Hermann testified that he had never
known that F. P. Mays and Willard N.
Jones were to cast votes for him.
The prosecution claims that Hermann joined Mays and Jones, both
of whom were members of the legislature, in the Blue Mountain conspiracy in order to secure their political support in his ambition to become senator.
Has
the president and the attorney general, but at the earliest possible moment bills will be drafted and reported to the House for action. Other
important bills are ready to be reported.
"There has not been shown any disposition on the part of the Republicans
in the House to retard the passage of
any of these measures. It would thus
seem that the criticism that Congress
is slow in acting is without foundation
and unfair."
Champ Clark, the Democratic leader of the House, commenting on Mr.
Dwight's statement, said: "What the
Republicans are really going to do is
to pass a few appropriation bills, some
bridge bills, some private claims and
one or two of Mr. Taft's propositions
and then adjourn and get away as
quick as they can.
'They want to adjourn and get home
as quick as possible to save as
many Republican Congressmen as they can,
but they have not the slightest hope
in the world of electing another Republican House.'

FORTY-SIX
Captain and Crew of
Sinking Kentucky
the
PROMPT WIRELESS WORK
An Operator Is Removed
From Peril of the Sea By
Premonition of Parents
That Something Would
Happen to the Steamer.
New York, Feb. 4. Thanks again to
the wireless intercession, the distress signal, "S. O. S.," Captain Moore and his
crew of forty-six men are safe on
board the Mallory liner Alamo, bound
for Key West, tonight, while their
vessel, the Kentucky, is at the bottom
of the sea, off Cape Hatteras. The
Kentucky was a wooden vessel 203
feet long, bound from New York to
the Pacific to carry passengers from
Seattle to Alaska, for the Alaska-Pacific Steamship company.
The first news of the Kentucky's
distress was received at the wireless
station at Cape Hatteras at 11:30.
The operator heard "S. O. S.," quickly
followed by the message: "We are
sinking. Latitude 32.10; longitude
Almost simultaneously the operator
to the Kentucky's call for help, informing Captain Moore that the Alamo was making all speed to his
assistance. The navy department at
Washington meantime flashed messages along the Atlantic coast dispatching the battleship Louisiana and
two revenue cutters to the scene, but
at clock word came from the Alamo that she had arrived first and
taken all hands off safely.
This is the message received in New
York: "Latitude 32.4; longitude
75.26. The steamer Alamo has just
taken Captain Moore and crew of forty-six
from the sinking steamer Kentucky. Water has already reached the
fireroom. She will sink before midnight. The Alamo is proceeding to
Key West."
The bad luck of the Kentucky began almost immediately after she left
New York on her 14,000-mile journey
on January 23. Good luck only attended when the wireless instruments
were installed just before she departed. One hundred and fifty miles off
Sandy Hook the vessel began leaking
badly but by working the pumps valiantly the captain and crew were able
to reach Newport News with
sixteen inches of water in the hold.
Repairs were made and the ship received a certificate from the Lloyds
and the United States inspector saying that she was sound and seaworthy.
Notwithstanding this assurance, T. A.
McTarnay, one of the wireless operators who shipped with the vessel, refused to continue the voyage because
his parents at Monticello, N. Y., had
a premonition that something would
happen. They bombarded him with
messages to this effect and in deference to their wishes he found a substitute in W. D. McGinnis, who sent
the call which saved the lives of his
shipmates today.
THE DANGERS OF FOOTBALL.
The Committee First Wants to Locate
Them.
New York, Feb. 4. After being in
session from 10 o'clock this morning
until midnight, the intercollegiate football rules committee adjourned until
tomorrow without making any recommendations for modifying the game.
The opinion that the game tends to
expose players to too great a likelihood of injury led to a discussion of
the sources of danger to the players.
The subject was threshed out, with a
view of laying the groundwork for the
changes to be voted on before the final
adjournment. All are agreed that if
football is to be preserved, some of the
present dangers must be eliminated.
A CRAZY MOTHER
Feeds Daughter and Grandchildren
Ground Glass.
Los Angeles, Feb. 4. Mrs. Esther
Marks swore to a complaint today
charging her mother, Mrs. D. Goldstein, with attempting to kill her by
placing ground glass in the food served to her and her four children.
Believing that the accused woman
is demented, the district attorney has
ordered an examination.
RENO HOTEL BURNED.
Of
a Hundred Guests Only One Lost
His Life.
Reno, Nev., Feb. 4. Braving the
flames which destroyed the McKissick hotel today, John Brown, a bus
driver, and Night Clerk McKenny recovered the body of August Shaffer
after plunging through sheets of fire
six times. Shaffer is the only one who
lost his life, though 100 guests narrowly escaped.

COLLECTORS OF BABIES.

The Desire of the Wilsons For "Treys"
or Better.
Los Angeles, Feb. 4. In a petition
to be presented tomorrow, William
Wilson and his wife, who gained notoriety by Mrs. Wilson's claim to be
the mother of quadruplets, which the
court found to be untrue, will ask to
be allowed to adopt the three children
previously secured by the woman as
triplets, from maternity homes. The
couple are undecided whether to ask
to be allowed to keep the latest four.
The grand jury adjourned today but
will resume an investigation of the
conduct of the maternity homes later.
FRISCO GETS FIGHT.
That, Said Promoter Gleason, Has
Been Settled.
Missoula, Mont., Feb. 4. "The big
fight will be held in San Francisco,"
said John B. Gleason here this afternoon. "It will not be pulled off in
Salt Lake City. This is final and was
fully decided upon between Rickard
and myself by telegraph this morning."
Gleason will meet Rickard on Monday at Salt Lake City, where the final
details of the fight will be arranged.
STORY TO BE DIGESTED.
For That Purpose Court Adjourns
Hearing of Sackville-West
Claimant.
London, Feb. 4. The defense rested
today in the case of Ernest Henri
Baptiste West, who seeks to establish himself as the legitimate son and heir
of Lord Lionel Sackville-West.
An adjournment was taken until
Tuesday, at which time the Judge
asked Sir Roland Finley to be prepared "to pull this complicated story
together."
DAMAGED BY BOYCOTT.
Hartford, Feb. 4. The jury in the
famous boycott suit of D. K. Lowe
versus 200 members of the Hatters'
Union of this city, returned a verdict
in favor of the plaintiff for $10,000.
FIRST BODY TAKEN
FROM ST. PAUL MINE
INTENSE EXCITEMENT IN THE
STREETS OF CHERRY.
No Early Prospect of the Recovery of
Others.
Cherry, Ill., Feb. 4. The St. Paul
mine today first yielded the dead
body it has contained since last November,
when the shafts were sealed to extinguish the fire that killed nearly
30 miners. As a result, Cherry is all
excitement over the prospects of recovering other bodies. The body
was that of Mennem Lillo, aged 25.
It was identified by a wage receipt
found in his coat.
The body was in good condition, in
spite of three months' entombment in
the gaseous chambers of the mine, 350
feet below the surface. As the news
of the removal of the body spread
through Cherry, women filled the
streets crying and talking excitedly,
but the outburst was short-lived.
The prospect of the recovery of
the other bodies is none too promising. To get the thirty-two bodies
said to be at the bottom of the level,
two million gallons of water must be
pumped, and to reach the 35 bodies
in the east part of the second level
a new passageway must be cut
through solid coal at least 150
feet.
Pumping and tunneling begin tomorrow. It is said the fire is now
shut in safely in the east side of the
mine.
THE BREAK IN COMMERCIAL WORLD
In the "Between Seasons" Period, the
Prospect Satisfactory.
New York, Feb. 4. Bradstreet's to
morrow will say: "Trade in general
displays a certain degree of quiet, by
the way, unusual at this, the between-seasons
period, but in several
quarters there is a greater disposition to act conservatively in the matter of purchases.
"For one thing, the agitation for
lower prices tends to the belief that
quotations may recede to more attractive levels, and at the same time
some large interests seem to fear
inimical action from the federal authorities at Washington."
DUN'S COMMENT.
New York, Feb. 4. Dun's Review
will say: "Industrial and mercantile
conditions, though irregular, on the
whole are satisfactory, with a promising spring outlook. An event this
week has been the great weakness of
securities. The failure record has
been greatly expanded in the amounts
involved over last month, but the
record seems worse than it really is
because its big total of liabilities is
due to a handful of large defaults,
chiefly by brokerage firms. Footwear
manufacturers are firm as to prices
and in most instances have reserved
orders on their books, so that the
present situation in boots and shoes
is fairly satisfactory.
"The weakness prevailing in hides
and fur has a slightly depressing
effect on the future of business.
"Leather continues dull, and values
weak."

BLOWHOLES
Continue To Be Discovered
By Senator Heyburn
LAW WOULD DE SCANDAL
Senator Carter Expects to
Bring the Bill to a Vote
Next Thursday A Steer
on the Farm and in Senate
Restaurant.
Washington, Feb. 4. Mr. Heyburn
completed his criticism of the postal
savings bank bill in the Senate today,
but aside from his speech, little progress was made in the consideration
of the measure. It will be before the
Senate again tomorrow. Mr. Carter, in
charge of the measure, expects a vote
not later than Thursday.
Mr. Heyburn declared that the bill
is drawn so loosely that if enacted it
must inevitably result in scandal. It
should be safeguarded more carefully
than some of the past legislation, he
said, and instanced the corporation
tax law, which he said had already
proven unsatisfactory.
Declaring his objections to the bill,
he said that there was no provision
securing the deposits, and that, in
providing secrecy regarding deposits,
the bill would prove a shield to dishonesty and in the end it would be
found to be impossible to find an investment for the postal savings fund.
He contended that it was the duty
of the committee on postoffices to
bring in a safe and proper bill. He
said he would not support the present
bill as long as it placed the government in the banking business. Mr.
Heyburn spoke at length regarding
the possible abuses that might grow
out of the secret methods provided
in connection with the deposits.
He pronounced the bill utterly
vicious, and predicted that in the end
it would be necessary to pay
the deposits by an appropriation from
the national treasury. In the discussion, Mr. Smith of Michigan made
the prediction that if the bill became
a law, politics would make it a football, and the rate of interest would
become a fruitful source of activity
for unscrupulous office-seekers.
THE UNCONSIDERED FARMER.
Washington, Feb. 4. Declaring the
farmer to be the last person considered in any conflict in which the agriculturist is involved, Senator McComber of North Dakota today delivered
a speech in the Senate to demonstrate
that the farmers were not receiving
their fair share of the high prices
which food products command.
He said bills such as have been
presented in the House for the removal of duties on farm articles
were equivalent to an effort to establish a legislative boycott against
the tiller of the soil. Contrasting the
prices received by the farmer with
those paid by the consumer, he said
that a four-year-old steer which, in
North Dakota would bring $70 would
sell for $125 when retailed at the
Senate restaurant steak prices, enough
to buy half a dozen.
PACIFIC SUBMARINES.
The Coast
Congressmen
Fifty.
Apply for
Washington, Feb. 4. All the members of the Senate and House from California, Oregon and Washington have
united in support of a definite program
providing for fifty submarine vessels
for the defense of the Pacific coast.
The plan is to build ten yearly for
the next five years.
There was a hearing by the House
committee on naval affairs today. If
the program wins in the House, favorable action by the Senate is regarded
as certain.
DEATH OF ARIZONA MINING MAN.
Pasadena, Cal., Feb. 4. N. N. O'Gorman, a well-known mining man of
Cochise county, Arizona, connected
with the Middlemarch Copper mine,
died tonight in a hospital, following an
operation to remove a tumor near the
brain several weeks ago. He was 55
years of age.
ANOTHER RENO DIVORCE SUIT.
Reno, Nev., Feb. 4. A suit for divorce on the ground of desertion was
filed this afternoon in district court
by James Gayley, second vice president of the United States Steel Corporation, against his wife, formerly
Julia Gardiner, a society belle of St.
Louis. They have four children.
BRAZIL A BORROWER.
Negotiations for a Loan of $50,000,000
to Be Begun.
Rio de Janeiro, Feb. 4. The government has authorized negotiations with
the Rothschilds for a loan of $50,000,
000 for the conversion of the outstanding external debt into 4 per cent
bonds.

DR.
WOODRUFF DIES
AT LONG BEACH.
Long Beach, Cal., Feb. 4. Dr.
William Woodruff, widely known
because of his views on simple
life and his theory of raising
children by causing them to endure hardships to make them
strong, died today as a result of
a rupture of a blood vessel of
the lung. While operating on a
patient the latter slipped and
fell on the surgeon, who over
strained himself to prevent injury to the helpless man.
Dr. Woodruff tried his theories
on an infant son and daughter,
who, clad only in a single garment in the coldest weather,
were accustomed to plunges in
the ocean in winter. He came
here from Phoenix.
Dr. Woodruff came to Phoenix
from New Jersey, eighteen years
ago, and removed to Los Angeles
ten years ago. He performed, in
the summer of 1883, probably
the second operation for appendicitis in this country.
A WALKING PEST
Had Los Angeles Police Station All
to Himself.
Los Angeles, Feb. 4. W. H. Motley,
an old oil well driller, caused the central station to be vacated tonight
when he walked up to the sergeant's
desk and asked to be treated for
smallpox.
Surgeons found that he had that
disease. The policemen and newspaper men, after recovering from their
panic, were fumigated.
WEATHER TODAY.
For Arizona Fair
Sunday.
Saturday and
SUSPECTED REMAINS
of Express Companies
ATTRACTS THE ATTENTION
OF THE COMMISSION.
An
Inquiry to Determine Whether
They Are Really in Competition.
New York, Feb. 4.-In an effort to
find out whether or not the four
principal express companies of the
country are really competitive, or if
there is a working agreement to
maintain rates, Examiner Frank
Lyons of the interstate commerce
commission began hearings today. The
investigation is on the complaint of
State Senator B. L. Freundberg of
Luhnah, Minn., who claims that the
American, Adams, United States and
Wells-Fargo companies are not competitive, but that their rates have
been raised to and maintained at an
exorbitant level as a result of the
agreement.
Edward T. Piatt, treasurer and director of the United States Express
company
testified that Francis Lynde
Stetson did not represent the American Express company interests in
the United States Express company
directorate.
Stetson was elected at the same
time as Levi C. Weir, Piatt stated.
The United States Express directorate
was not increased to admit them.
General Alger and one other resigning to make way for them. The witness said he could not remember the
other resignation.
AN OPIUM FIND.
It's Place of Concealment in Japanese
Steamer.
San Francisco, Feb. 4. Opium worth
$5,000 was found today by customs inspectors in the ladies' lounging room
of the Japanese liner Chiyo Mara. It
was hidden in the upholstery. Behind
the wall panels 193 cans of the drug
were found.
More than $30,000 worth of smuggled
opium has been seized on the oriental
liners in the past few weeks.
THE DEAD OF PRIMERO.
No Others Brought From
Yesterday.
the Mine!
Primero, Colo., Feb. 4. No more
bodies have been added to the total of
fifty-one recovered from the Colorado
Fuel and Iron company's mine, although rescuing parties worked all
day. Tonight it was said a body had
been found but that the passage had
not been sufficiently cleared to permit the bringing of it out.
Twelve bodies were buried at Trinidad today, five being placed in graves
marked "unknown." Five others are
in a Trinidad morgue. One has not
been identified. They will be buried
tomorrow.
Mine Inspector Jones said tonight
that all efforts are being concentrated
on repairing the shafts and forcing air
into the remote chambers. He is looking for the point where the explosion
occurred to determine, if possible, what
caused the disaster.

Our Repair Department Offers the Following Reductions on Watch and Jewelry Repairing
Best Main Springs elsewhere, $1.50. Our price $1.00
Thorough cleaning elsewhere, $1.50. Our price $1.00
Correspondingly low prices on All Jewelry and Watch Repairing. All
work is done by expert WORKMEN. Our work is absolutely guaranteed for ONE year.
N. FRIEDMAN, Manufacturing Jeweler,
33 West Washington Street.

MRS. FORD
Picked Clean
of Warriner
the Boss
and Me
HER VILENESS PROVED
But Attorney for Defense
Urges That the Only Evidence of Her Guilt of
Blackmail Was Furnished
By a Convict.
Cincinnati, Feb. 4. With the probable close of the trial of Mrs. Jeanette
Ford for blackmail tomorrow, the curtain will fall on the second act of the
drama of the gigantic defalcation by
Charles L. Warriner, former local
treasurer of the Big Four. The state
today concluded its case with a terrible indictment of the woman as a
human vulture whose life had been
spent preying upon men.
In the teeth of the overwhelming
evidence, the defense has been unable to attempt a vindication of Mrs.
Ford's moral character, but has contented itself with a bitter attack upon
Warriner and Edgar Cooke, the two
principal figures in the extraordinary
story of the $43,000 shortage. The defendant's attorneys will conclude their
plea tomorrow, and probably the case
will go to the jury late in the day.
Only two witnesses were examined
today by the state and not one for the
defense. The defense summoned four
railroad officials, but only two, General Counsel J. Hackney and former Auditor P. A. Hewitt, were subpoenaed. None of the four appeared,
and the defense waived its right to
obtain writs of attachment for them.
After the court allowed the admission
of certain letters by Mrs. Ford, the
state rested and the defense, when
the names of the four witnesses had
been called and the call remained unanswered, also rested.
In his argument to the jury, Prosecutor Cash reviewed the details of the
woman's career. He called the attention of the jury to the mass of letters
written by Mrs. Ford and by Cooke.
The letters, he declared, were of so
vile a character as to prohibit them
from being read.
Asserting that ruined homes and
shattered lives have followed the woman wherever she went, he demanded
that the jury convict her so that the
community would be spared the evil
influence she wielded.
Attorney Thorndyke in his argument
for the defense did not attempt to
vindicate the morality of his client, but
taunted Warriner and Cooke. He
claimed that the only evidence against
his client was the unsupported word of
Warriner and that that witness was
unworthy of credence.
ADAMS WILL FIGHT
FOR SON'S POSSESSION
Requisition Papers Will Be Brought
to Phoenix Today.
Tucson, Feb. 4. Louis Adams, the
New York capitalist, who, with his
secretary, Nat Murphy, and nurse,
Nora McLaughlin, is held here on a
charge made by his wife in San
Francisco, of stealing his 5-year-old
son, will probably be released tomorrow on bail, which his brother arranged for tonight by telephone. A detective, sent from San Francisco with extradition papers, will
arrive at Phoenix tomorrow. Adams
declared that he would fight the case
to a finish. "My wife has nothing
to prosecute me for," he said. Adams said the newspaper accounts were the first intimation he had that his wife had sued for divorce. He was never served with
any papers, and therefore had a right
to his son. He is only in nominal
custody here. He is permitted to
stay in his apartments at the hotel,
but a deputy sheriff is on guard.
A DRAUGHTSMAN'S SUICIDE.
San Francisco, Feb. 4. Francis
Marion, a draughtsman of the Southern
Pacific, shot and killed himself in the
presence of his wife tonight. Friends
were waiting in the rooms below to
accompany them to a theater.