THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: WEDNESDAY MORNING, MARCH 8, 1899.

ARE YOU LOOKING
77777777
FOR A FIRST-CLASS
UP-TO-DATE DRUG STORE
7yyy777777Trrrr7
Where prices are reasonable, where

you can have your prescription filled
as your physician writes them?
Where there are reliable chemists?
Where the stock is fresh?
If so, look up the
T. F. HUDSON PHARMACY
26 E. Washington St.
Cards of thanks, notices pertaining to
organizations and societies, church rallies
and socials, will not be printed in The Republican except when paid for.

LOCAL BREVITIES.
The concert to be given by Madame
Bishop Tuesday evening in the
First M. E. church, is an event of
great interest to the entire city. To
have the opportunity of listening to
one of the greatest singers of the age
will be the most important treat,
musically, in the history of Phoenix.
Sale of tickets announced later.
Chase & Sanborn's coffee
only at
Coffee Al's.
THE TUG OF WAR.
Notice is hereby issued to captains
or representatives of teams of the international tug of war contest to meet
at O'Neill hall on Wednesday night,

March 8, at 8 p.m., to agree upon conditions of the contest. It is hoped that
an authorized representative
of each
team will be present.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE,
International Tug of War.
"MARCIAN" NOIXNEV
Members of the department desirous
of taking part in the international
tug-of-war on the All-American team
will meet at the engine house March 8,
at 7:30 p.m. sharp.
W. H. KIRKLAND, Committee.
Go to Coffee Al's for pure ice cream.
Nothing but the purest of materials
used. Parties, balls and families
served.
P. T. Hurley is the leader in supplying good meats, both fresh and cured.
No. 5 West Washington street, 'phone
No. 12. Delivery to all parts of city.
Business men's lunch for the week.

served in the Ford Hotel Bar, from 11:30 to 2 for 20c. Sunday, tenderloin
steak; Monday, chicken pie, country
style; Tuesday, prime roast beef;
Wednesday, roast young turkey;
Thursday, New England boiled dinner;
Friday, fried oysters or Kansas
City pork chops; Saturday, one-half
roast mallard duck. Soup, fish, vegetables, bread and butter included; all
for 20 cents.
Talbot & Hubbard Have Johnson's
Powdered Floor Wax for dancing
floors.
Broiled steaks, broiled on a broiler,
and not on top of the range, at Coffee
Al's.
Twenty-cent meals at the Norris
Restaurant. Satisfaction guaranteed.
Try the Norris Restaurant today.
The popular rendezvous is at Wakelin's pharmacy, the most comfortable
room in town.
The Norris
cheapest.
Restaurant. Best and
Bear in mind the entertainment to
be given by the Spinsters' Literary Society at O'Neill hall Friday evening,
March 10, for the benefit of the organ
fund of the First Presbyterian church.
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has
been used for children teething. It
soothes the child, softens the gums,
allays all pain, cures wind colic and is
the best remedy for diarrhea. Twenty-
five cents a bottle.
Is Your
Razor that pulls. Dull Razors make
sharp tempers. Persuasion is a great
thing in the management of husbands.
Persuade him to give you the old
Razor for paring your corns and suggest that he go down to Davidson's
Cash Store and look over their line
of thirty-two different patterns of
Razors, ranging from 70c to $3.50,
some of which are guaranteed to give
absolute satisfaction in every
particular. Also a large line of Hones,
Strops, Shaving Soap, etc.
DAVIDSON'S CASH
BARGAIN STORE,
4 doors East of Postoffice.

NEWS
OF THE
TOWN
WAITING TELEGRAM. The Western Union has an undelivered message
for J. W. Vekoun.
ADMITTED TO MEMBERSHIP.
The Phoenix Tennis club held a meeting last night and voted new members into the club.
TO INTRODUCE THE BISHOP.
Governor Murphy will introduce
Bishop John H. Vincent on Thursday
evening when he delivers his famous
lecture on "Tom and His Teachers" at
the First M. E. church.
DEATH CAME FAST. Mrs. George
Burtis yesterday received word of the
death of both her father and brother
at their home in New Jersey. Their
deaths occurred within four days. The
disease was pneumonia.
COMPANION OF THE CROSS.
The Salvation Army will conduct a
'Companion of the Cross' meeting at
its hall on Center street on Thursday
night. Christians are especially
invited to attend. Admission is free.
APPEALED. I. S. Barnes,
who was tried in the recorder's court
Monday and found guilty of the charge
of carelessly obstructing the street
near Buxton's new warehouse on Fifth
street, was fined $35 yesterday. He
gave notice of appeal.
A CHALLENGE TO TUCSON. A
letter has been sent by the DeMund
baseball team to a nine in Tucson
with the intention of arranging a
game, and a reply is expected today. If
the challenge is accepted the contest
will take place at the Phoenix park
Saturday and another game on the
following day.
Pupils of the Indian school next Friday night will be the last of the season. An exceptionally interesting
program has been prepared and Superintendent McCowan cordially invites the public to be present. The
entertainment will be free.
WAITING ON WATER. The Phoenix Water company is putting a pipe
line into the Capitol grounds. The
trenches have been dug and the pipes
will probably be laid today. As soon
as the water is introduced the business
of putting the concrete into the bottom of the excavation for the foundation will be begun. The material is
all on the ground and Contractor Lovell and a big force of men are standing around patiently waiting.
HE STRUCK OIL. D. Nicholson,
the tailor, has struck oil. Some time
ago during the Los Angeles boom he
bought a lot in what was then a suburb
of the city. After the boom subsided
he hired a man to sink two wells on his
lot. Both are now good flowing properties and he has leased them to the oil
company.
INSPECTION AND BANQUET.
Major McClintock and Adjutant-General
Robinson of the national guard
will be entertained informally at the
Mills house Thursday evening by the
members of B company. Impromptu
speeches will be in order, after which
light refreshments will be served and
a good time generally is in store. Prior
to the banquet the adjutant-general
will inspect the company at the armory
and a full attendance is expected. The
inspection will take place at 7:45
o'clock.
A CHANGE OF CARRIERS. Word
reached The Republican office from
Washington last night that Frank M.
Hewings had been appointed letter carrier of the Phoenix postoffice vice
Charles H. Pierce, resigned, and that
William Howard Heiman had been
appointed substitute carrier. These appointments were really made here
some time ago under the civil service
and were forwarded to the department
for confirmation. Mr. Hewings has
been acting letter carrier for several
months.
DECENCY PAYS. It pays to be
decent under all circumstances. Joaquin Quintenero, Jesus Cuen and Manuel Felez were in Justice Johnstone's
court yesterday on a charge of drunkenness and peace disturbance. All
three were originally about equally
deep in the mud. But when they were
arrested the first two added to their
misdoings by making trouble for the
officer amounting almost to a resistance. Felez did nothing of the kind.
He made Deputy Sheriff Bush's pathway as smooth as possible and in recognition of his behavior he was
discharged.
STRIKE AT THE ORO. It is reported that a strike has been made on
the property once known as the San
Miguel gold mine. The mine is located
about twelve miles west of Wickenburg and has taken the name of the
Oro mine. It was originally worked
by Mexicans who milled the ore with
an arastra. After working it for some
time they came to the conclusion that
the supply had been exhausted and
abandoned the claim. It was relocated
and bonded last fall to some Indianapolis capitalists, who hold a lease
The strike has been made on the 150-foot
level and the 3-foot ledge carries $30
gold per ton.
TWO COLLISIONS YESTERDAY.
There were two accidents yesterday of
a similar nature. Alfred Trippel, son
of E. J. Trippel, clerk, of the council,
was riding his wheel on Washington
street and as he turned the corner at
First street he encountered Kellner's
delivery wagon. He sprang from the
wheel and managed to escape without
damage, but his wheel was badly battered. The other accident occurred to
William Howard, who will be remembered as the elderly man who was the
proprietor of the merry-go-round in
this city four years ago. The tongue of
the Commercial hotel bus struck
Howard on the back of the head as he
was crossing the street at the corner of
Washington and Center streets. The
horses had been checked and as soon
as they struck Howard they reared
back and the old gentleman escaped
with but slight injury. Mr. Howard is
an old timer in the territory and is 77
years old.
McKelligan's where you can get
the finest hand-made sour mash, bourbon and Pennsylvania rye whiskey.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Ed Metcalf went out to Cave Creek
yesterday.
R. J. Wadley of Detroit is stopping at
the Commercial.
Frank Cook of Pittsburgh, Pa., was at
the Ford yesterday.
E. P. Ferguson of Cincinnati is at
the Hotel Adams.
Vincent St. Johns was among last
night's arrivals at the Ford.
S. C. Vilas arrived at the Hotel Adams
last night from Chicago.
Hermann Kind and J. N. Bussell of
New York are at the Hotel Adams.
Among yesterday's guests of the
Ford was W. W. Edwards of Tucson.
C. J. Cook of Norwalk, O., was registered at the Ford yesterday morning.
Sheriff W. C. Truman of Prescott
was registered at the Commercial
yesterday.
O. L. Smyth, who is traveling for a
shoe firm of San Francisco, is a guest
of the Commercial.
T. G. Fitch came in from Tucson on
yesterday's train and secured quarters
at the Hotel Adams.
James Conley and wife are at the
Hotel Adams, having arrived last
night from Los Angeles.
J. H. Schreeder of Louisville is a
guest of the Hotel Adams, having arrived in the city last night.
C. Monroe Chirs of Westminster,
Iowa, was among the arrivals last
night. He is at the Ford.
D. E. Houston is in the city. He arrived from Lincoln, Neb., last night
and registered at the Commercial.
Eugene Brady O'Neill came down
from Prescott last night over the S. F.
& P. He is registered at the Ford.
J. A. Stephens and J. W. Smith were
among last night's arrivals from Prescott. They are stopping at the Commercial. Augusta and L. E. Oswald are registered at the Commercial hotel. They
were among last night's arrivals in the
city from Chicago.
Mr. E. J. Bonsall, who left recently
on a mine investigating trip to the
southern part of the territory, returned
yesterday morning.
Judge J. W. Kincaid, whose life has
been often despaired of and whose
days seemed numbered a couple of
months ago, was able to be down town
yesterday.
C. D. Reppy, editor of the Florence
Tribune, who is visiting the city, is accompanied by his sister, Mrs. H. V.
Day of St. Louis, Mo. They will not
return to Florence for several days.
Mr. Charles Riggs, manager of the
Rose Stillman Comedy company, which
plays at the Patton Grand all next
week, is well known in Phoenix. In the
past ten years he has brought numerous opera companies and comedy organizations here and to his credit
never a bad one. Mr. Riggs is quite a
prominent Elk and is a charter member of Silver City lodge No. 413.
Bronchitis and catarrh of all kinds
are scientifically and successfully
treated by Dr. Sweetnam. Most approved
The Standard oilers in Ohio appear
to be altogether too slippery for the
supreme court.
YOU WILL ALWAYS HAVE A
GOOD CUP OF TEA OR COFFEE
FOR YOUR BREAKFAST WHEN
YOU CALL FOR
GOLD SEAL TEA OR COFFEE.
SOLD BY
WAKELIN & ROBINSON

THE
DEATH OF THEODORE WELLS.
Younger Brother of the Assistant General Manager of the
S. F. P. & P.
Mr. Theodore Wells, a younger
brother of Assistant General Manager
Wells of the S. F. P. & P., died last
Sunday morning at Los Angeles at the
home of his brother, General Manager
A. G. Wells of the Santa Fe Pacific.
Mr. R. E. Wells left for Los Angeles
on receipt of the news of his brother's
death.
Mr. Wells himself was a prominent
railroad man. He had been general
agent at Cincinnati of the Queen &
Crescent route until he was compelled
by ill health to abandon his position.
His ailment was consumption. He
came west more than a year ago
and lived for some time at Prescott.
His condition steadily grew worse and he went to
Los Angeles.
A FAMOUS LECTURE.
The people of Phoenix will have the
privilege of hearing Bishop John H.
Vincent deliver his famous lecture on
"Tom and His Teachers." Bishop Vincent, as a lecturer, has a world-wide
reputation, and "Tom and His Teachers" is one of his favorite topics. The
lecture covers a wide scope, discussing
questions of prime importance in the
family, the school and society. The
lecture will be delivered at the First
Methodist church, corner Second avenue and Monroe street, Thursday,
March 9, at 8 p.m. Admission 25
cents.
NEXT THEATRICAL ATTRACTION.
The Rose Stillman company, a comedy organization carrying its own orchestra, will play at the Patton Grand
one week commencing Monday, March
13. They will change the plays and
comedies every night during the engagement. Monday the opening bill
will be "Jane," preceded by "Edith's
Burglar." Clever specialty artists accompany the party. The company is
under the management of Charles
Riggs, who has in the past ten years
furnished more comic opera and comedy organizations than any one man.
It is said he has never brought out a
poor company. Popular prices will rule
during the engagement.
The death of the man who invented
angel food is announced. He ought to
do a rushing business in the next
world.
COFFEE.
IN QUANTITY AND QUALITY.

ALKIRE
We have received our First Shipment of Wash Goods
and Novelties. The lot is in Choice Patterns and Latest
Styles for Spring Wear.
Our buyers are now in New York and we will expect
shortly large shipments of the Latest Things in the Eastern
Markets. Prices the lowest for good goods.
THE ALKIRE CO.,
Hand and N. East Washington Street,
THE NEW STORE.

THE WEATHER.
Daily report received at Phoenix,
Arizona, March 7th, 1899. Observations
taken at all stations at 8 a.m., 75th
meridian time, or 5:30 a.m. Phoenix
time.
Rain or
melted
Place. Temp. snow.
Phoenix, clear 50 .00
Boston, snowing 32 .06
Chicago, clear 4 .00
Denver, clear 40 .00
El Paso, clear 32 .00
Flagstaff, clear 24 .00
Los Angeles, clear 62 .00
New York, snowing 30 .20
San Diego, clear 62 .00
San Francisco, clear 50 .00
St. Louis, clear 4 .01
St. Paul, clear 8 .00
Washington, snowing 15 .50
Yuma, clear 58 .00
Note T indicates trace of rain or
snow.

WM. G. BURNS.
Observer.
REPUBLICAN'S SPECIAL SPRING
EDITION.
The history, archaeology and climatology of Arizona will be exhaustively treated in the special spring
number to be issued on April 1, and altogether this special issue will form
a valuable epitome of facts and figures
relative to the territory which will be
of special interest to all, and particularly to the eastern friends of our
winter visitors.
NAVAJO RUGS.
Guaranteed genuine Navajo Indian
make. Thoroughly cleaned. Fine assortment. Lowest prices. No middle
men's profits on our rugs.
PHINNEY & ROBINSON,
10 North Center Street.
Special Bargain
In a Newly Finished House.
Desirable locality. All modern
improvements. 5%?
W. J. MURPHY, O'Neill Block,
Corner First Avenue and
Adams Street.
"AN ANGEL'S VISIT."
Have you looked over "Kilroy's New
Palestine," Rooms 201-2 Fleming block,
city property, over 800 lots? First,
it is the home of the thrifty mechanic
as well as the conservative eastern
home seeker. Second, it is the only
sanitary sewered tract in or to the city
of Phoenix, located in the very heart
of the resident and manufacturing center, viz: on Center street. First, Second,
Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh avenues. Lots 50x130, price $65
to $200 each, on the installment plan.
Monthly payments from $5 to $10, without interest. All our business is done
in our office. We do not employ curb
stone brokers.

CALL AND SEE THE
New "St. Louis Washer"
' Greatest Invention in Washers Ever Seen.
D. J. BURT'S 31-33 East Washington Street.

Or any other illustrious man, living or dead, should he done
with good
WINES AND LIQUORS.
And if you intend to have a
"Stag" or Family Gathering you
cannot do better than send us the
order for the "Liquids."
We are also agents for the celebrated Castle Creek Hot Springs
Natural Mineral Water, and like
everything else kept in our store.
it is the best of its kind.
Adams and First Avenue.
Rufus Choate, the great lawyer orator, having arrived at old sighted age.
like many others, did not wish to use
glasses. A certain judge, before whom
he appeared quite often, observing how
Mr. Choate held his MSS. at arm's
length and then read with difficulty,
said: "Mr. Choate, I would advise you
to get one of two things; either a pair
of tongs or a pair of glasses."
Which will you HAVE?
"PHOENIX
Hibbard Building,
28 South Second Avenue.
US REASON TOGETHER.
is the leading Expert
Specialist throughout
the Southwest in Chronic

WATER GO
Diseases. He makes
no promises that cannot be fulfilled. He quickly and
permanently cures Kidney, Urinary, Bladder and Private complaints. Is your Blood bad? Is your Stomach and
Liver disordered? Is your Heart affected? Are you broken
down by some Wasting disease? Delay Is Dangerous.
Consult immediately the well-known, reliable and successful
specialist.
Consultation at office DR. HIBBARD,
or by mail FREE. Hibbard Building,
Hours 10-12 a.m.; 1-4 p.m., 6:30-7:30 Evenings. Phoenix, Arizona

Will loan your idle funds for
you without delay, or he will
lend you money in any
quantity on satisfactory se
curity.