PAGE FOUR

(Section Three)
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 21, 1920

GREATER

OF AUTOS PROMISED

"The outlook for next year is for so great an increase in demand for passenger cars that the public will be faced with a shortage more serious than any yet obtaining in the automobile business." is the statement of Vice President H. C. Pueschaw of the Mitchell Motors Company, Inc.
"It will be remembered that last spring with the armistice only a few months away and with automobile factories getting back into production with the utmost rapidity, the purchasing power of the public drained every available car from the market until a condition was reached where second-hand cars found eager buyers at figures above their original list prices.
"With a whole year at high wages, there is a vast sum of money in circulation and in spite of the best efforts of automobile manufacturers to increase production, only a comparatively small part of the demand was taken care of. This means that there are hundreds of thousands of buyers anxiously awaiting delivery and eager for the flow of new cars, which usually comes with the spring.

"While through our foresight in stocking up on materials, we are well taken care of for the present at the Mitchell plant," continues Mr. Pueschaw, "the present interference with the production of steel, coal and other basic materials is bound to have its effect, which will probably be felt around next May.
"For that reason, buyers are urged to take immediate action if they want their cars for use next summer. I do not consider the position of the Mitchell Motors Company, Inc., as any better or any worse than that of other automobile manufacturers and it is only natural to suppose that their production like ours, will show the result of the present disturbances just at the time when buyers who are now holding back will want to get deliveries."
"Another factor which is tending to increase the demand for cars in no small measure is the rapid development of good roads. Not only is there much activity on the part of the state and county organizations, but the Townsend bill and others now in Congress looking to the establishment of a national highway system under government construction and control, are being strongly pushed.
"This means that with hard surface roads, cars will be used more in the winter and thus cut down in a measure the average life, which in turn will call for a larger replacement figure than has obtained in the past. Of course, the increased pleasure and comfort of motoring, both for short trips and long tours, will take a greater toll on future production.
"Summing the situation up from all angles," concludes Mr. Pueschaw, "it seems now that the only advice that can be given the automobile dealer and user is 'buy early or walk'."

GOODYEAR

NEW

TIRE PRICE

MOON COMPANY HAS

Service In-Built

Fully "Equipped

AUTOMOTIVE SUPPLY CO.

H. H. WILSON, Mgr.,
102 to 110 N. Seventh Ave.

Phone 1872

Phoenix, Ariz.

THE COMMERCE MOTOR CAR CO., Detroit, Mich.
Largest Exclusive Mfrs. of Half Ton Trucks & Automobiles

PIONEERED IN THE AUTOMOBILE GAME
The Moon company was one of the earliest makers of automobiles, and too much credit cannot be given to them along with a few other pioneers of the industry who risked their money and reputations in the early days in bringing the automobile up to where it is today.
Away back in 1901 the Moon car brought out the left-hand drive, the first American car to build such a drive, and this has since become universal in its adoption.
The Moon was one of the first cars to go from a four to a six-cylinder motor on light cars, and also they adopted the first full-floating axle on any car. Strangely enough it was this first car that won a big race in Boston on the track there, known as the Moon 6-70 model.
The Moon company was perhaps the first in America to put the front axle out under the radiator. In those days the radiator stuck away out in front.
They were one of the first advocates of using the same size of tires all around, upsetting the practice of putting smaller tires on the front wheels.
The Moon people have always been pioneers in high-grade body construction and credit is given them everywhere as being the first to use the four doors on the body of the car, as many of the first automobiles had no doors at all.
Real leather in upholstering is one of the first principles that the Moon people stood for. In the early days there was a mixed opinion as to the use of imitation leather, cloth or various substitutes. But the Moon has always had the best high-grade hand-buffed leather and in this way has made the upholstering a feature of the car.
The Moon factory was turned over to war work and no cars made for a while, but their designers perfected the new Victory model, which is the last word in design and style.

EMERGENCY PATCH
An ingenious motorist recently discovered that his roll collar, from which the starch had been scrubbed out, made an excellent blowout patch which carried him home after his tire had failed on the road and lasted for a considerable mileage after that.

SPECIAL-SIX

Perhaps you can equal the performance of the SPECIAL-SIX but you can't excel it!
Big Six $2575 in Phoenix war tax included
Special Six $2050 in Phoenix war tax included
119-Inch wheelbase. Five-passenger. 50-horsepower. Intermediate transmission. Genuine leather upholstery. Cord tires

After having held its prices on automobile tires, tubes and accessories, for nearly a year, to a point running from 15 to 20 per cent lower than those which were in effect during the war, the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company of California has announced an advance in prices effective March 8, 1920.

"The new advance is entirely logical," states Sales Manager J. R. Reilly, "and would have been amply justified months ago, but we delayed this action just as long as possible. Rising costs of manufacture have now made any further postponement impossible.
"Substantially, the new prices are the same as those in effect prior to the Goodyear reduction in May 12, 1918, when, it will be recalled, we were first of all the tire companies to announce a reduction from prices prevailing at that time.
"We then had in our warehouses at Akron a large stock of raw materials secured at medium cost, and with many conditions caused by the war, promising to return to their normal state soon, we felt that we could pass on to our customers the price benefits accruing from these conditions.
"But all this is changed now. The unprecedented demand for our products has necessitated the purchase of new stocks of raw materials at greatly increased figures, and with all other costs, including labor, rising constantly, we could only advance our selling price to meet these rapidly climbing manufacturing costs.
"The demand for Goodyear tires has always been just ahead of our ability to supply, and this condition is constantly increasing in gravity. Our mammoth factory now under construction at Los Angeles will enable us to better serve the extensive trade established in the western country.
"For years the profit margin has been kept as low as safety would permit, for our volume of business enabled us to make satisfactory annual showings. With the largest tire production in the world, the facilities afforded by ownership of our own cotton plantation and fabric mills, and our world-wide organization that gives us important advantages in purchasing crude rubber, we consider that we are in better position than ever to maintain our leadership.
"We have pioneered the way in pneumatic tires for motor trucks and have made pronounced improvements in our motorcycle tires. Our achievement in tire fabric is also a source of satisfaction to ourselves as well as to tire users. As a result of activities in our own mills, we are using a fabric that is fully five per cent stronger than we have ever been able to obtain in the open market. We also continue the costly wrapped-tread process of manufacture with the on-air cure."

ALL SALES RECORDS

The Golden West carried off the sales record for automobile show week according to the telegraphic report just received from the California Marmon distributor, the A. O. Faulkner Company, who sold 83 new series Marmon 34 cars at retail during the San Francisco show week, totally eclipsing the phenomenal records set up at the Chicago and New York automobile shows.
This is an indication of the demand the dealer in quality motor cars can expect from this nation. The unusual sales records set up first at the New York show in January where 38 Marmons were sold at retail and later at Chicago where 71 cars were sold at retail are very much surpassed and San Francisco with 89 retail sales made during the week of its show is in the lead and proves that the unusual demand for cars is nationwide.
The fact that all this, in advance of the active selling season also shows that the demand for cars is still far ahead of production. Such records will give added confidence not only to automobile dealers but to dealers in all sorts of quality commodities and convince the manufacturers that they were not unduly optimistic in increasing their facilities and production as greatly as they have. In other words, the insistent demand for increased production was sane and level-headed.
These sales records totally eclipse all previous retail selling records for automobile shows, and forecast the greatest selling year of history.

RAIN VISION WINDSHIELD
It is a simple matter to give any touring car a clear vision windshield, which is not generally included in the equipment of the open car. The upper section of the windshield is simply mounted on the top by means of brackets that hold that part at the desired angle. In this way the upper half of the shield keeps off the rain, while the lower half protects the driver from the wind.

SOME WAG

SHINERS REMOVED
Ike Mike, you just ought to see my girl. You know she has the most kissable mouth and her teeth are like the little stars.
Mike They come out every night, eh? Carolina Tar Baby.

This dandy blow-out boot, get it name, "Porcupine," from its numerous quills which embed themselves into the fabric of the blown-out tire. Insert the boot, blow up your tire to full capacity and the boot becomes at once a permanent repair.
It's the most practical emergency tire repair device ever put on the market. No muss, no fussing, no delay or annoyance. A real friend in need.

Just ask your dealer for the Porcupine Boot

AUTO BOOT MFG. CO. OF CALIFORNIA
LOS ANGELES, CAL.

Tractor for Sale
We have a 30-60 Rumely Oil Pull Tractor for sale, it is a real bargain if you have any use for a Tractor that size.

Kunz

CALL AT

Kunz & Messing

Cor. Second Ave. and Jackson St.

Best in the Long Run
MANY A MAN WHO would not buy a tire because it was cheap will buy an inner tube simply because it costs a dollar or two less.
"Yet the performance of the tire is often dependent upon the service rendered by the tube.
It is a wise economy to equip with Goodrich Red Inner Tubes in the first place.

The B. F. Goodrich Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio
Makers of the Silvertown Cord Tire.