2

Arizona Daily Citizen.
PUBLISHED EVERY EVENING EXCEPT SUNDAY BY THE
Citizen Printing and Publishing Company.
MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS.
DAILY —One Year in advance ...... $7.50
DAILY—Delivered by Carrier, per month ...
WEEKLY—One year in advance ...... $2.00
WEEKLY—Six months in advance ...... $1.00
Entered according to Act of Congress as second class matter at the postoffice of
Tucson, Arizona.
NOTICE: This paper will not be responsible for any bills unless contracted
for and signed by the manager.
D. BRIEN MOORE, Editor and General Manager.
JOHN H. BEHAN, Business Manager.

ARE OUR MISSIONARIES COSTING TOO MUCH?

A dispatch from Peking says that the representatives of the so
called civilized powers, of whom Uncle Sam is one, have been making
an investigation of the assets of China, and have come to the conclusion that $300,000,000 can be collected without putting the flowery
kingdom in the pawn shop. It was the late Leland Stanford who said
in response to a question as to how much a railroad company ought to
charge: “Just as much as the traffic will bear.” This might or might
not be a vague reply, but it was certainly suggestive. It is equally
certain that the powers are out for all the stuff that the taxpayers of
the Chinese empire can bear.

This leads to the suggestion that our missionaries abroad are a
pretty costly luxury to maintain. The Los Angeles Herald believes
that the interest of the people of this country in foreign missions has
been materially lessened by recent occurrences in China. The hor
rors of the Boxer movement and the later horrors of war and looting
in Peking, and between that city and the sea are commonly traced to
the indemnity required for the murder of two German missionaries in
Shantung, the argument being that missionaries should not go where
their presence brings so many calamities upon the people. Our Los
Angeles contemporary seems to attach blame to the missionaries as
being aggressors. The association of Christian missionaries,” says
the Herald, “for the collection of pecuniary indemnity from Chinese
communities and for the imposition of penalties upon them without
warrant of civilized law and in defiance of the spirit and precepts of
Christianity is opposed so radically to the religious conception of the
proper limitation of evangelizing efforts that enthusiasm for Christian
missions has been chilled by it as never before in their history. This
may be a fact unpleasant to record, but the missionary societies, for
their own welfare, need to be told it exactly as it is.”
It is, however, unjust to blame the whole body of the missionaries for the excesses of a few. Most of the propagandists have confined themselves to their proper role of persuasion and have avoided
all acts of an irritating character. Their influence, on the whole, upon
the Chinese was probably beneficial and elevating. Too often, it is
true, the warships and soldiers follow the missionary to “protect” him
from local violence, with the result of doing a vast deal of harm to the
property and morals of the heathen.

It may be questioned whether, in the interest of the material and
spiritual welfare of the heathen, every missionary should not make up
his mind to be a martyr rather than call in armed forces to protect
him. It might be better for one good man to die, however innocent,
than for hundreds of wretches to be slaughtered in his behalf. Evidently his work is of such an important and delicate character that it
ought to be taken up with the gravest deliberation and after the most
thorough preparation.
But the practical question remains: ought the Chinese people be
taxed $300,000,000 for killing forty or fifty people, missionaries or otherwise, who were offensive or obnoxious to them, and who they believed were undermining their institutions, political and religious?
We killed upwards of 300 Chinamen up in Wyoming in a sudden
spasm of anger twelve or fourteen years ago. How much did we pay
the Chinese empire for this shameful crime? Nothing. It is noth
ing unusual for us to hear of missionaries of the Mormon church being mobbed, tarred and feathered, and killed in Tennessee, Georgia and
other States where the sectarian churches are locally strong. Do we
yield the Mormon church indemnity for these outrages? Not a bit
of it. Why can’t we be honest and fair? Why don’t we concede to
others what we take for ourselves? We ought not to forget either
that the Chinese were wearing silk and reading books before we
thought of covering ourselves with a rabbit skin, or dreamt of the in
vention of the alphabet.

ALL PARTIES PLEDGED TO STATEHOOD
The Solomonville Bulletin, one of the ablest and best edited
papers in Arizona, calls attention, in its last issue, to a fact that is
sometimes lost sight of by the people of this territory. It goes without
saying that the people of Arizona are unanimous in favor of state
hood, if we except perhaps, a few federal officials who regard their
jobs as of more consequence than self-government. It is also well
known, that the Democratic party has been in favor of statehood for
Arizona, for years past, and that the solid vote of the Democrats in
Congress can be relied upon to favor statehood at any time. The responsibility for denying statehood to Arizona, New Mexico and Oklahoma is therefore up to the Republicans, and if they deny the just
and proper demands of the people of the territories, they will violate a
solemn pledge made in their last national platform.
Our esteemed Solomonville contemporary very pertinently observes:
“The Republican national platform which carried McKinley and the
majority of Congress to victory last fall was unequivocal in its declaration favoring statehood for Arizona, New Mexico and Oklahoma.
The new Congress will be the first one in honor bound to admit these
territories. All past declarations by the Republican conventions
have been indefinite on the subject of statehood for the territories, but
the one last year was explicit and named the territories which it declared should be admitted to statehood.” This is true, and should not
be lost sight of. The Philadelphia convention explicitly pledged the
Republican party to admit Arizona, New Mexico and Oklahoma to
the sisterhood of states. The Republicans must be held to that promise.
Arizona now has a greater population than Wyoming, and
Wyoming has been a state for ten years. The taxable wealth of Arizona is greater than that of Wyoming, and fully equal to that of North
Dakota and Montana. The people of Arizona are American to the
core, educated, intelligent, progressive, public spirited and patriotic.
It is the right of our people to choose their own rulers and to have voice
and vote in the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States.
It is lucky that at this time when both the great parties
are pledged to render justice to Arizona that the people of the
territory should be represented in the House of Representatives, by
an experienced statesman, whose wide acquaintance and acknowledged ability will enable him to render incalculable service to his people. It is but simple justice to Marcus A. Smith to say, that he enjoys a greater influence in Congress than any man who has ever represented a territory as delegate. Unless the Republicans deliberately violate their solemn pledge made in national convention, the next
Congress must award statehood to Arizona, New Mexico and Oklahoma.

ARIZONA DAILY CITIZEN TUCSON, MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1901

It is a year unusual kind of a day
now when the press dispatches from
New York fail to report the organization
of a billion dollar trust.
When President McKinley visits
Phoenix it ought to be arranged that
Major McClintock, Ike Stoddard and
Charley Akers should pass in review before him. McKinley is a keen observer
and goes much on appearances, besides, he has a very friendly feeling for
the M.R.S., and the gallant soldier of San
Juan hill would appear to advantage.

Frederick Wheeler has issued the first
number of The Arizona Mining Press,
a copy of which has been received by
The Citizen. It is a creditable publication and is published in the interests of
the mining resources of Arizona. The
Press is to be published semi-monthly.
Mr. McKinley should remember that
the British sent Cronje to St. Helena,
and that if Secretary Hay desires to keep
up with the British gait, Aguinaldo
should be sent to Guam. Imperialism
and colonization come high but our Republican friends seem bound to have
them.

The Mirror, a critical journal, published at the National Capitol, has the
following to say about the delegate to
Congress from Arizona, in a recent issue:
“Marcus Aurelius Smith, delegate to
Congress from Arizona, the land of sunshine and silver. There are Smiths and
Smiths, but Marcus Aurelius is not the
original Smith, although he is an original Smith. Born and bred in old Kentucky. A scion of one of its oldest and
best families. He comes from a state if
not from a family that kills, although
he has done no killing himself. As
gentle as a woman, courageous as a lion.
He represented the territory in Congress, and represented it well, too, for
about twelve years, and after an absence of one term has again been re
elected. When Arizona becomes a
state, Mr. Smith will be one of its first
senators. As an orator, not necessarily
in Congress, but upon the broad prairies
of Arizona, he is known far and wide as
the best stump speaker that ever followed the path of the coyote. Talk
about your good story tellers, the Arizonian has few, if any, equals. In some
respects he is not unlike Grover Cleveland, especially as to his fondness for
fishing. Politically he is as unlike
Grover Cleveland as two men can be.
He is loyal to his party, faithful to his
friends, and just to his antagonists. He
is an excellent lawyer, and if the next
president is a Democrat, Mark Smith
would make an excellent attorney
general. The best evidence of his popularity is clearly shown in his repeated
election as delegate in Congress.”

A 'N 'OJUINA A ~g
•J(T ssajppy 'A/i/o Jfuqieui jo osu.xixa
Xml oj satuFjs julv-ouo ir jo jehoewj
no jjj/ jitas si *sj3Ao3 jaded UasiApy
[eAipajY asnas s.ohjihj -jq
• ..si-dpa
s,x>J3t<i -j<i JO S|¥lA jnoj pue ,‘£.mao3si<j ieoip-»nj
jo t»i)K>q uMiuift afooj i s.n»A
o*l Ad AO KBAV I djll AIU p9ABS AABIJ 3UU
anoA pttß pao'i aqj ieqi ;>A>tj.>i i uosjuml
*3O « **l! l=>3J I pan iibj wqi Ajopcj Stmiuto
at piniJoM. I *a|t| 99M quins « op iiK> i
*oa pnu ‘uifxxi b d»Ms joa pjnoo i ob
BBM I , . pUB , AJdAODBI<I p^OlpApi
nap|oo, JOOA i daojdH j»sd»dsAp pvq osi«
’Sani jqJiu pUB i»*q3 Am at tfcicd pßq i -satut]
arnos q« ib qitioaq Am jaR Ajpasq pjtwx> phj
in jo juoqs .Cua n* ‘poojq jtas ‘qXnoo
piw « pBH pcq o« j|»; i ioj uoo* dtp isttm i
iqAnoqj i uotidmnsaoo pßq i pfBS jopop Apmsi
ano pau u 4 oo ‘aojprf jo ‘sqoDßj
d >II°K SJW 83}U* u ’pMpUI JplS iOA S\l* J M
•sSani ijbsm joj „ pooJi s« jsnf „ supi
-pstn jaqio on si sjaqx g'XiaAooiiQ jroi
-psiV nap[OQjoj ajnjpsqns on jdioov
uopdiunsuoo ni uoijEuiuuaj fßjnj s pay
paiesj} Xjjnjiijpiin jo popajHau ji ipiq.vi
sosßostp ‘saiteqj
__-Jotabi[ ‘sSnni
‘STJlipuOjq
‘sqjfnoo {gsjEos
Bsajno ij oeneb oqj
sqj sdojs .{jito ion
j£j3Ao:>si<3 ITOipajv
n3 Pl°o 5.30J31J
•j<l jo *m Ota
sn 18 a q saipvqeui
|juk snouas. jsotn
« ajjei aj qßnona
Suiiuvm aq p[noqs
-aj e isqi
1! pcq la,[ * -qßnoa
* Xxno : gniqiou s.u 'Xiajes jo Bnt
-paj e joj asnoxa sb uaauS si uue[e asnßD
oj jqXno jßqj Suiqj XjaA - aqi qXtiona
XprejnSnig -sp[o3 puß sqSnoa sb assa
-sip jo suuoj jeijiiubj qans oj Xqßiaadsa
‘assasip oj ji jo uoijvai[ddß putios b
pus 'qjaAojd JBqiuißj 'jEqj in tuopsiM jo
P[JOM b s.ajaqx ..'Jshj jb uabjojq si [[a«
aqj oj najjo saoS jßqj jaqajid aqx u

LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
Know ALL Men by These Presents:
That at the annual meeting of stockholders
of the corporation known as “The Kureka
Crude Oil Company,” held at the city of Tucson in the county of Pima, Territory of Arizona, on the 19th day of March, A.D. 1901, as
provided by law, the following amendments
to the Articles of Incorporation were regularly
duly and unanimously adopted by the stock
holders of said corporation.
1. Article 1 of said Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article I.
“The name of the corporation is and shall be
‘The Kureka Crude Oil Company.’ The principal place for transaction of the corporate
business shall be in the City of Tucson, in the
county of Pima, Territory of Arizona. The
corporation shall have a branch office at the
City of Los Angeles in the State of California.
Meetings of stockholders and directors of the
corporation may be held at Los Angeles if the
stockholders at any regular or special meeting
so direct by a majority vote of all stock represented at such meeting. In that event the
books of the corporation shall be kept in the
Los Angeles office. The corporation hereby
intends to carry on business in the
territory of Arizona and in the State of California, and in other states and territories of
the United States of America.”

Article III of said Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article III.
“The amount of the Capital Stock of this
corporation shall be and is two hundred thousand dollars, divided into two hundred thousand shares of the par value of one dollar each
share. One hundred and fifty thousand shares
of the shares of the stock of said corporation
have been set apart and applied to the purchase of, leasehold estate in oil bearing lands
in the county of Los Angeles, State of California, of the estimated value of one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars. The residue of
said stock, amounting to fifty thousand shares
has been set apart for sale to the public to obtain means to develop said lands. Persons acquiring said stock directly or indirectly from
said corporation shall not be liable to the corporation for any difference between the
amount actually paid for said stock and the
face value of said stock, but all stock issued or
to be issued by said corporation shall be held
treated and considered as fully paid stock of
the corporation; provided however, that after
three-fourths of the entire capital stock of
said company shall have been issued the
stock of the corporation held by stockholders
shall be liable to assessment, and may be assessed by the Board of Directors to pay debts
and liabilities of the corporation, and also for
the purpose of carrying on the business of the
corporation. Assessments for said purposes or
any of them may be made in the manner provided by the laws of California, and if made,
shall be in installments not to exceed five
cents per share at any one time. The Board
of Directors may make said assessment of stock
at any regular meeting of the Board held in
the City of Tucson or in the City of Los Angeles, at which a quorum of directors is present.
The stock of the corporation unissued may be
sold by the Company at such price as the said
Directors may, at any meeting, determine and
when sold said stock shall be issued as fully
paid stock.”
Article IV of said Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article IV.
“The highest amount of indebtedness or liability direct or contingent to which this corporation is at any time to be subjected shall
not exceed the sum of twenty-five thousand
dollars. The indebtedness of the corporation
may be evidenced by notes or bonds executed
by the corporation. Said corporation shall
have the right to secure payment of said indebtedness, or any part thereof, by mortgage,
deed of trust or otherwise as its Board of Directors may direct.”
Article VII of the Articles of Incorporation
was amended as follows:
“Article VII.
“The business and affairs of this corporation
shall be managed and directed by a Board of
five directors who shall be elected annually by the stockholders at the regular meeting of stockholders of the corporation held at the City of Tucson or at the
City of Los Angeles. The Board of Directors
may select the city at which the meetings of
stockholders shall be held and shall provide
for the holding of such meetings in the By-
Laws of the corporation. No person shall be
eligible to the office of director who is not a
holder of capital stock of the corporation, in
his own name, on the books of the company.
Any person ceasing to be a stockholder shall
forthwith cease to be a director and the vacancy thus created in the Board of Directors
shall be filled at the next meeting of the
Board. Any meeting of the Board at which a
quorum is present wherever and whenever
held shall be and is hereby declared to be a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors
whether notice of such meeting shall have
been given or not.”
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF the Chairman
and Secretary of said Stockholders’ meeting
have hereunto set their hands and the Secretary of said corporation has affixed hereto the
corporate seal of said corporation this 19th day
of March, A.D. 1901.
ED. B. SPENCER,
Chairman Stockholders’ meeting and Vice-
President of “The Kureka Crude Oil Company”
WALLACE B. PARKER,
Secretary of Stockholders’ meeting.

[Seal]
Attest: Henry A. Greene,
Secretary of The Kureka Crude Oil Company.
State of California,
County of Los Angeles.
On this third day of April in the year one
thousand nine hundred and one before me,
Fred W. Heatherly, a Notary Public in and for
said county of Los Angeles, State of California,
residing therein, duly commissioned and
qualified, personally appeared Ed. B. Spencer,
known to me to be the Vice-President, and
Henry A. Greene, known to me to be the Secretary of The Kureka Crude Oil Company the
Corporation that executed the within instrument. and acknowledged to me that such Corporation executed the same.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF. I have hereunto
set my hand and affixed my Official Seal, the
day and year in this Certificate first above
written. FRED W. HEATHERLY,
Notary Public in and for Los Angeles County,
State of California.
State of California,
County of Los Angeles.
Ed. B. Spencer being duly sworn makes oath
and says that he is the Vice-President of “The
Kureka Crude Oil Company,” a corporation incorporated under the laws of the Territory of
Arizona; that he was present at the meeting
of stockholders held on the 19th day of March,
A.D. 1901, at the city of Tucson in the Territory
of Arizona mentioned in the foregoing instrument of writing and that affiant acted as
Chairman at said meeting. Affiant says that
the matter as stated in said foregoing instrument of writing are true.
ED. B. SPENCER.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 28th
day of March, A.D. 1901.
[Seal] FRED W. HEATHERLY,
Notary Public in and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California.
1st pub April 9th 1901; last April 16, 1901.

PROPOSALS FOR INDIAN SUPPLIES.—Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs.
Washington, D.C., March 7, 1901. Sealed proposals, indorsed “Proposals for Beef, Bacon, Beans, Coffee, Sugar, Rice, Tea, and other
articles of subsistence; also for boots and shoes,
groceries, soap, baking powder, crockery, agricultural implements, paints, oils, glass, tin
ware, wagons, harness, leather, shoe findings,
saddlery, etc., hardware, school and medical
supplies, and a long list of miscellaneous articles,” as the case may be, and directed to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, 60 Johnson
Street, Chicago, Ill., will be received until 1
o’clock p.m., of Tuesday, April 2, 1901, for furnishing for the Indian Service, beef, bacon, beans, coffee, sugar, rice, tea, and other
articles of subsistence; also for boots and shoes,
groceries, soap, baking powder, crockery, agricultural implements, paints, oils, glass, tin
ware, wagons, harness, leather, shoe findings,
saddlery, etc., hardware, school and medical
supplies, and a long list of miscellaneous articles. Sealed proposals, indorsed “Proposals
for blankets, woolen and cotton goods, clothing, etc.,” as the case may be, and directed to
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Nos. 77
and 79 Wooster Street, New York City, will be received until 1 o’clock p.m. of Tuesday May 7,
1901, for furnishing for the Indian Service,
blankets, woolen and cotton goods, clothing
notions, hats and caps. Bids must be made
out on government blanks. Schedules giving
all necessary information for bidders will be
furnished on application to the Indian office.
Washington, D.C.; Nos. 77 and 79 Wooster Street, New York City; No. 60 Johnson Street, Chicago,
Ill.; No. 100 Howard Street, Omaha, Neb., the
Commissaries of Subsistence, U.S.A. at Cheyenne,
Leavenworth, St. Louis, St. Paul and San Francisco; the postmasters at Sioux City, Yankton,
Arkansas City, Caldwell, Topeka, Wichita and
Tucson. Bids will be opened at the hour and
days above stated, and bidders are invited to
be present at the opening. The department reserves the right to determine the point of delivery and to reject any and all bids, or any
part of any bid.
W. A. JONES, Commissioner.
March 11th April 6
Proposals for cavalry horses. Office Chief
Quartermaster, Denver, Colo., March 2, 1901.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received
here until 11 a.m., March 12, 1901, for furnishing cavalry horses as follows: At Fort Grant,
Ariz., 63 horses; at Fort Huachuca, Ariz., 15
horses; at Fort Wingate, N.M., 11 horses. Bids
will be entertained for delivery at prominent
railroad points other than at those named,
horses to be in accordance with specifications
in circular of instructions to bidders, which
will be furnished, together with blank proposals, on application to this office. U.S. reserves right to accept or reject any or all proposals or any part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked “Proposals for
Cavalry Horses” and addressed Major J. W.
Pope, Chief Q.M.

Office Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.
Proposals in triplicate
will be received here until 11 a.m. March 27
1901, for transportation of military supplies
routes Nos. 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8, and for dray
age at Denver, Colo., during the fiscal year
commencing July 1, 1901. U.S. reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals.
Information furnished on application. En
velopes containing proposals should be
marked: “Proposals for Transportation on
Route No.—” addressed J. W. Pope, Chief Q.M.
Proposals for supplies at road stations, etc.
Office of Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo,
March 25, 1901. Sealed proposals in triplicate
will be received at this office until 11 o’clock a.m., on April 25, 1901, for furnishing fuel, forage
and water at road stations, in this department
and for fuel at Price, Utah, and Rawlins, Wyo.,
during the fiscal year commencing July 1,
1901. Instructions to bidders and blank forms
of proposals will be furnished on application
to this office. The government reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all bids. J.W.
POPE, Major, Chief Q.M.
Office Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.
April 1, 1901. Sealed proposals in triplicate
will be received here until 11 a.m., May 1,
1901, for transportation of military supplies;
Routes Nos. 1, 3, 5, and 8 and for drayage at
Denver, Colo., during the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1901. U.S. reserves right to
accept or reject any or all proposals. Information furnished on application. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked: “Proposals for Transportation on Route No.—” addressed J. W. Pope, Chief Q.M.
Denver, Colo., April 15, 1901.—Sealed proposals in triplicate, will be received here and at
the office of quartermaster at each post below
named, until 11 o’clock a.m., May 15, 1901, for
furnishing fuel at Forts Apache, Grant, Huachuca and T; Forts Bayard and Wingate, N.M.;
forts Douglas and Duchesne, Utah; Forts
D.A. Russell, Mackenzie and Washakie, Wyo. and
Fort Logan, and Denver, Colo., during fiscal
year ending June 30, 1902. Proposals for quantities less than the whole required, or for delivery at points other than those named, will
be entertained. Right is reserved to accept
or reject any or all proposals or any part thereof.
On application here
For. respective post quartermasters.
Attest: “Proposals for Fuel.”

Articles of Incorporation of Loma Verde
Copper Company.
The undersigned, E. Frank Campbell (M.D.), C. Modini Wood, Thos. C. Paxton, A. K. Driscoll
and Timothy J. Driscoll hereby voluntarily associate ourselves together and adopt the following
articles of incorporation for the purpose of
forming a corporation under the laws of the
United States of America.
And we hereby certify:
Article I.
The name of this corporation shall be
the Loma Verde Copper Company, and its principal place for transacting business shall be at
Tucson, Territory of Arizona, but
for corporation purposes to carry on business
in the state of California and to maintain an
office at Los Angeles, in the state of California, at which latter place meetings of the stock
holders and directors may be held.
Article II.
That the purposes for which this corporation
shall be formed are: (1) to purchase, locate,
rent, and otherwise acquire, to hold, own,
operate and mine, to sell, lease, and otherwise
dispose of mining claims, mineral rights, oil
wells, and real estate, and interests and rights
in any of said properties; (2) to purchase, rent,
and otherwise acquire to hold, own, sell, lease
and otherwise dispose of, to mine for, take out
and extract, smelt, reduce, and otherwise treat,
for itself and also for other persons or corporations, minerals, oils, petroleum, natural gas,
asphaltum, bitumen and other mineral and
hydrocarbon substances; (3) to erect, purchase,
rent, and otherwise acquire, to hold, own,
operate for itself and also for other persons or
corporations, to sell, lease, and otherwise dispose of smelters, concentrators, and other
machinery, pipes, pipe lines, conduits for the
conveyance of air, steam, electricity, water
and any other substance, buildings, and all
appliances for mining, reducing, refining, concentrating, smelting, and otherwise treating
minerals and hydrocarbon substances; (4)
to erect, purchase, rent, and otherwise acquire,
to hold, own, lease, and operate for mining
purposes, ditches and flumes, trams, tram
ways, trolley lines, cars, boats and other means
of transportation; (5) to erect, purchase, rent,
and otherwise acquire, to hold, own, lease, and
operate steam-plants, electric-plants, water
plants, and other plants for the generation of
power, saw-mills, stamp-mills, and all other
mills, all of which for itself, and also for other
persons and corporations; (6) to purchase,
rent, and otherwise acquire, to hold, own, sell,
lease, and otherwise dispose of water and water
rights, and to drill, bore and excavate water
wells; (7) to acquire by purchase or in any
other manner, to hold, own, sell and otherwise
dispose of shares, bonds or mortgages of other
corporations; (8) to purchase or otherwise acquire, to hold, sell or otherwise dispose of general merchandise, groceries, dry goods, boots,
and shoes, hardware, mining and other machinery and implements, as well as real and
personal property incident to the trading and
trafficking in the aforesaid commodities; (9)
also to refine, distill, and otherwise treat, pipe,
and store for itself and also for other persons
or corporations, acquire, hold and dispose of
natural gas, asphaltum and other hydrocarbon
substances and for such purposes to purchase,
and otherwise acquire, to hold, own, and operate pipe lines, tanks, cars, boats, and all other
appliances and means of transportation that
may be incident to or auxiliary to said purpose or may be deemed necessary or convenient
by the board of directors.
Article III.
That the amount of capital stock authorized
to be issued shall be one million dollars ($1,000,000) and the number of shares into which it
shall be divided shall be one million (1,000,000)
of the par value of one dollar ($1.00) each, which
capital stock shall be paid in property received, services rendered, or money, upon the call
of the board of directors, and it shall forever
be non-assessable, and each certificate when
issued shall state upon its face the number of
shares represented thereby, and that the same
are fully paid and non-assessable.

Article IV.
That the date of the commencement of this
corporation shall be the date of the filing of
these articles with the county recorder of the
aforesaid county of Pima, and the corporation
shall exist twenty-five years from its commencement.
Article V.
That the affairs of this corporation shall be
conducted by a board of directors, composed of
five stockholders, who shall be elected on the
first Monday of May, 1902, and until such election, E. Frank Campbell, resident of Los Angeles, California; C. Modini Wood, resident of
Los Angeles, California; Thos. C. Paxton, resident of Los Angeles, California; A. K. Driscoll, resident of Tucson, Arizona, and Timothy
J. Driscoll, resident of Tucson, Arizona, shall
be the directors of this corporation. The directors shall have power to fill all vacancies in
the board and shall hold until the election
and qualification of their successors.
Article VI.
That the officers of this corporation shall be
a president, vice-president, secretary and treasurer, to be elected by the board of directors,
and such other offices as the board may elect.
Article VII.
That the highest amount of indebtedness or
liability to which this corporation shall subject itself shall be twenty thousand dollars
($20,000).
Article VIII.
That the private property of each stockholder
of this corporation shall be exempt from any
and all corporation debts.
Article IX.
That the articles of incorporation may be
amended by consent of the stockholders holding two-thirds of the stock issued by this corporation, voting therefor, at any regular meeting of the stockholders, or at any special meeting called for that purpose, and such amendments shall be filed with the county recorder of said county of Pima, and printed as required
by law.
Article X.
That by-laws may be adopted at a meeting of
the stockholders called for that purpose by
the consent of the stockholders holding two-
thirds of the stock issued by this corporation,
voting therefor, or by the assent of all the
stockholders expressed in writing without such
meeting, and amended at any time in the same
manner. The election of directors and the annual meeting of stockholders may be held on
the first Monday of May of each year, and at
meetings of stockholders stock may be represented and voted by proxy.
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set
our hands and seals this 10th day of April, 1901.
E. Frank Campbell,
C. Modini Wood,
Thos. C. Paxton,
A. K. Driscoll,
Timothy J. Driscoll.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
County of Los Angeles.
On this 10th day of April, in the year one
thousand nine hundred and one, before me,
Edward L. Hutchison, a notary public, in and
for the county of Los Angeles, state of California, personally appeared E. Frank Campbell,
C. Modini Wood and Thos. C. Paxton, known to
me to be the same persons whose names are
subscribed to and who executed the foregoing
instrument, and who severally duly acknowledged to me that they executed the foregoing
articles of incorporation of the Loma Verde
Copper Company for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal the day and
year last above written.
Notarial Seal. Edward L. Hutchison,
Notary Public in and for said County of
Los Angeles, State of California.
Territory of Arizona,
County of Pima.
On this 10th day of April, in the year one
thousand nine hundred and one, before me,
Thomas A. Barton, a Notary Public in and for
said County of Pima, personally appeared Timothy J. Driscoll and A. K. Driscoll, known to
me to be the same persons whose names are
subscribed to and who executed the foregoing
instrument, and who severally duly acknowledged to me that they executed the foregoing
articles of incorporation of the Loma Verde
Copper Company for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal the day and
year last above written.
Notarial Seal. Thomas A. Barton,
Notary Public in and for said County of Pima,
Territory of Arizona.
My commission expires June 11, 1903.
Ten cent revenue stamp cancelled.
Territory of Arizona,
County of Pima.
I, Chas. A. Shibell, county recorder in and
for the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona
do hereby certify that the above and foregoing
is a full, true and correct copy of the original
articles of incorporation of the Loma Verde
Copper Company as the same appears of record in my office in Book Two of Incorporations at page 226 records of said County of
Pima, Territory of Arizona, as recorded April
10, 1901, at 2:30 o’clock p.m.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and seal of office this 10th day of April,
1901.
Chas. A. Shibell,
County Recorder in and for the County of
Pima, Territory of Arizona.
Ten cent Rev. stamp cancelled.
1st pub April 11; last April 17, 1901.

Articles of Incorporation of the Shaw
Pharmacy.
We, the undersigned, K. B. Bowerman, Charles Pence and Bart Burke, do hereby associate
ourselves together and adopt the following
articles of incorporation for the purpose of
forming a corporation under the laws of the
Territory of Arizona.
Article I.
The name of this corporation shall be
the Shaw Pharmacy.
Article II.
The general nature of the business to be
transacted by this corporation is: to carry on
the business of a drug store, and to purchase,
rent, and otherwise acquire, to hold, own,
sell, lease, and otherwise dispose of, real estate, store rooms and property of all kinds necessary to carrying on said business.
Article III.
The amount of capital stock authorized to be
issued is twelve thousand ($12,000) shares of
the par value of one dollar ($1.00) each.
Article IV.
The time of the commencement of this
corporation shall be the date these articles are
filed with the county recorder of said Pima
county, and the corporation shall exist twenty-five years from its commencement.
Article V.
The affairs of this corporation shall be conducted by a board of directors composed of
three stockholders. The first election of directors shall be held on the fourth Monday in
April, 1901, and until such election K. B. Bowerman, Charles Pence and Bart Burke shall
serve as such directors.
Article VI.
The highest amount of indebtedness to which
this corporation shall subject itself shall be
two thousand dollars ($2,000).
Article VII.
The private property of the stockholders of
this corporation shall be exempt from liability
for the corporate debts.
Article VIII.
These articles of incorporation may be
amended by a two-thirds vote of the stockholders of this corporation at any regular
meeting of the stockholders or any special
meeting called for that purpose, and the amendments shall be filed with the county recorder
of said Pima county, and printed as required
by law.
Article IX.
That the directors of this corporation may
adopt by-laws for this corporation. The stockholders’ annual meeting and the election of
directors shall be held yearly on the fourth
Monday of April of each year. The term of
office of the directors shall be one year and
until their successors are duly elected.
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set
our hands and seals this 3rd day of April, 1901.
K. B. Bowerman, Seal
Bart Burke, Seal
Charles Pence, Seal
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
City and County of San Francisco.
On the 3rd day of April, in the year One
Thousand Nine Hundred and One, before me,
K. B. Treat, a notary public in and for the said
city and county, residing therein, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared K.
B. Bowerman, Charles Pence and Bart Burke
known to me to be the persons described in,
whose names are subscribed to and who executed the annexed instrument, and they each
and all acknowledged that they executed the
same.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal, at my office
in the city and county of San Francisco, the
day and year in this certificate first above
written.
Seal. K. B. TREAT.
Notary Public in and for the City and County,
of San Francisco, State of California.
1st pub April 13; last April 19.

Articles of Incorporation of the Densmore-
Stabler Refining Company.
Know all men by these presents: That
we, the undersigned, residents of the city
and county of Los Angeles, California,
have associated ourselves together for
the purpose of forming a corporation under the laws of the Territory of Arizona,
and we do hereby certify:
First: That the name of the corporation
shall be the Densmore-Stabler Refining Company, and its principal place
of business shall be at Tucson, in the
Territory of Arizona, but it shall have a
branch office in the city of Los Angeles,
county of Los Angeles, California.
Second: That the general nature of
the business to be transacted by said
corporation is: to buy, sell, handle, and
deal in oil of all kinds whatsoever produced in or derived from the earth; to
refine, distill, or otherwise transform,
change, or alter the character or substance of such oil; to deal in or handle
petroleum products of any character
whatsoever.
To acquire and dispose of real estate
when necessary for or incidental to the
carrying on of the business of the corporation, to establish and maintain pipe
lines, and tram and rail ways, and to
acquire rights of way, easements, or
franchises therefor.
To maintain tankage or storage for
the storing of any of the products of the
corporation, or of any oil produced from
or developed in the earth, whether the
same shall belong to said corporation
or not.
Third: That the amount of capital
stock authorized is $650,000.00 and the
number of shares into which it shall be
divided is 6500, of the par value of
$100.00 each.
That of said stock 6000 shares shall
be common stock and 500 shares shall
be preferred stock. That said common
stock shall alone be voted, and said
preferred stock shall have no voting
power.
That of the net earnings there shall
yearly be apportioned one-half to the
common stock, and one-half to the preferred stock. On the preferred stock there
shall be paid yearly dividends at the rate
of six per cent per annum, but said dividends shall be paid only out of the half
of said net earnings to be apportioned to
said preferred stock. If, during any year
there shall be a lack of earnings sufficient
to permit payment of said six per cent
dividend to the preferred stockholders,
then, any deficiency shall be made up
from the dividends of succeeding years.
If, after dividends upon the preferred stock shall have been paid from
said one-half of the net earnings to be
apportioned thereto, there shall remain
any surplus, then the corporation shall
on demand of any preferred stockholder,
receive such pro rata portion of his holding of preferred stock, as the amount of
such balance will permit. If any balance
of the profits apportioned to the preferred
stock shall remain unappropriated
to the holders thereof three months after
notice that the same is available for
redemption of preferred stock,
the balance may be diverted by the
corporation as the directors may deem prudent. Preferred stock shall not participate in the earnings of the corporation, except the
dividend at the rate of six per cent
per annum. Upon the termination
of this corporation, from any cause whatsoever, the stockholders shall, out of
the remaining assets of the corporation available for distribution among the stockholders, be paid the par value of the
stock held by them, before any of
the surplus assets shall be made to
participate in the common stock. The
Fourth: All of said stock shall be
paid and non-assessable. The common
stock and said preferred
shall be paid in upon the
Fifth: That the time of the
commencement of this corporation shall be
February 14, 1901, and its
existence shall endure for the period of twenty-five years thereafter.
Sixth: That the highest amount of
indebtedness or liability to which this
corporation shall at any time be
subject shall not exceed the net assets
of the corporation at said time.
Seventh: That the private property
of each officer and stockholder of
this corporation shall be exempt from
liability for corporate debts and liabilities.
Eighth: That the affairs of this
corporation shall be directed by a
board of five directors, who shall be elected annually by the stockholders at
the annual meeting of the stockholders
held on the first Monday of May of each
year; but if, before such meeting is
called two-thirds of the stockholders
having a vote, shall in writing request
that no election be held in the ensuing
year, then the board of directors then in
office shall hold until the next election
and until their successors shall have been
elected and qualified. The following
persons are selected and appointed to serve as
directors for the corporation, to wit:
Witness the hands and seals of the
incorporators this 11th day of February, 1901.
Bennett Densmore
L. J. Stabler
O. S. Holbrook
Harold B. Van Horn
W. H. Pickens
Ten cent Revenue Stamp cancelled.
State of California,
County of Los Angeles.
On this 11th day of February, 1901,
before me, W. C. Hutchison, a notary
public in and for Los Angeles county,
California, personally appeared Bennett Densmore, L. J. Stabler, W. H. Pickens, Harold B. Van Horn and O. S. Holbrook, personally known to me to be the persons whose names are subscribed to
the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged
to me that they executed the same
for the purpose and consideration therein
expressed.
Given Under my hand and seal of office
this 11th day of February, 1901.
(Notarial Seal) W. C. Hutchison,
Notary Public in and for Los Angeles
County, Cal.
Ten cent Rev. stamp cancelled.
Territory of Arizona,
County of Pima.
I, Chas. A. Shibell, county recorder in
and for the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona
do hereby certify that the above and foregoing is a full, true and correct copy of the original articles of
incorporation of Densmore-Stabler Refining Company as the same appears of record in my office in Book Two of Incorporations at page 226 records of said
County of Pima, Territory of Arizona,
as recorded February 13, 1901.
In witness whereof I have hereunto
set my hand and seal of office this 13th
day of February, 1901.
Chas. A. Shibell,
County Recorder in and for the County of
Pima, Territory of Arizona.
Ten cent Rev. stamp cancelled.
1st pub April 13, last April 19.

Holds UP a Congressman.
“At the end of the last campaign,”
writes Champ Clark, Missouri’s brilliant Congressman, “from overwork
nervous tension, loss of sleep and constant speaking I had about utterly
robbed myself. It seemed that all the organs
in my body were out of order, but three
bottles of Electric Bitters made me all
right. It’s the best all-around medicine ever sold over a drugstore’s counter.”
River worked, run down men and sickly women gain splendid health and
vitality from Electric Bitters. Try them
Only 50 cents Guaranteed by L. Zeckendorf and Co., wholesale and Geo. Martin retail.