' . Vv -' '
',-
V
sV
, i.Vft ' THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH 12, 1901

- K

H.I
5
j'
A
r?;
ft
H -
K '
m.
"r.
.
Jfp
Si.
w
a
TAJ

Does Your
Shotgun Kick?

If no, we are prepared to at the famous Silver's Recoil Pad hero on short
notice, at very reasonable prices. We carry these pads in stock; they
usually retail at $4 to $5, with about as much extra for fitting them. For a
limited time we will fit them on, and furnish the pad, for six dollars each.
We guarantee as good a job as any gun store in the country. If your stock
is too long, or too short, now is the time to get it remedied and one of these

pads put on.
i

PLINNEY &

SUNS, BIOYOMES, CAHBRAS, TYPEWRITERS, SPORTING GOODS.
Established 1887. Phone 1471. 40 North Center St., Phoenix.

HELD UP A BREAD WAGON
Boys Act As Highwaymen; Take the
Cake But Pay the Price.
These be busy days in Phoenix criminal circles. Safe-blowing, embezzlements and other sensational affairs are
occupying the attention of the police,
and the epidemic of crime is spreading
among the younger generation. Yesterday morning, on North Fifth
avenue, two boys robbed a bread wagon and despoiled it of its stock of
cakes and pies. The wagon was one
of the distributors for the Phoenix
bakery, and while the driver was delivering an order, the boys raided his
source of supply. Had the driver returned immediately all might have
been well; he escaping with the loss of
a small quantity of pastry, and the
boys with smitten consciences. But
no such good fortune was in store for
either the plundered or the plunderers.
The driver dallied, possibly the vivacity of the cook held his attention. For
ten minutes the two boys sat and stuffed,
and were still stuffing, as only
boys with cast-iron stomachs can
stuff. Then the trouble began. The
mother of one of them spied the
thieves: caught them red-handed.
Stealthily approaching the wagon she
reached in and collared the two. Then
for five minutes more her boy led the
strenuous life. So busy was he that
there could remain no doubt of the aid
given his digestive apparatus. Then
the other lad got his share and the
two were dispatched to the bake house,
with orders to arrange for the adjustment of the value of their misappropriation of pies.
IN BED WITH A BATTLER
Mining Men Have a Blood-Curdling
Experience.
W. H. Wakeman, a well-known mining man, recently had an exciting experience, in the Cananca mountains.
Wakeman was out with two others
and they had camped for the night.
It was quite cold and the three spread
their blankets together and slept
"three in a bed." In the middle of the
night Wakeman was aroused by something moving between himself and one
of the others, down near their knees,
and he moved a little when he was
startled by the alarming whir-r-r of a
rattlesnake. Instantly all three men
were wide awake and the man who
shared the snake's companionship with
Wakeman, whispered:
"For God's sake, don't move."
"What shall we do," asked Wakeman, cold chills running all through
him.
The third man said: "There is a
ranch over here about half a mile: I
will go over there and get a pitchfork."
That was agreed, and the man went,
leaving Wakeman and the other man
lying in bed as quiet as fear would let
them, with their deadly companion between them. Every little while they
could feel the snake wriggling farther
up between their bodies, where it was
warmer, and they lay almost paralyzed
with fear. Finally, after a seeming
age, the other man returned with the
pitchfork. Carefully laying the edges
of the coverings blankets back upon
both sides, the third man gradually
rolled them up until they lay in a
long roll, covering the snake and the
sleeping forms of the two men in their snakeship. Then at a given signal
Wakeman and the other two rolled out
of bed, leaving the reptile in undisputed possession, covered and held
down by the blankets, and the wielder
of the pitchfork quickly dispatched it.
Needless to say, there was no more
sleep in that camp that night.
SEA FOOD.
Shrimps, Oysters on the half shell,
Ocean Fish every day at Coffee Al's
restaurant.
Fine work, fine finish, no wear or
tear, if you have your laundry done at
the Arizona Laundry.
For the next breakfast, lunch or dinner go to the Maison Dore, 17 North
Center street.
Always on the
Alert for Trade
Bringers

The New York Store
2 Years' Rave! First Pair of Shoes!

We will give your baby, born during the year 1901, its first pair of shoes free
of all limits, slim, snug and made of fine leather. We call our baby shoes

in every respect, made by

and considered their best baby shoe.
Our store is bristling with new, up-to-date, fascinating, clean
SPRING FABRICS
in endless variety of weaves and colorings, and at prices
ALWAYS THE CHEAPEST
We have put in stock this season the most exquisite lines of
HOSIERY
ever shown in this part of the country. The prettiest effects in lace work,
Richelieu stitch, polka-dot, fancy embroidered in all leading fashionable shades
and within reach of everybody's purse.
You must see to appreciate our vast line of
Shirt Waists and Silk Waists
They are marvels of beauty and elegance and are of the easy-to-buy kind.
Now is the time of season for exclusiveness and you want to be one of the dressy
set, whose apparel is always considered light and admired. We have just the
things which you look for.
The New York Store.

You will find me in my new quarters
1 East Washington Street
D. H. BURTIS
Same Old Telephone No. 341.

WE HERALD THE GOOD NEWS
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD.
We will sell you on the installment
plan anything you want. Come in and
see our immense stock of bedroom suits.
They are going fast and will soon be
gone. Get a breakfast set of our cobalt blue dishes, imported especially
for our trade. They are so rich looking
and we are nearly GIVING THEM
AWAY. Everything going cheap this
month. We want your trade and our
prices are our salesmen.
RICHMOND DAY CO.
21-23 E. Washington St.
Mexican handiwork, silver inlaid
spurs and bits. N. Porter, 112 East
Washington.
$16 Buggy, harness, all hand-made.
N. Porter's, 113 East Washington.
Miss Powell, manicuring, nail dressings,
chiropody and facial treatment.
Scalp treating a specialty. Room 1,
Gooding Block, opposite Adams hotel.
SALESMAN, ALAMBRA NURSERY, trees for the people Corner
Center and Adams streets. Chase H.
Purdy.
The best, cleanest and most wholesome 23-cent meal in the city at the
Maison Dore. 17 North Center street.
A full line of mirrors, German and
French, both beveled and plain. If the
glass in your mirror, sideboard or
dresser is broken telephone J. B. Long
Hardware Co. and have it replaced.

FREE! FREE!

Send Us Your Mail Orders.
4$$

Personal Mention
George H. Maxwell of Washington,
D. C., is at the Hotel Adams.
Mr. Henry Goldwater and wife returned to Prescott last night.
W. S. Howard and wife of Jerome
are guests of the Hotel Adams.
Judge Wm. H. Harms of Tucson arrived here yesterday morning, registering at the Hotel Adams.
J. H. Emmert of Prescott came down
on Sunday night's train and is registered at the Hotel Adams.
Mrs. Wylie, mother of Dr. Wylie, who
has been spending the winter here,
left on last night's northbound train for
her home in Ogden.
Mrs. Richard McDowell of San
Diego, Edward M. Tollman and wife,
Washington, D. C., and Henry W.
Kingman of St. Louis are registered at
the Ford hotel.
Tom Schultz, Prescott; Mrs. G. W.
Kuns, Beardsley; F. M. Chapman, Los
Angeles; H. Hunt, Caving, Cul., and
A. C. McQueen, Mesa City, registered
at the Commercial hotel yesterday.
Among those registering at the Hotel
Adams yesterday were: H. M. Hollenbeck, St. Louis; Benj. Shank, Philadelphia; A. S. Farber and Frank Harris
Chicago, and H. C. Schaefer, Grand
Rapids.
Among the passengers on last night's
northbound train were: George Kirkland, Prescott; Rev. P. R. Albrecht,
Jerome; Knox Bell, Carthage, Mo.;
Mrs. C. E. Barnes, Norris City, Ill.;
Miss Amanda Fogelstrom, Chicago.

Ring up 591 for the new Arizona
Laundry.
THE BURIED PAST
Business Men of Phoenix Should Help
Dig It Up.
Announcement has already been
made in this paper of the meeting of
the Antiquarian society at the board of
trade room next Saturday at 2 o'clock.
It is mentioned again at this time in order to further arouse interest in a matter which will be brought up at that
meeting and which should concern
many who are not members of the society, but who are interested to attend
and take part in the discussion.
The matter referred to is the move
for the exploration of the old ruin on
the Tempe road. The land on which
this ruin stands belongs to the society,
but it will without doubt give its consent to any organized and business-like
move toward its careful excavation.
The society, viewing the question merely from a scientific standpoint, does not
care, whether the investigation is taken
hold of by the business men and local
residents or not, as no trouble will be
experienced by the society when it announces its willingness to have the ruin
opened up by scientific men from elsewhere. There are plenty of eastern
men and eastern societies that would be
willing to do this work for what may
possibly be found.
But in that case they would very naturally insist on carrying away with
them, whatever of interest might be
discovered. The Antiquarian society is
purely an Arizona association, and its
members feel that whatever is found
here should be kept here. Therefore the
work should be done by those whose interests are local. Further, it is
believed that if the old ruin is carefully
excavated there will be found sufficient
of interest to warrant the starting of a
little museum at that place that will
prove a point of attraction for tourists
and in that way be a money maker for
real business men. Even if there is
nothing found but the bare walls of the
ancient structure, and they are carefully
preserved, that in itself will be a
sight worth looking at and undoubtedly
one of the things that will add to the
attractions in this valley for both students and tourists. It is for these reasons that an attempt is being made
to arouse a local interest. It will take
such a small sum of money to do the
work the business men of the city cannot afford to overlook the opportunity.
There are easily fifty or a hundred men
who could afford to invest $10 a year in
such an enterprise and twice that many
that could afford half as much, while
every man that runs a peanut stand
could put in a dollar or two to good
advantage.
The Moqui snake dance brings hundreds of dollars into this territory
every year, and that is only one of a
dozen illustrations that could be made.
(The Grand Canyon, the petrified forests, the natural bridge and numerous
other things of the same nature are all
in line with this argument, and this old
ruin, which is the largest one to be
found in the territory, at least so conveniently situated and so rich in prospect, might to a great extent be classed with these attractive features. The
subject is surely one for serious consideration and prompt action.
In illustration of the interest that
would be aroused by that work, reference may be made to what has resulted
already from the single-handed discussion of the subject in this paper during the last two or three weeks. Aside
from the local announcement of the
meeting that was to have been held
last Saturday, there has been but one
article on the subject, yet it has
brought to Dr. Milbr two letters from
scientific men of national repute. One
is from Dr. Le Plongeon, of Brooklyn,
who is a well-known author on archaeological subjects. He says: "I am told
that the Antiquarian society is about to
begin explorations among the ruins of
the ancient dwellers of Arizona. I
should like to obtain photographs of
any inscriptions that may be discovered, etc." The rest of the letter is devoted to a discussion of discoveries
along the same lines in Mexico and Yucatan, that the doctor has been investigating and which have proved important. The other letter is from John D.
Whish, of Albany. He says: "I have
learned that your association is about
to explore extensive ruins of an ancient city near Phoenix. If this is a
fact you will greatly oblige a student
of prehistoric America by sending me
any newspaper clippings you may have
about the expedition and the ruins. I
should also like to receive any report
that may hereafter be made on the expedition and particularly any copies of
photographs of what is brought to light
etc." These letters were both written on
March 4, and refer alone to the single,
mention of the subject in this paper. It
is an indication, first, of the interest
that the prosecution of this work
would surely awaken, and secondly, it
shows that people read The Republican.

FINE FOR CATTLE

Great Outlook Over Arizona, New
Mexico and Texas,
Never in Arizona's history has the
outlook been so bright for the cattle
industry, and, in fact, the entire southwest is in a like condition. In Texas,
New Mexico and California heavy rains
have put the ranges in fine condition
and with no more rains for six months
an abundance of feed is assured. In
every mountain range of any size the
snows have been of exceptional weight
and that which remains in the sheltered
places will furnish water for a half
year to come. Arizona has been particularly fortunate and has had more
than her share of moisture. As a result every range in the territory which
is not already stocked is being filled
up as rapidly as it is possible to buy
cattle.
Last December there were fewer cattle in Arizona than at any time in ten
years, many owners shipping out their
stock to avoid the effects of the
drought. In December of this year it is
very probable that there will be twice
as many cattle being fed as at any
previous time in this territory.
The outlook in New Mexico is not
much less bright. "The condition of cattle in New Mexico was never better," said Henry Johns, a grower from
near Albuquerque, yesterday. "To begin
with, we had the finest summer in the
eastern part last year, followed by
the finest winter all over the territory,
that we have had in twenty-five years.
The cattle are in fine shape and on
the range. The losses the past year
were at the minimum, excepting in a
few cases in the northern part, where
it was dry in the summer. In the dispersion of the marketable stock the
northern man will find very little to
choose from if he does not soon come
down and take hold.
"California grass has not been better
in ten years, and buyers are now in Old
Mexico, Arizona and our territory picking up everything available,
which will result in a shortage for the
market. They are paying better prices
than last year and not cutting.
The marketable stockers are also scarce.
There is not within 20 per cent of the
yearling steers there were last year.
The grower is therefore independent.
He also has money in the bank and is
likely to hold out for last year's prices.
The demand for beef on the coast is
very strong, and for old cows they are
paying $20 to $21.
"Every cattle grower in the territory
is buying good bulls and grading up his
herds, which will bring better results
better cattle and better prices."
Visitors are welcome at the Arizona
Laundry, Adams and Third Streets.

NEW CORPORATIONS
Articles Filed Yesterday For Eight
New Companies.
The articles of incorporation of
eight new companies were filed yesterday with the county recorder. But
one of them is a local corporation, and
it is called "The Coffee Al Co." The
incorporators are A. H. Williams, Theo.
F. Haffner and J. A. Kurtz, and the
capital stock is $10,000. Besides conducting a restaurant business they are
authorized to buy and sell real estate,
live stock, produce and merchandise
and run a hotel. The other corporations are:
The Norman Oil & Development company with a capital stock of $300,000,
The incorporators being James F. Norman, C. B. Rhode, J. A. Mathis, E. A.
Mock and H. W. U. Taylor, all of San
Francisco.
Chuckwalla Springs M. & M. company with a capital stock of $50,000.
and the incorporators are F. M. Frye
Eugene DeBurn, D. T. Ulmer, Guy De
Burn, John J. Shupe and D. F. Platner, all of San Diego.
The Safety Oil company with a capital stock of $300,000, and the incorporators are Percy Young, S. I. Potter and
W. D. Hardy and fourteen others, of
Oakland, Cal.
Trovandlik O. M. & Smelting company with a capital stock of $1,000,000,
and incorporated by George F. Moulton and U. P. VanNorman, of Minneapolis, and Olaf Lee of St. Paul.
Newhall Consolidated Oil company
with a capital stock of $500,000, incorporated by F. G. Baker, Charles E.
Hale and F. H. Foote, of Alameda; A.
H. Castle, A. E. Castle, F. K. Lane, of
San Francisco, and Frank Reese of
Los Angeles.
The Sultan Oil company which has
a capital stock of $500,000, and is incorporated by H. H. Aigeltinger, F.
Knapp, Henry C. McPike, C. H. Inman
and W. C. Carpenter of San Francisco.
Commercial Oil & Realty company,
capital stock $1,000,000, incorporators W.
D. Lawton and H. A. Gale, San Francisco; N. S. Farley, Oakland; F. B.
Granger, Alvarado, and H. P. Thrall,
Berkeley.

WHAT COLUMBUS DIDN'T FIND.
On landing in Cuba Columbus found
tobacco, potatoes and the turkey
among the native products, but it is
evident that gratitude is not indigenous to the Island. St. Louis Globe
Democrat.
LOOKING OVER THE MEN
Who are the best dressed in Phoenix it
is with satisfaction, as well as with
gratification, to be able to state that
without exception they all say that
their clothing was made at our establishment, and that they feel proud and
satisfied with the fit, finish and elegant fabrics of which they are
constructed. We are waiting for the rest
of our patrons now to order their spring
suits. Trade is rushing and still in the
swim.
NICHOLSON, the Leading Tailor.
43 West Washington St., Phoenix, Ariz.
Telephone 2963.

SIXTH AVENUE AND ADAMS ST.
The New Hotel
and First-Class, Modern Family Hotel. Not
Telephone 1831

The

Importance of

Geo. H. Cook & Co,
Arizona's Leading Jewelers. 34 W. Washington St.

FIR

E

Your Old Winter Hats in the
stove and buy the LATEST
SPRING STYLES at

PLANK'S,

FREEMAN'S-

Spring...
Medicines

When you get ready to use them
ask for L. V. HULT'S COMPOUND
ELEUTHERY-NERVINE, the great
Blood and Nerve Tonic. Tones up
the system, improves the appetite,
and aids digestion. Largest bottle,
$1.00. Another carload of Peruna
and Swamp-Root. Look in our
window.
Elvey & Hulett
The Live Druggists,
The Mail Order Pharmacy.
Goods Sent the Same
Day the Order Is
Received.
Removal Notice.
On and after February
1st, 1901, we will
be located at NO. 10
West Adams St., Good-
ing Building, (between
Postoffice and Hotel
Adams), with Pianos,
Organs and all kinds of
Musical Instruments. Your Trade Solicited.
B. C. MORROW & CO.
BABY BUGGIES!
AND
GO CARTS.
We are showing the prettiest designs
in these goods to be found in the territory. Upholstered, reclining back,
parasol and everything complete. They
range in price from $3.00 to $42.00. We
will take your old one as part pay on
the new one.
DORRIS BROS.
HOUSE FURNISHERS.
22, 24, 26, 28 W. Washington Street
A Sanitarium
of wearing correctly fitting glasses cannot be too strongly impressed upon the
public mind. The danger and ill
effects of cheap fitting glasses are known
to everyone. We have a skillful and
painstaking optician.
The Up-to-Date HATTER
and Gents' Furnisher.
BLOCK.