THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 1, 1907.

8

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN
Published Every Day in the Year by
THE
Arizona Publishing Co.
GEO. W. VICKERS, Pres. and Gen. Mgr.

Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
Only perfecting press in Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes in
Arizona.
Publication office: 36 East Adams
street. Telephone Main 47.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year ...............................$9.00
Weekly, one year .......................................$2.00
Cash in advance.
BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month ........................................75 cts.
The Arizona Republican is on sale at
all of Amos’ street news stand wagons
in Los Angeles, San Diego and Long
Beach.
PHOENIX, ARIZ., AUGUST 1, 1907.

THE ISSUE AND THE MAN.
Senator Foraker in his letter of day
before yesterday to the Ohio state re-
publican committee, directed attention
to a fact to which The Republican
some weeks ago had occasion to al-
lude in connection with the premature
efforts of a small coterie of the re-
publicans of this territory to arrange
for a pledged delegation to the next
national convention. That is, that it
would be highly improper for the re-
publicans of Arizona to bind them-
selves to any candidate previous to a
knowledge of his attitude toward
whatever might become an important
or dominant issue of the next cam-
paign. We spoke more particularly of
the tariff question. Mr. Foraker in
his letter mentioned that Mr. Taft had
already declared in favor of revision,
presumably at the next session of con-
gress. At any rate, he was unequiv-
ocally for revision. It remained to be
seen whether the republicans of Ohio
were for revision and that could not
possibly be determined before a con-
vention could be held.
It is a fact that the republican par-
ty is widely divided on the question of
the tariff and this division will grow
sharper until congress meets, and still
sharper if congress should take no
action.
The manufacturers of the country,
hitherto strong advocates of a pro-
tective tariff, and the chief supporters
of both the McKinley and the Dingley
bills, are generally now in favor of a
revision of the schedules. Their
changed position is easily accounted
for since the bulk of our imports now
consist of manufacturers’ materials,
either raw or partly manufactured. Of
these two classes the latter greatly
predominates. Also of this class,
much of the material originates in
this country and is shipped to foreign
countries where it is partly manufac-
tured only to be returned to us to be
converted into the finished product.
Hitherto, laboring men engaged in
the manufactures have found their in-
terests to be with their employers, for
a protection of manufacturers was a
protection of labor. They will, howev-
er, part company with their employers
on the proposition to reduce the sched-
ules of partly manufactured products,
since that would bring them into com-
petition with cheaper foreign labor.
While the so-called standpatters
concede that conditions have changed
as to some of the schedules of the
Dingley act, they point out the impro-
priety of undertaking a sweeping re-
vision of a system which has brought
the country the greatest prosperity it
has ever known and is still bringing it.
And they show that any revision which
would be satisfactory to the manufac-
turers would be a fatal derangement
of the system. Almost every citizen is
pleased with some features of our
tariff and dissatisfied with some. All
could not have a revision which would
meet their views so that if a revision
is undertaken it will be made to meet
the views not of the farmer, the la-
borer, the merchant, not the wool-
grower, the cattleman, or the general
consumer, but it will be such a re-
vision as the largest, the most active
and best organized interests demand.
We have alluded to this single com-
plexity in the tariff question merely
to show how complex it has become;
how sides have been changed until
even the leaders have become hesitant.
Of the avowed candidates for the pres-
idency, only two have made definite
declaration. One is Speaker Cannon,
uncompromisingly against revision,
and Secretary Taft for revision.
President Roosevelt, once a tariff re-
former of the Cleveland school, is silent
or at sea. Within two years he was
against an early revision and later for
an early revision. Since then the
Manufacturers’ Association has failed
to draw any sort of an expression from
him and lately it threw out the sugges-
tion that he had become either a
stand-patter or a fatal temporizer.
If this great issue, which must be
settled one way or another before the
next republican national convention, is
so cloudy to the leaders, how opaque
must it be to the party at large and
how impossible is it for republicans to
decide who shall be the champion of
an issue which is yet to be adopted?

TEXAS ATTACKS THE TRUSTS.
It will be necessary to repeal certain
important sections of the constitution
in order to give some of the states free
play in their attacks on trusts. A law
has just been passed in Texas declar-
ing that all employees of trusts or com-
bines residing in that state and all
persons in the state who sell goods
made by trusts shall be guilty of a fel-
ony, and, on conviction, shall be con-
fined in the penitentiary for not less
than two years nor more than ten
years. The limitation which the con-
stitution of the United States places
upon ambitious states desirous of kill-
ing the trusts, root and branch, is very
irritating. If it were not for the con-
stitution the man who sold a railroad
ticket or handled a trust product could
be hanged or burned at the stake. As
it is now, the constitution protects him
and nullifies the stern rigor of the
trust busters.

King Oscar of Sweden is trying to
find out the cause of the emigration
from his country to the United States.
One reason may be because there are
so many Swedes in some sections of
the country it seems just like home to
emigrants.
There is consternation in educational
circles in Iowa over a shortage of the
schoolma’am crop. If the small boy is
worried over the situation he has thus
far been successful in concealing his
anxiety with Spartan fortitude.
Misdirected sympathy for persons
guilty of shocking crimes is not an ex-
clusive American trait. Germany
makes as much of a hero of a con-
demned murderer as certain people
are prone to do in our own fair land.
Life insurance companies threaten
to increase rates on people who ride
in automobiles. Action of this kind
would be contrary to the popular be-
lief that the chief danger of the auto-
mobile is to pedestrians.
If the Koreans feel so badly about the
abdication of the emperor why doesn’t
somebody start a subscription and give
him a nice Morris chair as a testimo-
nial of affection, since he no longer
has a throne to sit on?

PREPARING TO DEVELOP
THE PINAL COAL FIELDS
A Meeting of the Phoenix Locators to
Take Steps Toward Organization.
An enthusiastic meeting of about
thirty-five city men who are interested
in a financial way in the new coal
fields in Pinal County, was held last
night at the Board of Trade rooms and
temporary officers were selected. It
was a representative gathering of the
total eighty-seven locators of claims,
and plans were discussed for the for-
mation of a company to develop the
coal possibilities, and every man pres-
ent expressed a willingness to bear his
share of the necessary expense, which
will probably not exceed $10 per mem-
ber of the organization. A committee
of seven was appointed to consult
with legal advisers relative to the
manner of beginning an organization,
and to report on the best means to in-
vestigate the coal fields under discus-
sion. It is thought that one or more experts
may be employed to look the ground
over and give an opinion on the best
course to pursue. Many favor sinking
a shaft upon some one of the claims
which appear to be the most favor-
able for immediate results. It is fur-
ther planned to begin today an active
campaign to increase the number of
interested parties from 87 to 100.
Many of the prospective members of
the company, perhaps a majority, favor
pooling their interests. Another meet-
ing will be held on Monday night.
It has become an established fact that

WHEAT FLAKE CELERY FOOD
is the best food for growing
children, invalids and the aged.
It is made from the whole wheat
berry, celery infused, so making
it the food for all classes, as it
feeds the blood, the nerves, and
prevents constipation.

Miller’s
Drug Store
N. E. Cor. Center
and Wash. Sts.
Phone Main 113.

Moth Balls,
Insect Powder,
Dog Soap,
Mosquito Lo-
tion.

MILLER’S
Prickly Heat
Lotion
DOES THE WORK.
Don’t forget we excel when
you want ice-cold soda.
Telephone us when in
hurry. We deliver promptly.

H. H. Miller, Prop.

That our American forests abound in
plants which possess the most valuable
medicinal virtue is abundantly attested
by scores of the most eminent medical
writers and teachers. Even the untu-
tored Indians had discovered the useful-
ness of many native plants before the
advent of the white race. This informa-
tion, imparted freely to the whites, led
the latter to continue investigations until
to-day we have a rich assortment of most
valuable American medicinal roots.

Dr. Pierce believes that our American for-
ests in most valuable medicinal roots
most obstinate and fatal dis-
eases, if properly investigated.
Acting upon this conviction, he
begins with pride the almost miraculous
cures affected by his “Golden Medical
Discovery,” which has proven itself to be the
most potent tonic and regulator and blood-
cleanser known to medical science. Dyspep-
sia, indigestion, torpid liver, functional
and even valvular and other affections of
the heart yield to its curative action. The
reason why it cures these and many other
affections, is clearly shown in a little book
of extracts from the standard medical works
which is mailed free to any address by Dr. R.
V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N. Y., to all sending
request for the same.

Not less marvelous, in the unparalleled
cures it is constantly making of woman’s
many peculiar affections, weaknesses and
distressing derangements, is Dr. Pierce’s
Favorite Prescription, as is amply attested
by thousands of unso-licited testimonials con-
tributed by grateful patients who have been
cured by it of catarrhal pelvic drains, painful
periods, irregularities, prolapsus and other
displacements caused by weakness, ulcer-
ation of uterus and kindred affections, often
after many other advertised medicines and
physicians had failed.

Both the above mentioned medicines are
wholly made up from the glyceric extracts of
native, medicinal roots. The processes em-
ployed in their manufacture were original
with Dr. Pierce, and they are carried on by
skilled chemists and pharmacists with the
aid of apparatus and appliances specially
designed and built for this purpose. Both
medicines are entirely free from alcohol and
all other harmful, habit-forming drugs. A
full list of their ingredients is printed on
each bottle-wrapper.

The quality of the coal deposits has
been demonstrated and the outcrop-
ping runs as wide as fourteen feet, and
it only remains to be seen how great
is the extent of this coal bed and
whether it will pay to expend a large
sum in establishing a thoroughly
equipped mine. The importance of the
success of this venture to Phoenix can
hardly be estimated, and it seems cer-
tain that the Pinal deposits will be
given at an early date a thorough and
conclusive test.
There is sickness in the family on
the rare occasions that a boy gets
enough ice cream. —Atchison Globe.
The woman with an aigrette on
her hat can always be relied upon to
lecture a boy for robbing a bird’s nest.
—Atchison Globe.
Davidson’s Horseshoeing Shop, after
Aug. 1, will be at new shop, 304 North
Center, next to Gregg’s paint shop.

Your
Flannel
Trousers
need cleaning. We do them
perfectly, no matter how fine, for

50c

Arizona Laundry
Adams and Third Streets.

Is his own benefactor and every day
brings him an inheritance. Why not
begin today cultivating the saving
habit by depositing $1.00, sufficient to
open an account with the Home Sav-
ings Bank & Trust Co.? Every dollar
deposited with us earns 4 per cent in-
terest. Once you start laying aside a
fund to provide against a rainy day,
you will not be caught in times of re-
verse.

THE HOME SAVINGS BANK &
TRUST COMPANY