THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 21, 1898

Pilsner Beer
New York's famous temperance drink. MINERS' FRUIT NECTAR with ice.
FERRO-PHOSPHATE OF WILD CHERRY, the great nerve tonic, makes good rich blood.
All ice cold, and sold only at the
BEAUTIFUL ONYX FOUNTAIN
AT
T. L. HUDSON'S MEAT MARKET,
26 E. Washington St.

Cards of thanks, notices pertaining to organizations and societies, church fairs or socials, will not be printed in The Republican except when paid for.
Read Kilroy's ad in want column.
LOCAL BREVITIES.
COFFEE AL'S PLACE.
Coffee Al's lunch counter and ladled dining room. All the delicacies of the season.
Back at the old stand, once more I am with you after a three months' vacation. I have again opened up my stock of groceries on the corner of Second and Washington streets, and invite all my old customers to come and see me, and as many new ones as wish to. W. D. BUCK,
The Cash Grocer.
The Radeau, one of the largest and finest hotels in Los Angeles, has reduced its rates to Arizona people for the summer months.
Dr. W. H. Ward has removed his office to the north room of the O'Neill block, 126 North First avenue, ground floor.
The cold storage system of Tribollet, the butcher, is conducted on a strictly cash basis.
Regular meals at the Phoenix restaurant. 20 cents. 27 South First Ave.
All lovers of pure natural leaf tobacco are invited to call on W. D. Buck and get the old Kentucky Burley twist.
Will you meet me at the fountain? At Wakelin's pharmacy, of course.
We call attention to the purity of our bread. Every loaf "Mother's Bread" warranted by the Arizona bakery.
The popular renaissance irons are at Wakelin's pharmacy, the coolest room in town.
Extra low prices for this month in groceries. Frank Griebel, 218 and 220 East Washington. Redewill block.
For Sale First-class refrigerator in good condition. May be seen at Republican office.
The Lightning Messenger and Parcel Delivery has removed to No. 20 Wall street. Telephone 16.
PIANO PRICES.
If a dealer asks you $400 for a piano, and after much negotiation consents to accept $250, don't think for a moment that you have an opportunity to secure a $400 piano for $250; but make note of the fact that he tried to get $400 for a $250 piano. Also remember that you could get it from me at $250 and even less without any preliminary talk, and thus save your time. Behr Bros.', Chickering and Mason & Hamlin pianos at $400 up. Cheaper grades at $200 to $275. High grade guitars, mandolins, etc., at $10 up. Cheaper goods at $3.50 up.
REDEWILL'S MUSIC STORE,
West Washington street, Phoenix.
READ AND RUN...
A Little Clearance Sale that means Money Saved for our Many Customers.
Woven hammocks with steel spreaders. $1.00.
Better ones for $1.50.
Utopia Palmer hammocks, worth $6, only $3.95.
Water coolers at bottom prices.
Refrigerators, worth $14.75, only $9.65.
Ice cream dishes, 20c.
Ice picks from 10c to 20c.
Ice shredders, 25c.
Lemon squeezers, 10c to 45c.
First-class freezers, from $1.45 up.
Fruit jars, Mason's, at jobbers' prices.
Water sets, pitcher, six glasses and tray, from 65c to $2.
Davidson's Cash Bargain Store,
Best place to trade in Arizona.
A door east of Postoffice.
WATCH OUR BARGAIN COUNTER.

JESUS CAPERS,
JEWEL TEMPTS,
Palm Leaf Fans and Original Goods,
At PHOENIX STATIONERY AND NEWS CO.

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

Small Paragraphs of General Local Interest.
News of Phoenix and Tributary Region. The Doings of People and Other Matters.
A delegation of the Young Men's Republican club went to Tempe last night for the purpose of organizing a club there.
All members of the Red Cross society are requested to be present at the next meeting (Wednesday evening) to arrange for an entertainment to be given right away.
Chairman Barnes of the territorial Republican central committee has issued a notice withdrawing the call for the convention at Flagstaff on September 11. At the same time he issued a call for a meeting of the central committee to be held in this city on August 30.
There will be the regular morning preaching service at the First M. E. church this morning at 11 o'clock by Rev. Mr. Goodman of the southern Illinois conference. Epworth League in the evening at 7 o'clock will be led by Dr. Pratt. Subject, "The Duty of Cheerfulness."
Mrs. K. Barrette of Washington, D.C., the superintendent of the national board of the Florence Crittenton rescue work, will be in Phoenix August 23 and 24 and will present the rescue work with its needs at the Albright camp ground in Brill's addition, Tuesday, August 23, at the hour of 3:30 p.m. Everybody should bring his neighbor.
Governor Murphy and Territorial Auditor Vickers of the board of control left last night for Yuma on business connected with the territorial prison. They were accompanied by Mr. E. J. Bennitt. Though he will not assume his office as citizen member of the board until September 1, he wishes to familiarize himself with the affairs of the board in advance.
Those who took advantage of the Prescott excursion last night were G. H. Coons, A. Ames, D. L. Conner, S. A. Sixsmith, Mrs. H. H. McNeil, William Best, Miss Mary S. Welch, Mrs. K. W. Culbertson, Charles W. Culbertson, J. Ernest Walker, Ed Ruppert, Mrs. J. J. Birchett, Martin Walker.
Another outbound passenger on the S. F. P. & P. started for Galesburg, Ill.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered Mr. and Mrs. N. Hudson at their residence in district No. 14 last week. It was arranged by Mrs. Bayles and her father, Mr. Barkley, assisted by the daughters of Mrs. Bayles, Mrs. Manker and Miss Artie Bayles. There was fishing, music, social converse and a glorious dinner of roast turkey, ice cream, etc., served under spreading shade trees.
The Pioneer band concert will take place at the court house plaza at 6:30 o'clock this evening instead of 8:30. Both of these hours were arranged that the concert might not conflict with church services. But 8:30 was found to be rather late for the concert. Commencing at 6:30, the concert will conclude about the time the church services begin.
Today's programme at the camp grounds is as follows: Nine o'clock a.m., Sunday school; 10 a.m., love feast; 11 a.m., preaching by Rev. Claud Thompson; 3 p.m., preaching by Rev. M. B. Sharbrough; 6:45 p.m., Epworth League; 7:45 p.m., preaching by Rev. Q. A. Oats. The Sunday school and Epworth League services will be a union of Bethel and Phoenix young people. All are equally welcome to all these services.
Governor Murphy yesterday received the resignation of ex-Governor L. C. Hughes as chancellor of the board of regents of the university. At the same time he appointed Col. William Herring of Tucson to the chancellorship. Col. Herring will not qualify until September 6, the date of the next meeting of the board of regents. During Governor Murphy's former administration Col. Herring held the office of attorney-general.
The Red Cross society has not been fit work for the past two weeks owing to the absence of a great many members and the intensely hot weather. Twenty-seven pajama suits, 200 comfort bags and $50 were sent to the "Rough Riders" at Long Island. Twenty-five dollars and sixty comfort bags were sent by the Tempe society and $50 by the Florence society. Both societies have done grand work and their money will be thankfully received and used to alleviate the sufferings of the sick and wounded soldiers.
Dog killing is going on with a rush. Fifty-nine have been executed since last Tuesday when the open season began. Since then 110 tags have been sold and many dogs which have neither been killed nor paid for are taken off the street by their owners and concealed. This beats the record for dog killing in Phoenix, and Emanuel B. Scott with his wire slip-noose is a more effective remover of dogs than a dozen men armed with rifles hunting them on the street under the system which prevailed last year. The only fault to be found with the present system is the brief time between the capture and the execution. The dogs are killed on the morning after their capture, so that the owners have little time to redeem them if they were disposed to do it.
Articles of incorporation of the Valley Lumber company were filed in the office of the county recorder yesterday. The incorporators are Peter C. Epstein, George N. Gage and A. A. Vulsworth. The capital stock is $50,000, divided into 500 shares. Articles of the Logan Oil company, a Los Angeles corporation, were also filed. The incorporators are Amos M. Austin, Patrick M. Darcy, Herman Peischer, James A. Griffith, Clarence Darcy and Frank Marr. The capital stock is $65,000, shares $1 each.
Mont Rhodes died yesterday morning of consumption at the residence of his father, J. E. Rhodes, on North Fourth avenue. The funeral service, conducted by Rev. Lewis Halsey, will take place at the residence at 8:30 o'clock this morning. The deceased had lived in Phoenix for many years and was one of the best known young men in the city. He was for some time associated with his brother, W. E. Rhodes, in the bicycle business, but more than a year ago he was compelled to retire on account of ill health. He steadily grew weaker until the end. He was lately brought home from Prescott.
Complaint was made against a lady in the eastern part of town charging her with violating the health ordinance. A family living in the rear part of the house have a little girl who is sick with diphtheria, and yesterday Dr. Wylie, acting health officer, ordered a diphtheria card posted conspicuously on the front of the house advertising the presence of the disease. It was not a decorative card and the owner of the house tore it down. She explained that she did not believe the disease was diphtheria. Hence her trouble grew out of the difference of the diagnoses. If all doctors had such a cinch on each other in cases of difference of opinion regarding diseases somebody would be in jail all the time. As it is the patient is always apt to be the sufferer.
An old man of a statistical turn of mind was present when the Democratic convention opened on Thursday morning, and was there continuously through every session until an adjournment was taken to the court house on Friday afternoon. One thing that interested him more than the regular proceedings of the convention was the enormous consumption of ice water. The Democrats in that brief time drank twelve tubs of water, each tub holding about twenty gallons. The old man was in the gallery and had a view of every tub. Whenever one was emptied he scored in a little notebook. Speaking of it yesterday, he said: "I'll bet $500 there never was another Democratic convention like it. The Lord knows where all the water went to, but those Democrats couldn't have had any room left for strong drink. Times are changing and people are falling away from party traditions." Lewis W. Coggins yesterday announced that he would be a candidate before the Republican county convention for the office of county recorder. The friends of Mr. Coggins have for some time been urging him to take this step and they will greet with enthusiasm his decision. Mr. Coggins was born in 1869 at Lamoine, Hancock county, Maine, and came of revolutionary war stock. In 1876 he moved with his parents to Greeley, Colorado, where he grew to manhood. He received a high school education and then served for three years as deputy county recorder at Greeley. He came to Phoenix in January, 1892, and shortly afterwards went into the abstract business, in which he has been very successful. He was one of the organizers and is now one of the officials of the Phoenix Guarantee and Abstract company. He is thoroughly familiar with the records of this county and his accuracy and reliability in his line of business are well known. For these reasons he is particularly suited for the office which he seeks and it would be a fitting compliment to the younger element of the party should he receive the nomination. Mr. Coggins has always been a Republican and while he has in no sense ever been an office seeker he has always been an earnest party worker. He would be a popular candidate and could be easily elected, as his friends are numerous throughout the country.
H. Mac Davenport returned lately from the Viking mine where he has been employed for some time. A special process for the treatment of that rich silver ore was tried for a time, but not long ago it was found to be unsatisfactory and was abandoned. Arrangements are now being made to put in a mill, when work will be resumed on an extensive scale.
McKelligon's where you can get the finest hand-made sour mash, bourbon and Pennsylvania rye whiskies.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Mr. Herbert Brown, editor of the Tucson Citizen, was in town yesterday. Mr. R. E. Miner left last night for the Arizona dam to bring home his son George and the two sons of Rev. Mr. Halsey who have been camping there for the past week.
J. S. Baker, a newspaper man from Philadelphia, who came here for his health a few weeks ago, will leave tonight for Prescott to take one of the newly created offices of forest rangers under the late act of Congress for the preservation of forests.
TO CLEANSE THE SYSTEM
Effectually, yet gently, when costive or bilious, to permanently overcome habitual constipation, to awaken the kidneys and liver to healthy activity without irritating or weakening them, to dispel headaches, colds or fevers, use Syrup of Figs, made by the California Fig Syrup Co.
Lost A bright bay horse, about 15 1/2 hands high: old wire cut scar on near front fetlock. Return to Republican office and collect charges.
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used for children teething. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays all pain, cures wind colic and is the best remedy for diarrhea. Twenty-five cents a bottle.
CREAM
AMMONIA
Hessler's, World's Fair Gold Medal Winner Fair
6 PURE GRAPE CREAM OF TARTAR POWDER

Low Prices.
We Are The Only House in Arizona doing an exclusive Wholesale Grocery business. Our stock the largest and prices the lowest. Come to headquarters when buying Groceries at Wholesale. Merchants, look to your interests.
The Barkley-Berryman Mercantile Company
Wholesale Grocers.
No. 214-216 West Adams Street.
We carry the largest stock of Groceries of any house in Arizona.

County Scrip Bought
MONEY TO LOAN.

E. E. PASCOE,
Ring Up Telephone 63

Or call at 38 North Center street when wanting something nice to drink. We are headquarters for the best in our line and sole agents for Pabst, Lemp's and the San Francisco breweries, Ltd., three of the best breweries on earth.

Remember Bear's Keystone Pharmacy

Galvanized Steel Windmills and Towers, Tanks and Watering Troughs, Pumps, Pipe and Fittings, put up by
H. B. BRITTIS, 31-33 E. Washington Street

Out of Town
7 S. First Avenue

ELCZER BROS.

"EYES RIGHT!"
I make them right. It's my business, my only business. I have made hundreds right that were not right. RIGHT GLASSES, RIGHT TREATMENT, and RIGHT PRICES; these are the three graces that have established the right reputation for my optical work.
THE CORRECT FITTING OF GLASSES IS MY EXCLUSIVE BUSINESS. EXAMINATION IS FREE.
DR. GEO. B. PRATT,
Arizona's Leading Optician
Ford Hotel Block.
A SUMMER NIGHT'S ENTERTAINMENT
would be incomplete without the Phoenix Candy Company's refreshing and delicious fruit ices, fancy ice creams and sherbets, for which we have so justly earned an enviable reputation in concocting. There is nothing in this line that we do not make in the richest, purest and most tempting manner.
PHOENIX CANDY CO.
Will place in his window a SELF-WINDING Western Union CLOCK:
Everybody can set their WATCHES.
BEAR is on time and up-to-date.
BEAR is quite BUSY and fills PRESCRIPTIONS DAY AND NIGHT.
BEAR FOR DRUGS.