2

Daily Citizen.
PUBLISHED EVERY EVENING EXCEPT SUNDAY.
By The Citizen Printing and Publishing Co.
MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS.
DAILY—One year in advance - - - $7.50
DAILY—Delivered by Carrier, per month .65
WEEKLY—One year in advance - - - 2.00
WEEKLY—Six months in advance 1.00
Entered According to Act of Congress as Second-class Matter at the Postoffice of Tucson.
NOTICE.—This paper will not be responsible for any bills unless contracted for and signed by the manager.
Citizen Printing and Publishing Co.
E. W. Norris, Mgr.
THE GOVERNOR
IS MISREPRESENTED.
Now it is said that in the event of the failure of this democratic legislature passing laws suppressing gambling and allowing the people to settle the drink business through a local option law, that the governor will refer the matter to Congress, and have that body pass a bill touching these subjects on the ground that the people of Arizona are not capable of self-government, as illustrated by the action of the legislature in refusing to consider his recommendations of these two vital questions, touching the better government of the territory. Well, we will see how this report turns out.—Tucson Star.
Fifteen lines is a long stretch for a single sentence, and it is not everyone who can hold his breath and keep his mind on the subject of the sentence long enough to get any sense out of it.

It is not strange that a newspaper that allows such a sentence to enter its columns should get the truth mixed, elongated, jerked out of shape and form, and ridiculously contorted. The Star has of late been misrepresenting Governor Murphy; whether through ignorance or with malicious intent we do not know, but it has done so on several occasions. The last article appeared in Sunday’s issue, a day when the morning paper prints a column of scripture, and out of respect to its religious editor should, it seems to us, refrain from lying unnecessarily.
The fact is that Governor Murphy never recommended the “suppression of gambling” in Arizona. This statement was evidently born of a long-felt wish of the Star editor, who is opposed to gambling in all its forms and devices. Governor Murphy recommended that the law now on the statute books licensing gambling be repealed and the question left to local option. Governor Murphy does not wish to suppress gambling by this action; he only wishes to remove some of the odium from the territory which is striving for statehood and place the responsibility upon the municipalities where it belongs. The Star’s “rumor” that the governor is going to take the issue up in Washington before Congress is silly, but it is not unexpected since the morning paper has indulged in a number of other attacks upon the chief executive which are equally ridiculous.

A PHOENIX
PAPER CORRECTED.
The Phoenix Republican says editorially:
Senator Ives should send the Enterprise to a night school where the art of lying is scientifically taught. The Enterprise possesses much natural ability, but successful prevarication must be preceded by skillful training. The object of lying is to deceive, and not to merely tell untruths without purpose and in the face of glaring facts. The senator’s organ said last night:
Our governor in his message recommends the appropriation of $37,500 to complete the prison. The legislature cut the same down to $25,000. The bill was vetoed through pique and for the purpose of humiliating Senator Ives, who had started an investigation of the board of control and the auditor's office.
The governor did not recommend an appropriation of $37,500 or any other sum “to complete the prison.”
What he did recommend in his message to the legislature on the subject of the prison was this:
In my judgment it is clearly your duty to authorize and order the construction of a new and modern prison. I have no suggestions to make concerning the location, beyond stating it as my conviction that you should carefully investigate all the features of the situation and then provide for a new and permanent institution at the point best adapted to economical management without reference to bias or prejudice prevailing in any locality and in disregard of all selfish interests, corporate or otherwise. If you find that the construction and maintenance of such a penal establishment as is needed can be had at Yuma as successfully as elsewhere, I shall be glad to co-operate with you most heartily in carrying your views into effect.
The governor’s message was read in the hearing of all the members of the legislature. It was printed the next morning in two of the newspapers in Phoenix, was read by thousands and that part of it relating to the prison was widely commented upon. Even now a copy of the message in pamphlet form is in the desk of every member of the legislature. So wherefore the silly prevarication of the Enterprise?

“Gov. N. O. Murphy of Arizona, exposed Flower in connection with his Penaxuma mine scheme over a year ago,” said Porter W. Fleming of Tucson at the Raleigh last night.—Washington Post.
This is not the first time that newspaper men have had their game appropriated by others. It was a young Minnesotan on the staff of the Phoenix Republican who investigated the Penaxuma grand, traced its working and exposed it in his paper, an exposure followed by the governor’s denunciation of mining fakes in general, with this one as an illustration.—St. Paul Dispatch.
A Widow’s Love Affair
Receives a setback, if she has offensive breath through Constipation, Biliousness or Stomach Trouble, but Dr. King’s New Life Pills always cure those troubles; clean the system, sweeten the breath, banish headache; best in the world for liver, kidneys and bowels. Only 25c at L. Zeckendorf & Co., wholesale and Geo. Martin’s, retail.
If at last she tires of the fault-finding of a dyspeptic husband and leaves him?
The worst of the dyspeptic is that he does not realize his own meanness. His world is entirely out of perspective.
Dyspepsia and other diseases of the stomach and organs of digestion and nutrition are perfectly and permanently cured by the use of Dr. Pierce’s Golden Medical Discovery. It cures the worst forms of the disease. It cures when all other medicines have failed to benefit. Accept no substitute for Dr. Pierce’s Golden Medical Discovery. There is no other medicine for the stomach, blood and lungs, which can show so wide and wonderful a record of cures. It always helps. It almost always cures.
“I can say to you, one bottle of your 'Golden Medical Discovery' has cured me sound and well, after suffering two long years of stomach disease.” writes Mr. W. H. Braawell, of McAdenville, Gaston Co., North Carolina. “My health is worth all the world to me. I will praise you as long as I live.”
Dr. Pierce’s Common Sense Medical Adviser, in paper binding, is sent free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay expense of mailing only, or if cloth-bound volume is desired send 31 stamps.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.

Night Was Her Terror.
“I would cough nearly all night long,” writes Mrs. Chas. Applegate, of Alexandria, Ind., “and could hardly get any sleep. I had consumption so bad that if I walked a block I would cough frightfully and spit blood, but, when all other medicines failed, three bottles of Dr. King’s New Discovery wholly cured me and I gained 58 pounds.” It’s absolutely guaranteed to cure Coughs, Colds, La Grippe, Bronchitis and all Throat and Lung Troubles. Price 50c and $1. Trial bottles free at L. Zeckendorf & Co., wholesale and Geo. Martin’s, retail.
EFFECTIVE AT ONCE—The Illinois Central railroad will put in a new fast schedule on their Omaha and Chicago line, whereby train No. 2 will be cut down one hour. It will leave Omaha at 7:45 p. m. daily via Fort Dodge, Waterloo, Dubuque, Freeport and Keokuk, arriving in Chicago at 9:30 a. m. the next day. Train No. 4 will be made a daylight train leaving Omaha at 7 a. m. via the same route as above, reaching Chicago at 9:45 p. m. the same day. These two trains also carry through equipment between Omaha and St. Paul via Fort Dodge and Albert Lea, reaching Minneapolis at 7:25 a. m. and 11:55 p. m. respectively. The equipment of these trains includes the latest pattern wide vestibule Pullman sleeping car, buffet library smoking car, free reclining chair car and dining car.

Some inquiry was made during the recent campaign in New York and elsewhere as to what had become of the campaign songs. Neither the Republicans nor the Democrats went to the trouble of employing a professional poet, says the Sun. It was evident that campaign poetry was on the wane, and unless there is a revival next year in the presidential campaign political song writing will become almost a lost art.
One reason which may, in part, at least, account for this is the fact that during former political campaigns the most popular songs which were altered or parodied to suit party requirements were usually of a sentimental or pathetic character, whereas the songs now most popular and most generally familiar are negro songs of a jocose character, which give little opportunity for effective political changes.
Campaign songs in presidential elections have come to be regarded as almost as essential as campaign speeches, and ordinarily the national committees of the rival parties have special departments for the employment, compensation and disposal of glee clubs and singing quartettes. This is especially true of the Republicans, who have in all recent national elections utilized, especially in the west, this feature of modern campaigning. The importance of such songs, however, has been eclipsed by the greater popularity, as a symbol of political allegiance, of campaign badges and buttons, the use of which has become so general, and the expense of which has been so much reduced that the song writers’ occupation is nearly gone.
The Stellar Lullaby.
In The Knowledge for November, Dr. Roberts gives a photograph of a new nebula, in the midst of which a dark sinuous vacancy, or rift, appears, “through which we can see into the starless vacancy of space beyond.”
Some of those who argue that space is finite hold that if it were infinite the infinitely distant stars in their aggregation would cover the face of the sky with light. This, however, assumes that stars are equally distributed throughout space, and such an assumption is contrary to all observable phenomena. Nothing warrants the idea that the infinity of space involves the assumption of its occupation by an infinite number of suns symmetrically arranged throughout it.
WOODLAWN MAPLE SYRUP, imported direct from the maple groves of Canada. Every can is sold with a guarantee. Money refunded if it does not give satisfaction. Sold by all the Tucson grocers. Long Syrup Refining Co., San Francisco.
Drying preparations simply develop dry catarrh; they dry up the secretions, which adhere to the membrane and decompose, causing a far more serious trouble than the ordinary form of catarrh. Avoid all drying inhalants, fumes, smokes and snuffs and use that which cleanses, soothes and heals. Ely’s Cream Balm is such a remedy and will cure catarrh or cold in the head easily and pleasantly. A trial box will be mailed for 10 cents. All druggists sell the 60c. size. Ely Brothers, 41 Warren St., N.Y.
The Balm cures without pain, does not irritate or cause sneezing. It spreads itself over an irritated and angry surface, relieving immediately the painful inflammation. With Ely’s Cream Balm you are armed against Nasal Catarrh and Hay Fever.

ARIZONA DAILY CITIZEN TUCSON, WEDNESDAY EVENING, MARCH 6, 1901

DAILY CITIZEN
Republican Paper, A devoted to the Interest of Pima County and the Territory of Arizona. We also do fine Commercial Printing and want your orders. Six cents per copy.
The next time YOU need anything in this line RING UP Phone No. 171

RIPENS TABLETS
Doctors find A Good Prescription for mankind. For five cents. Druggists, Grocers, Restaurants, Saloons, News-Stands, General Stores and Barbarians.
DESERT LAND, FINAL PROOF NOTICE for Publication.
United States Land Office, Tucson, Arizona, Feb. 15, 1901.
Notice is hereby given that Julia A. Knapp, of Tucson, Arizona, has filed notice of intention to make proof on her desert land claim No. 2KSM, for the N. ½ N. E. ¼, Sec. 24, T.16-S., R. 15-E., (S. & I. M.,) before the register and receiver at Tucson, Arizona, on Friday, the 12th day of April, 1901.
Names the following witnesses to prove the complete irrigation and reclamation of said land: Edmond I. Wetmore, Benjamin Kennedy, Henry M. Meike, and Farrand O. Benedict, all of Tucson, Arizona.
Milton R. Moore,
Register.
First pub. Feb. 10th, last March 23, 1901.
Notice of Time Appointed for Proving Will, Etc.
In the Probate Court of the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona.
In the matter of the estate of Newton J. Babcock, deceased.
Pursuant to an order of said Probate Court made on the 27th day of February, 1901, notice is hereby given, that Tuesday, the 19th day of March, 1901, at 10 o’clock a. m., of said day, at the court room of said court, at the county courthouse, in the City of Tucson, County of Pima, has been appointed as the time and place for proving the will of said Newton J. Babcock, deceased, and for hearing the application of Mrs. Shelley for the issuance to her of letters testamentary when and where any person interested may appear and contest the same.
Dated February 27th, 1901. S. M. Purcell,
Ex-Officio Clerk.
1st pub. Feb. 28th, last March 11, 1901.
TEA GARDEN DRIPS—Its a sugar syrup of highest quality. Once used always wanted—deliciously sweet—makes taffy candy to perfection. Manufactured by Pacific Coast Syrup Co., 707-719 Sansome St., San Francisco.
FOR RENT—One nicely furnished front room in good location. Only healthy people need apply. Address The Citizen.

The Best Cooks in the Country recognize the superiority of
A & PERRINS’
THE ORIGINAL
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE
No Dames, Steaks, Roasts, Soups, and every variety of rude dishes.
& PERRINS Stiff Sauce is most invaluable.
JONES DUNCAN’S SONS, Agents, New York, Tucson and Mammoth Stage Line
By the way of Oracle. $3
Regular stage every day except Sunday. Private team $10.00 and $15.00 return, (drivers furnished.) All persons wishing to arrive in banking hours will please notify our agents the evening before.
Wm. Neal, Proprietor.

Notice for Publication.
Homestead entry No. 2138, Department of the Interior Land Office at Tucson, Arizona, Feb. 16, 1901.
Notice is hereby given that the following named settler has filed notice of his intention to make final proof in support of his claim, and that said proof will be made before the register and receiver at Tucson, Arizona, on Wednesday, March 27, 1901, viz: James J. Harris of Tucson, Arizona, for the S. W. ¼, S. E. ¼, Sec. 27, T. 14-S., R. 15-E., (G. & S. R. R. B. and M.), and N. W. ¼, N. E. ¼, Sec. 35, T. 13-S., R. 15-E., (G. & S. R. R. B. and M.).
He names the following witnesses to prove his continuous residence upon and cultivation of said land viz: Frank M. Alpson, Warren Allison, Antonio V. Brosetta and Grant Witter, all of Tucson, Arizona.
Milton R. Moore,
Register.
First pub. Feb. 18, last March 16, 1901.
Notice of Sale of Real Estate.
In the Probate Court of the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona.
In the matter of the estate and guardianship of William M. Rowland, a minor.
Notice is hereby given that in pursuance of an order of the Probate Court of the County of Pima, Territory of Arizona, made on the 8th day of February, 1901, in the matter of the estate and guardianship of William M. Rowland, a minor, the undersigned, the guardian of the estate of said minor, will sell at public auction to the highest bidder for cash and subject to confirmation by said Probate Court, on Thursday, the 14th day of March, 1901, at ten o’clock a. m. at the front door of the courthouse in the city of Tucson, Pima County, Arizona, all the right, title, interest and estate of said minor in and to those certain lots, pieces or parcels of land situate, lying and being in the said City of Tucson, Pima County, Territory of Arizona, and more particularly described as follows, to-wit:
An undivided one-third interest in parts of lots 2, 3, and 6, in Block No. 73 in said City of Tucson, and known as subdivision No. 13 of said Block 73, as per map made by George J. Koskruge, Esq.
Terms and conditions of sale: Cash, one-half of the purchase money to be paid by the purchaser on the day of sale, balance on confirmation of sale by said Probate Court. Deed at expense of purchaser.
W. W. WILLIAMS,
Guardian of the estate of the above-named minor.
Dated Tucson, Arizona, February 16, 1901.
1st pub. Feb. 16, last Mar. 13.

LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
Articles of Incorporation of Beaumont and Los Angeles Oil and Development Company.
Know all men by these presents: That we, the undersigned, J. B. Treadwell, C. L. Hanson, L. J. Barber, J. J. Lockwood and C. A. Benway, have this day associated ourselves together for the purpose of forming a corporation under the laws of the Territory of Arizona, and we do hereby certify:
I.
That the name of this corporation shall be Beaumont and Los Angeles Oil and Development Company.
II.
That the purpose and general nature of the business to be transacted for which said corporation is formed, are:
To buy and otherwise acquire, to hold and own, manage, operate, improve and develop lands, mining claims, mineral rights, oil wells, and other real estate, and interests and rights in any of said properties.
To engage in and carry on the business of boring, drilling, quarrying, tunneling and exploring for, producing, refining, distilling, treating, manufacturing, piping, carrying, handling, storing, dealing in, buying and selling oil, petroleum, natural gas, asphaltum, bitumen, bituminous rock, and other mineral and hydrocarbon substances, and products of all such substances, gold, silver, copper, quicksilver, gypsum, stone and any and all other metals, minerals and products; and for such other purposes to buy and otherwise acquire, hold, own, manage, and operate refineries, pipelines, tanks, manufactories, machinery, wharves, tank cars, and steam and sailing vessels, for water transportation, and other works, property and appliances that may be incident or auxiliary to said business or that may be deemed necessary or convenient by the board of directors.
Also to take and acquire by purchase, exchange or other lawful modes, and to hold, own, sell and otherwise dispose of the capital stock and bonds of other corporations.
To buy, own, hold, sell, encumber, convey, work, operate, and deal in mines and mining lands and claims and the products of mines, and water rights and systems and any and all kinds for any and all purposes; to buy, own, hold, sell, encumber, convey and deal in stocks, bonds, real estate and personal property.
To borrow and loan money upon security and otherwise for the purposes of the corporation; to issue evidences of indebtedness payable in money or property; to construct, own, and operate pipelines and other means of transportation, mining, manufacturing and other plants, and other buildings, works and improvements; to act as agent, broker, contractor or trustee in respect to the foregoing purposes.
Also to establish and carry on agencies, offices, storage, storage tanks and houses, and to sell articles and products manufactured by itself or other persons or corporations, in California, Arizona, Texas, and other states and territories of the United States of America and in foreign countries.
III.
That the principal place of business of said corporation shall be Tucson, Pima County, Territory of Arizona, and the places outside of said territory where it may keep branch offices and transact its business and conduct its affairs thereat shall be at Los Angeles, in the state of California, and at Beaumont, Texas.
IV.
That the time of the commencement of said corporation is the 6th day of February, 1901, and the time of its termination is the 6th day of February, 2001.
V.
That the amount of the capital stock authorized is two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) and the number of shares into which it is divided is two hundred and fifty thousand (250,000) shares of the par value of one dollar ($1) each.
VI.
That the affairs of said corporation shall be conducted by a board of five directors who shall be elected on the second Tuesday of June of each year.
VII.
That the highest amount of indebtedness or liability to which said corporation shall at any time subject itself, is one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000).
VIII.
That the private property of all stockholders in said corporation shall be exempt from all debts of said corporation.
IX.
That the following persons shall constitute the board of directors of said corporation and serve for the period of one year or until their successors are duly elected and qualified, to-wit:
J. B. Treadwell, C. L. Hanson, L. J. Barber, J. J. Lockwood and C. A. Benway.
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our hands and seals this sixth day of February, 1901.
J. B. Treadwell, Seal.
C. L. Hanson, Seal.
L. J. Barber, Seal.
J. J. Lockwood, Seal.
C. A. Benway, Seal.
Ten-cent revenue stamp cancelled.
State of California.
County of Los Angeles.
On this 6th day of February, in the year of our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and one, before me, Calvert Wilson, a notary public in and for said county of Los Angeles, state of California, residing therein, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared J. B. Treadwell, C. L. Hanson, L. J. Barber, J. J. Lockwood and C. A. Benway, known to me to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged to me that they executed the same for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and year in this certificate first above written.
(Seal) CALVERT WILSON,
Notary public in and for said County of Los Angeles, State of California.
My commission expires July 25, 1904.
Ten-cent revenue stamp cancelled.
1st pub. Feb. 28th; last pub. March 6th, 1901.

Notice of Sale of Real Estate
Under decree and order of district court.
By virtue of a decree and order of sale issued out of the district court of the first judicial district of the Territory of Arizona, in and for the county of Pima, duly attested by the clerk of said court, under the seal of said court, on the 7th day of February, 1901, and to me delivered on the day last aforesaid, in a certain action lately pending in said court, wherein on the 26th day of November, 1900, J. Knox Corbett, plaintiff, therein recovered judgment against Frank J. Landon and Emma Landon, defendants therein, for the sum of three hundred and forty-two and 33/100 ($342.33) dollars and $122.85 costs. And wherein and whereby it was adjudged and decreed by said court that the lien claimed and set forth by said plaintiff in his complaint in said action upon the premises therein described be foreclosed, and it was further ordered, adjudged and decreed therein by said court that all of said property and premises be seized and sold by the sheriff of said Pima county, as under execution in satisfaction of said judgment, I have levied upon all of the property described in said decree and order of sale, to-wit: All that certain lot, piece or parcel of land situated, lying and being in the city of Tucson, county of Pima and Territory of Arizona, and bounded and described as follows: Commencing at a point 150 feet northerly of the southeast corner of block 87, on the east line of said block, and running thence westerly at right angles 92 feet; thence northerly at right angles 96 feet; thence easterly at right angles 92 feet; thence southerly at right angles 96 feet to the place of beginning, and being part of lots 5 and 8 in said block 87, according to the official survey and map of the city of Tucson, made by B. W. Foreman and approved by the mayor and common council of the village now city of Tucson June 22, 1872.
And notice is hereby given that on Saturday, the ninth day of March, 1901, at 11 o’clock in the forenoon, I will sell at public auction for cash in lawful money of the United States, to the highest and best bidder, at the courthouse door of Pima county, in the city of Tucson, all of the right, title and interest of the said Frank J. Landon and Emma Landon have, and which they and each of them had in and to the above-described property on the 21st day of February, 1899, and have had since said last-named day, to satisfy said judgment, and accruing costs.
FRANK E. MURPHY,
Sheriff of Pima county,
E. DRACHMAN,
Under Sheriff.
Tucson, Arizona, February 9th, 1901.
First pub. Feb. 11, 1901, last pub. March 8, 1901.
Office Chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.
Feb. 25, 1901. Sealed proposals in triplicate will be received here until 11 a. m. March 27, 1901, for transportation of military supplies, routes Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8, and for forage at Denver, Colo., during the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1901. U. S. reserves the right to accept or reject any or all proposals. Information furnished on application. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked: "Proposals for Transportation on Route No.—,” addressed J. W. Pope, Chief Q. M. Provisior for cavalry supplies, office chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo. March 27, 1901.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received here until 11 a. m., March 12, 1901, for furnishing cavalry horses as follows: At Ft. Grant, Ariz., 83 horses; at Ft. Huachuca, Ariz., 15 horses; at Ft. Wingate, N. M., 15 horses. Bids will be entertained for delivery at prominent railroad points other than at posts named. Horses to be in accordance with specifications in circular of Instructions to bidders which will be furnished, together with blank proposals, on application to this office. It reserves the right to accept or reject any or all proposals or any part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals should be marked "Proposals for cavalry horses," addressed Major J. W. Pope, Chief Q. M. Provision for cavalry supplies, office chief Quartermaster, Denver, Colo.
DEAFNESS CURED, or no pay. C. L. O. Rowan, Milwaukee, Wis.

Southern Pacific Co.
Sunset
Route
This is the most popular route. Runs a daily train from all points North, East, West, causing close connections at New Orleans for St. Louis, Chicago, Cincinnati, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, New York and all principal points.
Elegant Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars on all trains through to New Orleans.
Passengers taking this route will have only one change of cars at New Orleans in daylight, for all points North and East, avoid the tedious lay-overs at El Paso and Texas and saving over four to ten hours in time.
See that your ticket reads via the Southern Pacific Company and New Orleans. For further information, time-tables and through Pullman reservation, call on or address,
C. M. Burkhalter, T. E. Hunt, F. S. B. Morse
Agent, Tucson, Com’l Agent, Gen’l P. & T. Agent,
Arizona. El Paso, Texas. New Orleans, La.
M. O. Becknell, Traveling Passenger Agent, El Paso.
IMPORTANT GATEWAYS
THROUGH FAST AND FREIGHT
PACIFIC
AND PASSENGER SERVICE
The direct through line from Arizona and New Mexico to all points in the north, east and southeast. Low altitude. Perfect passenger service. Through cars. No lay-overs. Latest pattern, Pullman Buffet Sleepers, Handsome New Chair Cars. Seats Free. Speed, safety, comfort combined. For particulars address
B. F. DARBYSHIRE, S. W. F. & P. A. R. W. CURTIS, T. F. & P. A.
El Paso, Texas. El Paso, Texas.
E. P. TURNER, O. P. & T. A, Dallas, Texas.
“No room to answer correspondence.”
OTHER MAN OF THE HOUR
A Magnificent Portrait of
President McKinley
Reproduced in Tea-Ceramic Treat
a Late Photograph, for which
the President specially sat at
the request of the Photographers.
(Size 14 x 21 Inches)
will be published by us shortly. It is now being printed for us on heavy plate paper, in a form suitable for framing, by one of the largest art lithograph houses in America, in the famous French style of color-plate work. Every American family will want one of these handsome pictures of the President. It must be remembered that this picture will be in no sense a cheap chromo, but will be an example of the very highest style of illuminated printing. It will be an ornament to any library or drawing-room. Our readers can have the McKinley portrait at what it costs us (namely, ten cents per copy) by merely filling out the coupon below, and sending it to this office at once. There will be such a demand for the portrait when it is published that we advise sending orders in advance. As many copies as may be desired can be had on one coupon, providing ten cents is sent for each copy.
Write name and address plainly, and remit in coin or postage stamps.
To THE ARIZONA DAILY CITIZEN,
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
For the enclosed remittance of cents send me copies of President McKinley's Portrait in colors, as described in today's paper.
Address ......

The Consolidated National Bank,
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
Capital $60,000 Surplus and Profits $15,000
DEPOSITS HALF A MILLION.
OFFICERS:
M. P. FREEMAN, President. W. C. DAVIS, Vice President.
H. B. TENNEY, Cashier. E. W. GRAVES, Asst. Cashier.

The Arizona National Bank
OF TUCSON,
B. M. Jacobs, President.
Capital $100,000.00 Fred Fisherman, Vice-President.
Surplus $8,000.00 L. M. Jacobs, Cashier.
J. M. Ohmstede, Asst. Cashier.
A General Banking Business Transacted.
You Can’t Beat
the use of trying to climb above the top?
Smokers of our prime candidates for incineration know all about the goods we offer. What they were yesterday they are today and will be tomorrow. We set the standard high and stick to it. We never
Cor. Stone Ave. and Congress St.