THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: PHCENIX, ARIZONA, SEPTEMBER 20,
7

CHARLES B. BOOTHE & CO.
MINING and MILLING MACHINERY
RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.

NEWS AND
DEMANDS OF ELECTRICITY.
It Creates
an Encouragement
for Copper.
The copper situation is still the most
interesting topic to the majority of our
citizens, says the Tucson Citizen. This
is because copper ore predominates as
a metal throughout southern Arizona
and the market holds strong. Great
developments in this region are looked
for in the near future. Statistics show
that there is an actual scarcity of cop
per everywhere now, and the present average
production of copper in the United
States is only 22,000 tons a month.
The latest estimate is that there is
practically no free copper in the Unit
ed States and orders are ahead. On
this point the Mining Review (Los An
geles, Cal.) correctly observes that the
cities of Europe have as yet made but
little progress in the use of electricity
as a transmitting power and in the
construction of electric railroads.
When the capitalists of Europe awaken
to a consciousness of the fact that
electricity as a power is not only the
best, but the cheapest that can be em
ployed, there will be a demand for
copper greatly in excess of the present
demand. In fact looking ahead, it is
not easy to figure out how such an in-
creased demand could be met at short
notice. In Paris, France, they have
only begun to consider the advisability
of changing their city railways to the
electric system, but when once they
have made a start in that direction
there is little doubt but that an entire
change will result, thereby creating a
large increased demand for copper in
that one city alone.
The New York Engineering and Min
ing Journal sizes up the situation
equally encouraging for the owners of
copper properties, as follows:
"We have been accustomed to consid
er the United States as the leader in
the applications of electricity to prac
tical work; and this has been especial
ly the case in transportation. The con
struction of electric railroads in towns
and cities, and more recently for sub
urban and other long-distance traffic,
has been carried out on a greater scale
than in any other country. Recently,
however, Germany has taken up the
building of electric railroads on an ex
tensive scale, and the use of the elec
tric motor on what are called in Eu
rope 'secondary railroads'—that is,
railroads for local traffic—promises to
be adopted on a more extensive scale
than even in this country. The num
ber of projected lines is large, and a
fair proportion of them are so far ad
vanced that contracts have been let, or
are to be let soon, while some lines of
importance are in operation or nearly
to start. In Switzerland also the work
of building mountain and other roads
with electricity for motive power is go
ing on actively. In Great Britain elec
tric railroad work is fairly active,
though less so than in Germany.
Naturally all this electric work has
an influence on the demand for cop
per, though this will be more apparent
next year than it is at present. Many
of the recent German contracts will
not be filled until some time in 1900, or
even the next year, so that there will
be time enough to secure the necessary
supplies.

GEOLOGY AND MINING.
Knowledge of the Former a Great As
sistance to the Prospector.
Geology and mineralogy are the sci
entific departments of the mining in
dustry and cannot be overestimated in
their value to those connected with its
diverse branches. To the prospector
and miner a knowledge of the rock
formations of a district is the unfail
ing guide to him as to what class of
minerals he may expect to find in com
mercial quantity. The same remark
applies to the driller for oil and water.
As certain minerals are known to oc
cur in paying quantities in certain
classes of rock or associated with
them, so it is that an acquaintance
with the rocks of a locality are the key
to what he may expect to find. The
days are past and gone when ignorance
of the relation which geology has to
mining can be excused by stating that
such a part of the country was made
last on the Saturday night of creation
and that all the material left over was
dumped into that part, and consequent
ly the geology got mixed. The more
one knows of the rock formation of a
country and of what has been found in
other sections in similar rocks, the
knowledge acquired will be the means
of saving much valuable time and
money. We may chance to find a val
uable mineral when not looking for it,
but minerals do not occur by chance;
they are found in larger amount where
the association or presence of certain
rocks made it possible for their deposi
tion to take place. The larger the ex
perience and the more extensive the
data one has made of the occurrence
of mineral deposits and their adjoining
rocks, so in proportion can a possible
forecast be made of the future of a
new discovery. Mining geology is only
in its infancy, but when labor and
study have worked out the as yet un
written laws governing the sequence of
mineral zones found in different parts
of the world which follow the same or
der of placement or occurrence, then
the formation in which a vein occurs
will be the best guide to the value of
the discovery.

MAMMOTH DISTRICT.
A Rich Mining District in Pinal
County.
The Mammoth mine at Schultz, Pi
nal county, has attained a depth of 750
feet, where a large volume of water
was encountered, says the Globe Silver
Belt. At this depth the ore body is
said to be eighty feet in width, carry
ing higher values than realized here
tofore. It is believed by mining men
that after the water level shall have
been passed richer ore will be encount
ered, in which event the stability of
the mine will be assured, the conten
tion of experts being based upon ob
servations made in numerous other
deep workings that ore bodies prove
their permanence when found below
the water level. Be that as it may, the
Mammoth company shows confidence
in the future of the property, having
perfected arrangements for an addi
tional twenty stamps which will be in
place within the next sixty days, mak
ing seventy stamps in all and materi
ally increasing the output of the mine.
The ore bodies blocked out and in re
serve are said to be sufficient to keep
these seventy stamps pounding away
night and day for two years. Other
improvements are contemplated which
will decrease the cost of operation, the
one of greatest moment and magnitude
being the harnessing up of the waters
of Aravaipa canyon, twenty miles dis
tant, which it is purposed shall fur
nish electric power for the operation
of the machinery, the scarcity of fuel
in that vicinity necessitating a change
as to motive power, wood commanding
$14 per cord and scarce at that price.
The tailings from the Mammoth mill,
an accumulation of a number of
years, are being treated by the cya
nide process by the St. Louis Gold Re
fining company, thirty men being em
ployed in that branch of industry, and
it is estimated that it will require two
years to treat the accumulation of tail
ings up to date. Tailings accumulating
now and in future have been secured
by Hiram Blaisdell of Yuma, and
for thirty-five cyanide tanks have re
cently been erected and will be in op
eration in a few days. The country
around Mammoth is an inviting min
eral field; numerous promising pros
pects are being developed, each blast
revealing high grade gold ore, inspir
ing the weary prospector with the be
lief, and filling his heart with the hope
that he is uncovering a second Mam
moth mine. Tom Davis, Dr. Smith,
Harry Turner, and numerous others
have an abiding faith in the mines of
that section and back their judgment
by unstinted development.

MINING NOTES.
In the Gun Creek district, Tonto
Basin, F. M. Cooper and son are push
ing the 500-foot tunnel on the Trego
mine. In the same district Robert
Shull, Sr., is getting out good ore from
his mine. Recently a rich strike was
made on this claim. The indications
are that a large camp will be located
somewhere in this district before many
months. Globe Times.
Charles Fickenback is employing
men at Harqua Hala preparatory to
working the mines at that place, which
were recently repurchased by Hon. A.
G. Hubbard. Yuma Sentinel.
Frank Avila has resigned his posi
tion as deputy recorder and will hence
forth devote his time to the superin
tendency of the Colorado mine. The
Colorado mine is owned jointly by
Messrs. Avila and Modesti and is one
of the most promising claims in the
territory. Yuma Sentinel.
Roland Pitcher was in town this
week from the Copper Mountain dis
trict where he is engaged in mining,
says the Yuma Sentinel. Mr. Pitcher
was until lately bookkeeper in E. F.
Sanguinetti's establishment, but now
has no resemblance to the dapper
bookkeeper who flourished a few weeks
ago. He looks the tanned, sunburned,
honest miner.
T. M. Drennen, secretary of the
Parker Indian agency, returned Wed
nesday from Chicago where he has
been purchasing machinery with which to
work his mines on the Colorado near
the agency. Mr. Drennen is looking
as fresh and handsome as a rose after
his vacation. Yuma Sentinel.
John Lynch and wife were in King
man Monday last. Mr. Lynch reports
that the boiler and machinery on the
C. O. D. mines are almost ready to be
gin work. Mohave Miner.
Thomas Tyrrell this week brought in
two sacks of ore from his Wallapai
Mountain claim which he disposed of
for $300. Mohave Miner.
Charles E. Sherman this week sold
to the Arizona Sampling Works two
tons of ore from the Katie mine, Min
eral Park. The ore was very rich in
native silver. Mr. Sherman has open
ed out a splendid body of this rich
grade of ore on the lower level of the
mine and has returned to work on it.
Mohave Miner.