THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: FRIDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 12, 1902.  

Jim Dumps and family went one day  
To camp in woodlands far away.  
In former camping days a pack  
Of food had burdened poor Jim’s back.  
No heavy foods now weigh on him;  
’Tis “Force” that camps with “Sunny Jim.”  

“Force”  
The Ready-to-Serve Cereal  

Sweet, crisp flakes of wheat  
—the essence of nature’s  
best life-builders.  

Carries It Along With Her.  
“I think ‘Force’ the best breakfast food ever put on the market. I  
intend to take plenty to the country and let the young people have  
three times a day. (furnished on application.)”  

Mines and Minerals  
of Arizona  

JEROME’S FUTURE  

Senator Clark Will Build Another  
Smelter—Other Good News.  

Seemingly Jerome does not intend to  
drop entirely into a state of innocuous  
desuetude, even if the great United  
Verde smelter has closed down. The  
Jerome News this week has a number  
of good mining items, among them the  
announcement that a new smelter will  
soon be built in that district.  

It says: We have it from a reliable  
source that Senator Clark and his as  
sociates in the Equator Mining and  
Smelting company will at once com­  
mence the erection of a smelter on  
their property on Equator Hill, that  
the site is now being surveyed, and  
the machinery will be on the ground as  
soon as practicable. This will be good  
news to Jerome and the surrounding  
country. It means that there will be  
a great deal of money turned loose not  
only through the building of the smel­  
ter, but through the transportation of  
smelting material to Equator Hill and  
the hauling of the product to the rail­  
road at Jerome. It will, of course, be  
some months before the Equator  
smelter will be in operation, and the  
chances are that the United Verde  
works may be started up at about the  
same time, and then look out for the  
“rise of Jerome” again. The building  
of this smelter, which will be on the  
great Jerome copper belt about four  
miles south of the town of Jerome, is  
positive evidence that all the ore in the  
district is not confined within the bor­  
ders of the United Verde group, and  
that proper development work may  
open up many good mines along the  
hills south of this camp.  

Thursday morning one furnace at the  
works of the United Verde Copper  
company was started up. Unfortunate­  
ly the starting was simply for the  
purpose of smelting the ore in the bins,  
to empty them so that they may be re­  
paired. The smoke coming from the  
large stack created a happy feeling  
among the many campers at Packard’s  
Sycamore Canyon ranch and elsewhere  
along the Verde river, and also among  
the ranchmen in the Verde valleys.  
This will give a number of men work  
for eight or ten days and assist them  
to tide over the several months of idle­  
ness which is sure to follow.  

The county records show that the  
Equator Mining and Smelting company  
has deeded to the Copper Chief Mining  
company a part of West Champion No.  
2 mine in the Verde district. The E.  
M. and S. company is the Senator  
Clark company with properties on  
Equator Hill.  

The Hon. G. W. Hull has concluded  
to continue work on his mammoth tun­  
nel which he is running from Walnut  
gulch to tap his properties on the west  
line of the United Verde properties. He  
will let a contract for from one to two  
hundred feet of work, to be done by  
hand, but will install the power plant  
just as soon as there are no more  
chances for another flood this fall.  

Workmen are removing the debris  
washed onto the United Verde property  
during the late heavy rains.  

Miners from the Black Hills mine re­  
port that work on that property is  
progressing very rapidly and with sat­  
isfactory results to the company. They  
are sinking and drifting. The working  
force, say the miners, will be doubled  
within the next few days. The thor­  
ough development work being done by  
the Thomas brothers on both the Black  
Hills and Mingus Mountain properties  
is sure to bring good returns before  
long to the stockholders of both com­  
panies.  

Superintendent Bartholdi of the  
Verde Chief Copper company informs  
the News that his company is making  
preparations to do some extensive  
crosscutting on its property, from  
which they hope good results. This  
property is located in the Black Canyon  
and has the advantage of carrying  
high grade gold ores.  

The Eureka Gold and Copper Min­  
ing company, whose property lies  
southeast of the Mingus Mountain  
groups, continues to develop a prom­  
ising lode which gives high values in  
gold. This is reported as a very prom­  
ising group.  

MORE TIN IN ALASKA.  

Advices from Seattle, Wash., are:  
The first press message to the outside  
world by wire from Valdez, Alaska,  
has been received, the telegraph line  
just having been completed. This dis­  
patch reports that Robert Bleil, the ex­  
pert sent into the Nizina river district  
by Captain De La Mar, has just  
reached Valdez and reports that the  
Nizina district has the greatest mines  
in Alaska. The richness of the coun­  
try, Mr. Bleil says, insures the building  
of a railroad at the earliest possible  
season. Mountains of tin have been  
found near Mount Wrangell, 150 miles  
distant. Los Angeles Mining Review.  

TESTS OF ELMORE PROCESS.  

There has been received at the Uni­  
versity of California a complete outfit  
for making working tests of ores by  
the Elmore oil process of concentration.  
It was secured by Professor Samuel  
B. Christy of the university, when he  
was in England last summer. It is  
stated that Professor Christy will make  
a thorough investigation of the process  
so as to determine its adaptability to  
ores of the Pacific coast, also the fit­  
ness of California petroleum for the  
process. Los Angeles Mining Review.  

WINSLOW’S OIL FIELD.  

Expert E. L. Taylor Has Gone to  
Los Angeles After Machinery.  

Oil lands of the best formation and  
most favorable prospects have been  
discovered on Tucker’s ranch, within  
ten miles of Winslow, and every resi­  
dent is in high anticipation that with­  
in a few months oil will be flowing in  
abundance, says the Winslow Mail.  

For the past six weeks E. L. Taylor,  
an oil expert from California, has been  
making a thorough examination of the  
ground in the vicinity of Tucker’s  
ranch and has covered it with location  
notices for the company which he rep­  
resents and also the leading merchants,  
railroad men and citizens of Winslow  
who have become interested in his la­  
bors. He has now completed his pre­  
liminary work, the location notices  
have been filed and Thursday morning  
Mr. Taylor left for Los Angeles to  
make immediate arrangements for  
shipping machinery here to begin oper­  
ations. He expects to return about  
September 20 and will commence bor­  
ing for oil as soon as the machinery  
arrives and is set in place.  

[Remaining text continues unchanged but OCR errors corrected similarly.]