THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN:  
SATURDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1899.  

CHARLES B.  

JOINING and MILLING MACHINERY  

RAILWAY SUPPLIES.  
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.  

Mines and Mining  

GOLD MINING IN ALASKA:  
Suggestions for the Protection of  
American Interests.  
In a report on gold mining in Alas  
ka the United States consul at Dawson  
City, Klondyke, writes the state de­  
partment, Washington:  
"It is surmised that Alaska will ex­  
ceed the Canadian Yukon, in gold out­  
put in a few years, if properly devel­  
oped. It covers more gold bearing  
territory and the gold so far discovered  
is evenly distributed, not being in  
pockets, as is the case on many creeks  
in the Klondyke district, where one  
claim may be rich and the adjoining  
one worthless.  
"The miners in United States terri­  
tory have different regulations for  
each district; for instance, on Ameri­  
can creek the miner is allowed a 1,320-foot  
claim as per United States stat­  
utes; while on Wolf creek, adjacent,  
the miner is allowed only a 500-foot  
claim; on Jack Wade creek, 1,000 feet  
is the length allowed.  
"Staking by illegal powers of attor­  
ney is practiced. The recorder, in or­  
der to get his fee of $2.50, records for  
any one making a statement. On Jack  
Wade creek, many claims were staked  
by parties who were sent from Dawson  
with illegal powers of attorney. The  
miners held a meeting and declared  
that the staking by powers of attorney  
not properly authenticated before a  
notary public or recognized official  
was illegal. They afterward declared  
the size of claims to be 1,320 feet, in­  
stead of 1,000 feet, as first determined.  
At still another meeting it was put on  
record that the powers of attorney  
previously declared illegal were there­  
after to be considered legal.  
"It would be well if all the districts  
in Alaska could be governed by a uni­  
form law, as local regulations often  
change the size of claims, etc. These  
conditions permit a miner to locate  
and record a claim on all the creeks,  
which would appear to operate against  
the welfare of the country. As it is  
now, if the owner of a claim is called  
away to visit his home in the United  
States, his claim may be divided dur­  
ing his absence by a miners' meeting.  
"With a United States land office at  
Circle City and one at Eagle City to  
cover the territory from Fort Yukon to  
the Canadian frontier, and another in  
the Koyuk district, conditions would  
be improved."  

MINING TRANSFERS.  
Two Big Deals Consummated in Tuc­  
son Yesterday.  
Colonel J. B. Breathitt has closed a  
deal with the El Paso Mining com­  
pany, says the Tucson Star, whereby  
they secure four gold and five copper  
claims in the River district 19.0 miles  
west of Tucson and south of Gila Bend,  
the properties lying in Pima county.  
The sale was made for account of Jo­  
seph Bryant and Mrs. Frank Proctor.  
About $25,000 figures in the deal, part  
payment being made. Considerable  
work has been done on the properties  
and the company will push develop­  
ment. Colonel Breathitt has other  
claims in line of disposal. He is now  
giving more attention to the mining  
business.  
The Casey group of four gold claims  
in the Dos Cabezas mining district  
have changed hands. Yesterday John  
Casey, who represented his brother in  
the field, closed with Mr. R. B. Shel­  
don of Riverside, Cal., and deeds in  
escrow were placed in the Consolidated  
National Bank. It being understood  
that $60,000 is to be paid the Casey  
brothers for the properties on which  
300 feet depth has been reached and  
fully 2,000 feet of ground opened up.  
Frank Mott, the mining engineer, who  
came over with Messrs. Sheldon and  
Casey to wind up the transaction, has  
examined the workings thoroughly.  
The two Riverside gentlemen have  
only been in conference with the Cas­  
ey’s on the subject about ten days.  
They, as are all others familiar with  
the Casey properties, are satisfied that  
the gold vein is permanent,  
but there is good money in the pur­  
chase for the buyers. It is possible all  
the money will be paid by March next,  
a part payment being made yesterday.  

MINING NOTES.  

S. H. Benson and Charles Stelzreide  
came in from the placer fields yester­  
day. They expect to be able to deter­  
mine in about ten days whether the  
diggings will be profitable or not.  
Range News.  
The copper mines of Pima county  
are now making a daily output of more  
than twenty tons of metal product,  
says the Tucson Star. This means  
more than five thousand dollars daily  
or three hundred thousand monthly.  
This is not a bad showing when it is  
considered there was not one pound of  
copper produced in Pima county ten  
months ago. We predict that ten  
months hence the product will be treb­  
led. This is but one pointer of the  
direction Pima is slowly but surely  
wending her way. Yes, old Pima is all  
right, and it is because her people are  
all right.  
Ben Hanks,  
proprietor of the stage  
line to Payson, will begin a daily line  
from next Monday. Mr. Hanks says  
the upper country is booming in the  
mining line. Every stage that goes  
out carries goods for some of the  
camps. Globe Times.  

While mountain country last week,  
says the Globe Times. Mr. Cook is a  
handsome young man, who has been a  
practical recluse in the Apache coun­  
try for years. He has some fine min­  
ing properties about thirty-five miles  
northeast of Clifton. Hon. George W.  
P. Hunt is interested in developing  
these mines. Big things may be heard  
from that district soon.  
Arizona will be represented at the  
American Institute of Mining Engin­  
eers in San Francisco on September  
25 by Prof. W. P. Blake and Thee. B.  
Comstock. These gentlemen are capa­  
ble and well posted on the mineral  
sections of the territory and can do as  
much good. No doubt other mining  
men from this territory will be there  
to assist. Globe Times.  

Mr. Falk is in from the Silver Belt  
neighborhood with several tons of rich  
ore from his properties. The ore is  
said to run between 1,400 and 1,700  
ounces silver per ton. Prescott Cour­  
ier.  
Frank A. Davis has sold his interest  
in the Great Western and Warship  
mining claims on Copper Mountain to  
the Arizona, Eastern and Montana  
Company for $5,000. The Great West­  
ern is the south extension of the Easy  
Boss mine. Prescott Courier.  
H. J. Murphy, the mining man of  
Big Bug, familiarly known as “Dad,”  
is in town today, coming on legal busi­  
ness, says the Journal-Miner. It  
seems that Mr. Murphy’s bonanza  
claims in that district are becoming  
somewhat prominently known, so  
much so that one was recently “jump­  
ed.” Going up to the shaft yesterday  
Mr. Murphy noticed a person in pos­  
session of the claim, and pulling down  
on him with a shot gun, a Filipino  
stampede resulted, and Mr. Murphy  
was again in possession. Mr. Murphy  
was accordingly arrested, and coming  
to town without an officer, appeared  
before Judge Campbell for trial. The  
judge told him that his conduct was  
exemplary, and dismissed the charge  
against him, adding also that he be­  
lieved in the expansion of buckshot on  
similar occasions and where industri­  
ous men like Mr. Murphy were to be  
subjected to acts of gross injustice, the  
jumper should be run out of the coun­  
try.  

A. S. Cooper, formerly an employee of  
the Copper Queen company of Bisbee,  
Arizona, passed through El Paso  
Thursday on his return from Cincin­  
nati, Ohio, where he has been to se­  
cure capital for the development of a  
big copper claim he has located in the  
Dragoon Mountains, Arizona.  
Heavy shipments of copper ore are  
now being received at the El Paso  
smelter from the Washington and  
other camps in Arizona. The smelter  
there has contracted for 6,000 tons of  
Arizona copper ore to be delivered this  
month and they are making heavy con­  
tracts for October.  
The experiment is being tried of  
shipping ore as ballast from Guaymas,  
Mexico, to Germany. Sailing vessels  
arriving at that port with merchandise  
often find it difficult to secure full re­  
turn cargo. The chief trouble is that  
the ore has to be transported such a  
long distance to Guaymas, still it is es­  
timated that at the present price of  
lead it will pay to ship the ore, as it  
costs so little to get it across the ocean.  
Two small vessels have been thus far  
loaded with high grade lead ore carry­  
ing a slight per cent of silver. The ore  
is taken from a mine near Buena  
Vista; however, the large lead deposits  
are about seventy-five miles further  
east. A German company is making  
the experiment.—Ex.  
o  

SONORA MINING DEAL.  
Interview With James Shirley, a Well  
Known Operator.  
Mr. James Shirley spent yesterday  
in the city, leaving last night for New  
York. An important mining deal has  
just been consummated by Mr. Shir­  
ley. A strong company was organized  
recently in New York to operate upon  
some right copper claims which are lo­  
cated in the Cananea mountains and ex­  
tending upon the mineral zone which  
contains the Cobre Grande mine.  
Mr. Shirley was seen last evening at  
the Adams by a reporter. When  
asked if he had any news for  
the public, Mr. Shirley said that an  
order had just been left with Fraser &  
Chalmers for one of the most complete  
smelting plants ever brought to the  
southwest. The plant contains equip­  
ment for a 200-ton smelting outfit.  
There are three 200-horse power boil­  
ers, and the converters which will be  
placed on the property will be the best  
manufactured.  
“We have 150 properties,” said Mr.  
Shirley last night. “Like the ore of  
the Cobre Grande, our deposit lies on  
the surface, and we have but penetrat­  
ed its depth so far. The mining so far  
in that remarkable zone is practically  
chloriding; all of the ore comes direct­  
ly off the surface of the ground. The  
zone has a length of three miles and  
the width varies considerable. We  
have very rich carbonate ores, the  
average value demonstrated by smelt­  
ing showing 12 per cent copper. I  
consider this copper zone the richest  
ever discovered in any mining coun­  
try.  
“The new management of Cobre  
Grande,” continued Mr. Shirley, “has  
opened up newer and richer veins of  
copper, and there is ore enough in  
sight, without sinking for it, to run  
the present works three years. The  
work that Mr. Castillo will make a  
profitable property of his end of the  
zone will also encourage our hold­  
ings. As for ourselves, we have even a  
more valuable location, and we are go­  
ing to spend half a million dollars con­  
vincing the people of this.  

“We propose to build a railroad from  
our mine to the main line of the Sonora  
railroad, making the distance of the  
haul fifteen and not ninety miles, as that  
expensive project was instead of  
hauling sixty per cent copper by pack­  
rotten we will as soon as possible be  
able to ship solid eighty-five per cent  
copper.”  

Mr. Shirley is the father of that sec­  
tion of Sonora. He was the first man to  
report favorably upon the properties,  
and it was his report that attracted the  
attention of eastern mining men to  
that portion of Sonora. Before taking  
up the Sonora proposition Mr. Shirley  
was at work upon the Etta gold mine  
in Yavapai county. He said last night  
that he still believed that the Etta has  
a great future. “There will be a big  
change in that property very soon,” he  
said. “The company that I have in­  
terested in the mine will place the  
works upon the mine, securing the  
power over electric wires from an elec­  
tric plant upon the river. A large mill  
will be erected and the Etta will begin  
to produce the yellow metal. During  
the time I was managing the Etta mine  
$8,000 was stolen from me by a man  
at the mill. Joe Giroux had $5,000  
stolen from him when he operated the  
Etta. I believe it will be a great mine  
some day.”  

Mr. Shirley is one of the best hust­  
lers in the southwest, and when he  
goes after a mining proposition he  
usually lands it. In later years he has  
been very successful in mining.  
o  

SNORING AND CIVILIZATION  
A Traveler Says that Savages Do  
Not Have the Accomplishment.  
“Snoring may be inconveniently ob­  
trusive in a sleeping car,” said the ex­  
perienced traveler, “but it is just as  
much a mark of a high stage of civili­  
zation as is the sleeping car itself. You  
may take it for a fact that all the  
wild and inferior races do not snore.  
The doctrine of the survival of the fit­  
test gets in its work right there, and  
the savage person who vocalizes his  
sleep stands a very good chance of  
learning that snoring is not good for  
the health. Suppose you are a very  
savage person out on the warpath in  
a country full of your enemies. You  
take every precaution against discov­  
ery, covering your trail and selecting  
your camp so as to baffle ordinary  
search. That's all right, but if you  
snore it's all wrong; an enemy who  
hears the sound will make investiga­  
tions and the result is fatal always and  
frequently uncomfortable.  

“I have been a great deal among  
wild people, both in this country and  
elsewhere, and I know that they do  
not snore. Once I had one of these  
government professors with me; he  
was a very wise man and knew more  
about the savages than they did them­  
selves, but he would snore to beat the  
band. Like most people whose slum­  
bers are orchestrated, he denied the  
fact, and we should never have con­  
vinced him of what the rest of us had  
every reason to know, if it had not  
been for one little circumstance. One  
night we made our camp right in a vil­  
lage of the savages. They were peace­  
ful enough, and we were in no particu­  
lar danger. Still, as they were wild  
people, it was just as well to keep  
some sort of a watch on their move­  
ments.  

“Well, the professor rolled himself  
up in his blanket and soon was snor­  
ing like a good fellow. After a while  
I felt that there were people about and  
I lifted myself up on my elbow to see  
what was up. I’m blest if pretty near  
the whole outfit of the savages hadn’t  
left their own houses and squatted  
down on the grass where they could  
look into our camp and see what was  
going on. It was the first time in all  
their lives they had heard a man snore,  
and they didn’t know what to make of  
it. Or rather they thought they did,  
for they sized it up that some one of  
the gods was communicating with the  
white men.  

“It’s never very safe to monkey with  
the religious opinions of the savages,  
so I got up and woke the professor.  
When he saw the crowd sitting around  
our camp he was scared for fair. But  
when I told him that the savages had  
gathered just to hear him snore it  
made him mad. I don’t see why it  
should. If the savages don’t snore  
and the civilized people do, then the  
snore should be taken as one of the  
badges of civilization.” —N.Y. Sun.  

SAVAGE WAYS OF MEN.  
Why Hunting and Fishing are Neces­  
sary in Their Natures.  
The wise and sane male savage when  
he feels the primeval man growling  
within him packs his guns, his fishing  
rods, and a collar box and takes the  
next train for the Great North woods.  
Your husband, madam, is not going on  
a fishing excursion. It is his business  
to work off in three weeks the accu­  
mulated savagery of a solid year of  
repression.  

“Pete,” the guide, rows the boat  
noiselessly down the dark windings of  
Squaw creek. The setting sun, a cop­  
per red ball, is crossed by dead black  
bars—the branches of burned pines.  
From Lost lake, a mile back, comes  
the wailing cry of a loon.  
Just ahead, to the left, a fluttering  
pennon of yellow flame shines against  
the velvet blackness of the shore.  
“Indians?”  
“No,” says the guide, “Chicago  
men.”  
“Let’s stop.”  
Turning up silver ripples against the  
deep purple water, the boat creeps  
silently into the heavy shadows along  
the shore. It grounds and “Pete”  
springs overboard to pull the bow up  
into the moss.  
In front of a decaying log hut a drift­  
wood fire burns smartly. Three men  
are gathered about it. They are  
smoking corncob pipes. One wears a  
gauze undershirt and a pair of what  
once were trousers; another’s costume  
is a gray bathrobe; the third has  
crowned his white hair with a black  
and ancient slouch hat, and, for cloth­  
ing, puts his faith in a long blue flan­  
nel shirt.  
“How do you do, doctor?”  
The famous physician gets up and  
introduces the Judge and the lawyer.  
“Here’s an extra pipe.”  
So the pipe of peace is lit in the  
savage old way and around the council  
fire in the wilderness the four braves  
from Chicago sit down to talk of the  
joys of the chase, to count up the day’s  
trophies, and to plan “good hunting”  
for the morrow.  
The doctor we met just now on the  
shore of the creek is famous in the city  
for his low voice, his quiet, soothing  
ways in the sick room. You should  
see him at Springsted, a long rifle in  
his hands, crouching in the stern of a  
canoe at midnight, with a strange, sav­  
age lust in his heart and a look on his  
face that would frighten you. The  

Every  
Number  
Has its  
Meaning.  

[advertisement text follows unchanged]