Tri; four

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 31, 1915
HiP MB MS BpJ

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS.

A bitter conflict over an heirloom, the
diamond from the sky, found in a meteor by an an
cestor, has existed between Col. Arthur Stanley and
his cousin, Judge Lamar Stanley. The feud is aug
mented by the fact that the succession to the Stanley
earldom in England may come to an American family.
When his wife dies after having given birth to a
daughter Col. Stanley buys and substitutes as heir a
new born gipsy boy. Three years later the gipsy
mother, Hagar, steals the colonel’s daughter, who is
to be reared to secret, and obtains possession of the
“diamond from the sky” and a document that holds
the secret of the false heir.
When the daughter, Esther Stanley, grows up,
Hagar returns with her to Stanley Hall. Dr. Lee, ex
acting a condition that he keep the “diamond from
the sky,” assists Hagar in hopes that the supposed
Arthur Stanley II., who is Hagar’s son, will marry
Esther and become mistress of Stanley Hall. Blair
Stanley, Arthur’s cousin, who would be the rightful
heir to the earldom if the truth were known, also
is in love with Esther.
In endeavoring to steal the “diamond from the
sky” from Dr. Lee, Blair causes the old doctor’s
death. Arthur assumes the onus of the murder in the
hope that he himself may escape and Blair, who is a
scoundrel, will live a straighter life. Hagar and
Esther are established in Stanley Hall after Hagar has
established Blair’s guilt through finger print evidence.
Blair in the meantime has fallen in love with Vivian
Marsden, an adventuress, and, disguised and in posses
sion of the “diamond from the sky,” elopes with her,
although the marriage ceremony was never completed.
Mrs. Stanley, sensing that Esther is the real heir,
plans to make friends with her and effect a marriage
between her and Blair Stanley, her disgraced son.
She argues that if Esther marries Blair Hagar would
withhold any accusation or proofs of his guilt in con
nection with the murder of Dr. Lee. Esther in the
meantime has ransacked Hagar’s strong box and found
proof that she, Esther, is the real heir. She resolves
to say nothing about it. At Mrs. Stanley’s request,
Esther and Hagar accompany her to Mrs. Randolph’s
in Richmond. Burglars loot the train on which Blair
and Vivian are riding and take from them the dia
mond from the sky. Vivian, enraged, turns on
Blair and threatens him with exposure unless he re
gains the diamond.
Blair returns to Richmond, and, finding Esther
charming, courts her in order to arouse the jealousy
of Vivian. Hagar’s mind, unsettled by an accident in
the gipsy camp, wanders, and Esther learns that to
restore her to normal condition an operation costing
$5,000 will be necessary. Mrs. Stanley offers Esther
the money on condition that she marry Blair, but
Esther refuses.
Arthur by applying the robber’s loot as payment in
tends to save Stanley Hall from the hands of strangers
and help Esther and Hagar. He employs Tom Blake,
the detective, instructing him to defray all of Hagar’s
expenses and to bid in on Stanley Hall. Esther,
meanwhile, flees from the Stanleys to escape the
persecution of Blair Stanley. She intends to find
Arthur. Blake, following instructions, buys Stanley
Hall. Luke Lovell, the sinister, by a trick of fate,
again comes across the diamond from the sky and
buys it for a quart of whisky. Arthur as “John
Powell,” mechanical, strikes it rich in oil and is ban
queted in Los Angeles. At the height of the festivi
ties he receives word from Blake that Esther has
departed for parts unknown. This blow crushes
him. As to the diamond, Luke and his fellow boot
legger quarrel over its possession and the diamond
sinks into the Pacific near Santa Barbara.
Vivian, learning of Arthur’s sudden wealth, re
news her attentions to Blair in the hope that to
gether they will be able to strip him of his gold.
Blair and Vivian and Esther and Quabba separately
go to Los Angeles in search of Arthur. Marmaduke
Smythe also is in search of Arthur in California, and
up in the mountain region where Arthur is seeking
an investment a combat is staged to determine which
will be the first to reach Arthur.
Blair hires Luke Lovell to kill Esther and Marma
duke Smythe by putting a defective linchpin into the
stage coach. The coach rolls down the mountain, but
Esther and the lawyer escape unhurt. Meanwhile
Quabba returns and they both flee into the woods,
where they are pursued by Blair and Luke until night
fall. In the morning all hands of the Lady Veronica
mine are ordered to the new works by a message from
John Powell. Quabba and Esther flee in an ore car
over a trolley, thinking there will be help at the mine.
Finding it deserted, they elude Luke and Blair by
going through the tunnel on the electric trolley. Mean
while John Powell goes aboard his new yacht in Santa
Barbara bay. Vivian, bent upon his capture, charters
a sailboat and heads directly across the course of the
yacht. Powell at the wheel forces the inevitable col
lision and jumps into the bay to save her life.
Esther and Quabba make their escape by setting off
a blast in the tunnel and are kindly received by
the people at the mine. The pursuers are only
slightly injured. Powell falls under the spell of
Vivian and promises to secure for her the diamond
from the sky. Durand writes to Durand promising
any price for the diamond. Marmaduke Smythe shoots
a frog which kept him awake, and bagging his
game, finds the diamond from the sky.
Blair and Luke intercept the buckboard. The
driver is killed. Esther and Quabba escape and are
joined by Marmaduke Smythe, who gives Esther the
diamond to deliver to Arthur. Blair and Luke go to
the yacht in Arthur’s absence and find Esther with
the diamond. To escape them she jumps overboard.

CHAPTER XVIII.
THE CHARM AGAINST HARM.

Quabba, in the rowboat by the bot
tom of the yacht companionway,
heard the struggle upon the deck
between Blair and Luke and the
scream of Esther as, to escape
them both, she plunged over the side. It
seemed eternity to Quabba and a voyage
to the gates of death to the strangling
girl ere her head came to the surface.
She instinctively clutched the rail of
the rowboat and Quabba drew her in.
He headed the boat straight for the beach,
for he saw the sailing master on the wharf
stairs, bringing back the crew from their
shore leave. Between Blair and Luke it
was one of vicious ferocity. Both
fought hard, and the few half drunken
sailors aboard, tumbling out from the fore
castle, yelled with excitement and de
light at the splendid smashing scrap be
tween the ruddy, heavy built Luke and the
lithe and active Blair.

“Holy Bill,” cried one of the sailors, “it’s
two mad bulls a-fightin’ for blood for sure!”
“I should worry; it ain’t my floatin’
home they are mussin’ up,” exclaimed the
sailing master. And he spake truly in one
sense, for they maddened his yacht till the
two men tore it to each other, and the snowy deck of
the yacht was stained with blood which
flowed profusely from both combatants.
Against the paneled mahogany of the
cabin side the fighters crashed, smashing
and splintering glass and woodwork. And
then, in sheer tearing rage, combining all
their strength to dash each other to in
sanity and death, they plunged from the
deck cabin side at the center to the
starboard rail. At the heavy impact of the
two strong bodies flung against it, the rail
burst outward and the stanchions snapped
like pipe stems, and the two men, locked
in death grips, went over the side and into
the water, kicking, thrusting, cursing.
In the water, the more active Blair soon
unclutched and dived under. Coming to the
surface, he waited for the gypsy’s head to
reappear, and when Luke rose to the same,
gibbering and gasping for breath, Blair
struck him a smashing blow between the
eyes and swam to the companionway. Half
stunned and half strangled, Luke screamed
in inarticulate insanity of rage and hate.
Then through his dull mind came a realiza
tion that Blair, as friend of the owner of
the yacht, and as “a gentleman,” would
have the aid and assistance of the sailors.

Leaving the matter for another day to
settle, for Luke was of a nature that loved
to nurse and cherish his enmity, the gypsy
turned and swam strongly and doggedly to
the shore.

Blair, panting, water soaked and dishev
eled, leaned over the rope railing of the
companionway and looked after Luke, also
with that respect one good fighting man
has for the other.

“Hurt, sir?” a sailor asked.

“Only a little scratched,” said Blair,
noting with some satisfaction that the cold
sea water had checked the bleeding of his
wounds.

“The poor fellow must have gone roar
ing mad,” added Blair in explanation. “We
had been lost in the woods for some days,
and he must have gotten hold of some
whisky and gone clean crazy, for the first
thing I knew, he sprang upon me, fighting
like a mad dog!”

It was this same explanation in extenua
tion that Blair made to the sailing master when
the latter returned in the launch with the
sailors from their short leave. For the two
sailors left in the craft who had not seen
or known of Esther’s boarding the yacht in
search of Arthur, nor her wild leap from it
when faced by Blair and Luke. Nor had
the sailing master, mustering his men at
the end of the street leading to the wharf,
at the time of Esther’s leap, known of her
presence aboard the yacht. The sailing
master had soon the rowboat with Quabba
and Esther headed straight for the beach,
but the rowboat was too far away for
even keen sailor eyes to note that the girl
was wet and weak.

“I have heard of sailors getting homi
cidal delusions,” said the sailing master, “but
I never knew a landsman to get ’em that
quick.”

The two sailors who had witnessed the
Titan combat grinned, for it had been a
bout to delight the eye. But just then the
sailing master gave a sudden cry.

“Look at that fool! What is he doing?
Trying to commit suicide?” And the mas
ter pointed to the beach where the row
boat with the tired, unskilled hands of
Quabba on the oars, was negotiating the
surf.

“Shall we lower a boat, sir?” asked one
of the sailors. “There was a woman spilled
from the boat with that awkward land
lubber.”

The sailing master shaded his eyes with
his hand and then said: “By George, the
girl can swim all right! She is even help
ing the landlubber. They’re all right. See
the fellow with her is asking someone
to save the boat. There is quite a little
bunch of people on the beach now. And
our crazy friend sees them, too, and evi
dently does not desire to be questioned, for
he is striking off to land further down the
beach!” And he pointed to the bobbing
head of the strongly swimming Luke, a
mere speck above the water halfway to
the shore.

“The people on the beach don’t even see
my late friend of the woods,” remarked
Blair, with a cynical smile. “Oh, well, let
the poor fellow go. The cold water will
bring him to his senses.” And Blair turned
and went toward the cabin to make another
change in his attire from Arthur’s
yachting wardrobe.

“He’s a cool one,” said the sailing mas
ter, admiringly, as he looked after Blair,
who walked in his dripping clothes across
the deck whistling. “I’ll bet he is a Vir
ginian, that lad. He says he is Mr. Powell’s
cousin, and Powell is another fighting
daredevil just like him. They breed good
men in the West, but there’s nothing wrong
with the fighting strain they raise in old
Virginia!”

Luke gained a deserted part of the beach
unobserved, shook the water from him as
a great dog might have done, and strode
off. Luke Lovell had no use for the town.
Far away in the Sierras the Lady Veronica
mines and other prosperous and busy dig
gings called him. By train and on foot he
made his way, and by another day Santa
Barbara was far behind him. But, though
he went for work, and to get away from
his very hate of Blair Stanley, Luke Lovell
had not deviated one iota from his set, sul
len purpose.

He had seen the paper that Blair Stan
ley had pursued and persecuted Esther
to obtain. Then, too, Luke Lovell had
beheld the diamond from the sky. Luke
clenched his hand and looked down, as
though he had expected to see the great
gem he had thrice grasped as his own, only
to lose, still burning balefully in his
bronzed and brawny grasp. But the diamond
was gone, and he clutched at the empty air,
and trudged on, resolved that the purpose
of his life would be to have it. But he
would have no more of Blair Stanley; that
he was resolved.

[The story continues as in the original text.]