THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, MONDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 26, 1910.

I. 1

We Give FREE Circus Tickets With
Each $10.00 Purchase
JONES' CASE LOT
SPECIAL TEN DAYS OF
QUICK SELLING
Buying in case lots gives us special prices and spe
cial discounts. We have not half the room we
should have to properly display our immense stock
and have decided to have 10 days of quick selling
and give the public the benefit of our special case
lot prices.
15c OUTING FLANNELS 11c
One case of heavy Outing Flannels, neat patterns, light and dark
colorings, a 15c good value. Case-lot price, per yard 11c
15c PERCALES 9c
One case of wide Percales, new designs in grays, reds, blue and plain
colors; no better material for house dresses. Case-lot price,
per yard 9c
25c KIMONO CREPES 19c
One case of beautiful colorings and designs in these Kimono Crepes.
Do not need to be ironed. The genuine serpentine crepe. Case-lot
price, per yard
15c DRESS GINGHAMS 9c
Two cases of best Dress Ginghams made; all pretty patterns. Case-
lot price, per yard 9c
NOVELTY SUITINGS
A new Wash Suiting, looks like wool dress goods, in all colors. Case-
lot price, per yard 25c
Another, a Poplin Repp Suiting and Two-Toned Stripes, in new
shades. Case-lot price, per yard 20c
20c KIMONO FLANNELS 12c
One case of Kimono Flannels, heavy fleeced, all new patterns, a good
20c cloth. Case-lot price 12c
TOWELS.
One case of unbleached Turkish Towels, heavy, 36x21, good 20c value;
case-lot price, each 11c
One case of extra heavy bleached Towels, extra large, splendid 35c
Towel; case-lot price, each 19c
One case of linen mixed Huck Towels, extra large, a good 15c Towel;
case-lot price, each 10c
We give you big bargains in Towels...

Linene Suitings
Heavy material in new
fall shades and pat
terns. Case lot price,
per yard,
15c
Galatea Cloth
Plain and fancy color
ings and stripes, fine
for children's wear.
Case lot price, per yard
15c
LONSDALE MUSLIN
36 inches wide. Case lot
price
10c
10c Cretonnes 7c
One case of pretty Cre
tonnes, 10c value; case
lot price, per yard,
7c
20c Pillow Cases 12c
One case of heavy Pil
low Cases, 42x36, case
lot price
12 1/2c
$1.25 Table Linen 89c
72-inch all linen satin
Damask Table Linen,
$1.25 quality; case lot
price, per yard . .
89c

Corded Madras
A new cloth in light
colorings and neat de
signs; good for waists.
Case lot price, per yard
15c
Cheviot Shirtings
Good heavy Shirtings,
new patterns. Case lot
price, per yard
12 1/2c
36-in. unbleached L. L.
Muslin, case lot price,
per yard,
5c
12c Toweling 8 1/3c
One case of check and
crash Towelings, case
lot price, per yard
8 1/3c
Water twist bleached
Muslin, 36 in. wide,
8 1/3c value; case lot
price, per yard,
6c
50c Curtain Net 29c
New heavy mesh bun
galow Curtain Net,
handsome patterns,
case lot price, per yard,
29c

COMFORTS and BLANKETS
25 cases and more to come. The finest stock of
Comforts and Blankets ever shown. Special case
lot prices for this special. Our low prices will as
tonish you.

Hosiery Bargains
The best in the coun
try; bought by the case.
Extra special Ladies'
50c Hose, sold by the
box only of three pairs,
for

$1.00

Notion Bargains
Safety Pins 2c
Cube Pins... 2c
Dress Shields 8c
Finishing Braids 8c
Pearl Buttons 2c

JUST IN NEW FALL CHILDREN'S HATS;
ALSO LADIES' STREET HATS.
EVERY EXPRESS BRINGS US IN SOME
THING NEW

GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH
ERECTS ITS TENTED CITY

CIRCUS ARRIVES IN NIGHTTIME
AND IMMEDIATELY BEGINS
UNLOADING.

Will Give Parade and Two Perfor-
mances Today.

While Phoenix slept last night a

tented city sprang up in her midst. The

"Greatest Show on Earth," Barnum &
Bailey's superb aggregation, is housed
under canvas upon the lots in the
northeastern section of the city which
have come to be classed by children
from five years to seventy-five years
old as the "show grounds." Today two
performances will be given under the
big tent while in the forenoon a display
of pageantry never before approached
or attempted by any one organization
will fill the downtown streets, rousing
in young and old alike the "circus" fe-
ver and luring people from every walk
of life to the menagerie and sawdust
rings.
A weird sight was presented in the
yards of the Maricopa & Phoenix rail-
road last night following the arrival of
the first section of the four heavy
trains necessary to move this great
collection of attractions. Hardly had
the wheels ceased turning before my-
riads of torches attached to the scores
of long flat cars were set ablaze, throw-
ing a lurid glare over the animated
scene. Great draft horses were hurried
from their cars, fitted with strong har-
ness and attached to the heavy wagons.
In less than fifteen minutes after the
train pulled into Phoenix a long stream
of heavy wagons, the sound of their
creaking wheels carrying far in the
stillness of the night, was upon its way
to the grounds.
Beacon lights had been set at frequent
intervals along the streets to be trav-
ersed, so that the drivers of the six and
eight horse teams would have no diffi-
culty in determining the route from the
railroad to the circus grounds. Hun-
dreds of men were hurrying back and
forth, to the uninitiated appearing to
have no definite aim, but in reality all
working together for the carrying out
of one great plan. The master mind of
this great activity sat calmly in a bug-
gy, and occasionally gave an order or a
suggestion in an undertone and without
show of authority or harshness.
Time was when the unloading of a
great circus was attended with the
sounds of raucous voices, commanding,
even bullying, the men and the inter-
change of profanity was usually such
as to render the surroundings fairly
blue. All this has passed since Ringling
Bros. have become the head of this
great show. It was in marked con-
trast with the experience of former
years that those Phoenicians who went
down to the railroad yards last even-
ing saw the unloading of the circus.
There was hardly a sound, other than
the grating of the wheels or the move-
ment of the cars. People within a few
blocks of the neighborhood slept
through it all without being dis-
turbed. And scores of people living in

the neighborhood of the circus grounds

will know for the first time this morn-
ing that the circus is in town.
Owing to the lateness of the hour
when the trains began arriving, the
first pulling in to town about 10 o'clock
there was not a large crowd present to
witness the unloading. Profiting by
the experience of last year at which
time an aged woman met death and sev-
eral youngsters had narrow escapes
while watching the unloading of the
cars, Superintendent C. M. Scott, of the
Maricopa & Phoenix railroad, arranged
that there should be several extra po-
lice upon the grounds to assist the lo-
cal officers in keeping all sightseers
at a safe distance and, largely as a re-
sult of this, no accidents were reported
from the railroad yards last night.
The big parade will pass through the
downtown streets this morning about
10 o'clock, and because of the early ar-
rival of the circus in town this feature
will undoubtedly take place on time.
The school children will be afforded an
opportunity to witness the parade.
Incidentally Marshal Moore an-
nounces that he will have an extra
force of officers at work today to pre-
vent disorder. His men will be in-
structed to arrest all suspicious char-
acters and the marshal advises all
householders to keep an eye out for
persons acting suspiciously and in the
event of discovering any such to call
up his office immediately.

HE STILL MAINTAINS
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT

J. C. STUBBS SPEAKS OF THE
PROBABLY FATAL WOUNDING
OF HIS SON.

Cleveland, O., Sept. 25. In a weak
whisper Donald Stubbs, general agent
of the Union Pacific, told his father
that the probably fatal wound received
above his heart last night was acciden-
tal. His father, John C. Stubbs, traf-
fic director of the Harriman lines,
came here in a special from Chicago as
soon as he learned of the finding of
his son in his railroad office apparent-
ly dying of a bullet wound.
"My son seemed anxious for me to
know that he shot himself accidently,"
said Mr. Stubbs. "He seemed dis-
couraged, however, and did not appear
to care whether he lived or not. His
only fault and weakness was drink, and
I am convinced that this was responsi-
ble for the accident. He had no reason
to attempt self-destruction."
Mr. Stubbs married Marguerite
Wheeler of New York last June.
o
SHEPHERDESS DROOP.

The graceful droop of the wide
brimmed hat is called the shepherdess
and it is becoming to most women.
It requires the wide and rather
straight brim which dips in front
and back.

THE FULL COMMITTEE
IN THE LORIMER CASE

The Taking of Testimony Will Begin
Today.

Chicago, Sept. 25. Senator Bulkley
of Connecticut arrived today, filling
the roster of the senatorial committee
for the investigation of the election
of Senator Lorimer.
The plan of the committee is to
proceed with the inquiry tomorrow,
with Representative Charles White,

who alleges that he received $1,000 to
vote for Lorimer, as the first witness.
Representative Beckemeyer, who is
also a democrat and voted for Lori-
mer, has been summoned to testify. It
is expected that the testimony of
White, whose confession, first pub-
lished in a Chicago paper, first di-
rected public attention to the charges
of bribery, will occupy the stand the
entire day and possibly longer.

THE MINING CONGRESS.

The Subject of Conservation the Main
Question.

Los Angeles, Sept. 25. Conservation
and its bearing on the mining and
oil industries will be the principal
subject before the American Mining
Congress which opens tomorrow.
President Buckley's address and a
speech by Gifford Pinchot on con-
servation and its relation to the oil
industry, will be the principal features
of the day.
Mr. Pinchot recently visited the oil

fields. Tomorrow he will give his
first expression of views regarding
the declaration of the oil men that
restrictive laws will drive them out
of business, shut off prospecting, and
create stagnation in the fields. Scores
of delegates are arriving.
o
THE IRRIGATION CONGRESS.

It Will Be No Place to Air Personal
Grievances.

Pueblo, Colo. A determination to
permit the greatest latitude in the
discussion of irrigation problems but
to keep the deliberations free from
sectional disputes and personal griev-
ances were voiced by the officers and
delegates here for the eighteenth na-
tional irrigation congress which opens
tomorrow.
W. J. Bryan will arrive tomorrow
and be the principal speaker on Mon-
day night. The representation from
foreign countries will establish a new
record.

IT WAS DOWNWARD REVISION.

Washington, Sept. 25. The opera-
tions of Payne-Aldrich tariff law for
one year show that the average ad-
valorem rate of duty on imports of
all classes was 1.66 per cent lower
than under the Dingley law. A com-
parison has been made by the bureau
of statistics.
o
STREET DRESSES.
The sash is one of the new features
seen on the street dresses in Paris,
and it may be worn either directly
in front, at one side, or at the back.
Satin is the favorite material, with
charmeuse next and velvet following
closely. The latter is generally used
in combination with satin or cloth.

Daily Fashion Talks

BY MAY MANTON

FOR THE TINY INFANT.
CLOSE fitting caps and long protective coats make the necessary outer
garments for the tiny baby. This set includes one of each and also a
little dress that can can be made simple or elaborate as it is treated in
one way or another. As illustrated the coat is made of drap d’été
with the cape portion embroidered, the cap is made of silk and the dress is
made of fine sheer lawn with the front panel composed of alternate strips of
the material embroidered with dots and lace insertion. For the coat, however,
any seasonable material that is adapted to babies' use can be utilized,
cashmere and henrietta cloth are used with interlinings of wadding, heavy
bengaline silk is much used and the drap d’été is always handsome and practical.
The dress allows of various treatments for the yoke while the panel can be cut

6783 Infant's Set, One Size.
from all-over embroidery or it can be made from plain material and
embroidered by hand, while just as illustrated it is dainty and attractive in the
extreme. The little cap is essentially practical. It is made in one piece and
can be opened out flat to be cleansed or laundered. It is supplied with ribbon
inserted in a casing by means of which the size is regulated.
For the dress will be required 4 yards of material 24, 3 yards 36 or
2 1/4 yards 44 inches wide with 5 yards of insertion 4 yards of edging; for the
coat 4 yards 24, 3 yards 36 or 2 yards 44 inches wide and for the cap 1/2
yard any width will be needed. A May Manton pattern, No. 6783, one size
only, will be mailed to any address by the Fashion Department of this paper
on receipt of ten cents. (If in haste send an additional two cent stamp for
letter postage which insures more prompt delivery.)

FILL OUT THIS BLANK. . :
ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, Phoenix, Ariz.
Please order for me, 10 cents herewith to cover
your charges:
Pattern No Size
Name
Address
NOTE: These Patterns are ordered for you from
Chicago and require about 10 days to get them to
you.

Despair and Despondency
No one but a woman can tell the story of the suffering, the
despair, and the despondency endured by women who carry
a daily burden of ill-health and pain because of disorders and
derangements of the delicate and important organs that are
distinctly feminine. The tortures so bravely endured com-
pletely upset the nerves if long continued.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription is a positive cure for
weakness and disease of the feminine organism.

IT MAKES WEAK WOMEN STRONG,
SICK WOMEN WELL.
It allays inflammation, heals ulceration and soothes pain.
It tones and builds up the nerves. It fits for wifehood
and motherhood. Honest medicine dealers sell it, and
have nothing to urge upon you as 'just as good.”

It is non-secret, non-alcoholic and has a record of forty years of cures.
Ask Your Neighbors. They probably know of some of its many cures.
If you want a book that tells all about woman's diseases, and how to cure
them at home, send 21 one-cent stamps to Dr. Pierce to pay cost of mailing
only, and he will send you a free copy of his great thousand-page illustrated
Common Sense Medical Adviser revised, up-to-date edition, in paper covers.
In handsome cloth-binding, 31 stamps. Address Dr. R.V. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.

INCREASE THE
YIELD FROM
3 TO 7 BUSHELS
PER ACRE

We will attempt to tell you HOW
A MONITOR DOUBLE DISC DRILL,
is able to increase the yield from 3
to 7 bushels per acre and pay for it-
self. If you will examine the cuts, you
will notice that the boot is made of
one solid casting the disc axle being
a part of it. These axles are cone
shaped and set at such an angle as
to bring the two discs, which have
sharp beveled edges, tight together in
front, and spread them about 2 1/2
inches apart in the rear and about
1 1/2 inches apart at the bottom. The
grain tube (3) passing through the
boot at point 2, drops the seed in
front of the disc axle, so that as the
seed falls the discs are revolving
downward and thereby aid to deposit
the seed at the bottom of the furrow,
the sides of the discs preventing dirt,
trash and even water from getting to
the seed. Inasmuch as the discs
start to spread apart between the
front and the bottom, a ridge is left
at the bottom of the furrow; this
ridge splits the fall of the seed and
spreads it in two even rows about 1
inch apart, which gives it a better
opportunity to stool, prevents crowd-
ing of the roots and insures a strong-
er, healthier growth than when sown
in single rows, as is the case with
all other styles of furrow openers.

Pratt-Gilbert Co.

Under United States
Government Supervision
SOME people only half appreciate
the impregnable security af-
forded by a National Bank under
Government Supervision.
The U. S. Government makes frequent, un-
expected and keen investigation into the
business conducted by this institution, and
the National Bank of Arizona always
emerges from each examination with flying
colors.
It is the oldest bank in Phoenix and has a
larger capital and surplus than any other
bank in Arizona, which is the true indica-
tion of a bank's strength.
These are a few of the many reasons why
You should make it Your bank.
4% Interest Paid 4%
on Term Deposits
The National Bank of Arizona
Phoenix, Arizona.