THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, FRIDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 11, 1918

PAGE FIVE

GRIEF FOR SUGAR
SUCKERS EAT IN PUBLIC PLACES

The publicity and enforcement division of the food administration have sent their forces in ferreting out and punishing the sugar slackers in Arizona. A sugar slacker is a person who attempts to exceed the government two-pound allotment.

And if present plans are carried out, the missing amount fools' names and faces have to be amended to read the sugar slackers' names and faces are to be made prominent in public places.

"It is a deplorable fact," say food administration officials, "that the sugar slackers for a long time have been familiar with it in many public eating places, and their names are now to be made more familiar through publication in the press."

The plan is outlined in a letter sent by the federal food administrator for Arizona to all volunteer workers of the food administration in this state, including county food administrators, volunteer inspectors, and committeemen of the hotel division, instructing them to report the names of all sugar slackers observed ever in public eating places.

The sugar slacker is easy to detect. He is to man, sometimes the woman, who slips the mysterious envelope torn from his inside pocket or handbag and pours the contents in a cup of tea or coffee. Such a person by cheating may exceed the individual consumption of sugar to ten pounds per month.

The sly, sometimes brazen, the sugar slacker usually is bold in his actions. He stares the world in the eye as he nonchalantly dumps the sugar into his cup as much as to say: "What care I for sugar limitations? If I want to take more, that is my business and I have perfect right to." In ludicrous contradiction to this haughty demeanor, the sugar slacker often wears a Liberty button or some other patriotic emblem.

But the "rights" of this individual are going to be closely looked into from now on by the enforcement division. Officials reason this way: All public places have been placed on a ration allowance of two pounds of sugar for every 90 meals served, with imperative instructions to limit the use of sugar to one teaspoonful to each meal served. Now the fact that any patron uses more than this allowance is prima facie evidence that he is a sugar slacker and therefore falls into the class as a sugar boarder, and is subject to a very heavy penalty for violation of the federal food control act.

One of the noteworthy features of the plan will be the filing of formal charges against all persons whose names have been reported, and the publication of these charges with names attached as a legal document. Some interesting developments are expected.

BUYS OIL LEASE IN BIG PROVEN FIELD

Los Angeles papers recently announced the consummation of an oil deal in California, in the Midway-Sunset field of California, in the securing of an oil production lease by the Arizona Oil and Refining Company from the Montana-Wyoming Oil Company, a Utah corporation headed by former Governor William Spry.

The lease by the Arizona Oil and Refining Company is located in the heart of the big proven field and is surrounded by such companies as the Standard, Union, and the General Petroleum. At the present time the well on the Arizona oil lease is producing 20 barrels daily, but the company's geologist and vice president, Dr. E. A. Edwards, states that there is every possibility of developing the well to a production of 100 barrels daily.

For lack of transformer oil, an adjustment was made in the first instance and oil arranged for in the other. Owner Gordon of a Chandler gin stated that because a rock crusher on a road at Tempe was using practically all the power of the Mesa plant during the day, he was unable to run. In this case, the rock crusher was ordered to run at night, enabling the mill to proceed during the day. The Tempe Gin Company was able to begin operations when arrangements were made for that company to secure transformer oil for immediate delivery. McCall of the Tempe company says that he can handle 60 to 70 bales in a 10-hour day.

FOUND
CAR CONFISCATED

Ponderous machinery of the United States government yesterday proceeded against one lonesome automobile. Although defendant in the case that was brought against it, the motor car did not appear before the dignified judge.

Suffice it to say that Assistant United States Attorney Langston seriously told Judge Sawtelle that the automobile had been found on the Colorado River Indian reservation August 31, 1917; that it contained numerous and sundry bottles of perfectly good whiskey; and that being in violation of the laws of this country, the said automobile was then and there seized by A. D. Cuclos, superintendent of the reservation.

Having no defense and unable to state it, if it had, there was nothing for Judge Sawtelle to do but enter an order for the sale of the car. This was done.

TROUBLES
SO GINNERS CAN RESUME

The State Council of Defense came to the aid of two ginners yesterday, one declaring his inability to operate because of lack of power and the other

The following casualties are reported by the commanding general of the American Expeditionary Forces:

Killed in action 91
Missing in action 28
Wounded severely 200
Died from wounds 62
Died from accident and other causes 6
Died of disease 29
Died from aeroplane accident 3
Prisoners 6
Total 425

KILLED IN ACTION
Mr. Harry A. Harvey, Brooklyn, N.Y.
Captains
Joseph E. Dudenhoefer, Erie, Pa.
Walter Ernest Gillam, Flushing, N.Y.
Walter S. Keller, New York, N.Y.

Lieutenants
Robert A. Sherwood, Portland, Ore.
Emmons John Stockwell, East Burke, Vermont.

Sergeants
George W. Bell, Townley, Ala.
James Brogan, New York, N.Y.
Geo. B. Hall, Richmond Hill, N.Y.
Adolph Henry Lynch, Morgantown, N.C.
Leo P. McHugh, Cumming, Iowa.
Theodore W. Todd, New York, N.Y.
John N. Walsh, New York, N.Y.
John Huttle, Babylon, N.H.

Corporals
Charles H. Allen, Dora, Pa.
Joseph M. Bailey, Clarksburg, Pa.
Frank J. Kearney, Niles, Ohio.
Estill Powers, Kingsley, Iowa.
Alfred W. Reed, Hamon, Tex.
Fred N. Stoffel, Franklinville, N.Y.
Ben T. Barrett, Henderson, Tex.
Jesse M. Grisham, Holland, Ark.
George A. Smith, Ontonagon, Mich.
Louis Herbert Wilson, Mauston, Wis.

Mechanics
Luke Garton, New York, N.Y.

Wagoner
Charles Edward Fagan, Brooklyn, N.Y.

Privates
James E. Armstrong, Phalanx, Ohio.
Thomas J. Best, Pottsville, Pa.
Joe P. Dolney, Del Rio, Tex.
Hayes A. Cornelius, Birds Run, Ohio.
Antonio D. DeCarlo, Natick, R.I.
Dante Dolcini, Valley, Calif.
John A. Erickson, Hancock, Mich.
James Flannery, New Philadelphia, Pa.
Rikus F. Lessner, Battle Creek, Neb.
Benjamin Frost, New York, N.Y.
Louis Gerstein, Boston, Mass.
Roy N. Havermale, Canton, Ill.
William L. Helms, Danville, Ky.

Ice Boxes on Wheels
Refrigerator cars for carrying meat are ice boxes traveling on wheels.

Most people in America would have to go without fresh meat, or would have to pay more for what they could get, if it were not for these traveling ice boxes. Gustavus F. Swift, the first Swift in the packing industry, saw the need of these traveling ice boxes before others. He asked the railroads to build them. The railroads refused. They were equipped, and preferred to haul cattle rather than dressed beef.

So Gustavus F. Swift had to make the cars himself. The first one was a box car rigged up to hold ice. Now there are 7,000 Swift refrigerator cars. Each one is as fine an ice box as you have in your home.

Day and night, fair weather and foul, through heat and cold, these 7,000 cars go rolling up and down the country, keeping meat just right on its way to you.

Thus another phase of Swift & Company's activities has grown to meet a need no one else could or would supply, in a way that matched Swift & Company's ideas of being useful.

When you see one of these Swift & Company cars in a train, or on a siding, you will be reminded of what is being done for you as the fruit of experience and a desire to serve.

Lend the Way
They Fight
Buy Liberty Bonds

Swift & Company,
U.S.A.

Phoenix Local Branch, 412 S. Second Avenue
A. M. Mayfield, Manager

TOMORROW Saturday, October 12
Marks the Opening Date
KORRICKS'
Fall Anniversary

Sale

The sale of sales! The bargain event of the year. Special values from every department in the store. It will pay you to be here Saturday. The values will be pleasing. See Saturday morning paper for full particulars.

"The Store of Service"

KORRICKS

"The House of Courtesy"

PHONE 1602

Arthur Jacobsen, Calumet, Mich.
William Karnaros, Mahoney City, Pa.
Ezra L. Langstone, Oakdale, Miss.
Walter P. Lowe, Overland, Ind.
Thos. L. Moscariella, Norwalk, Conn.
Marvin J. Odom, St. Paul, N.C.
Raymond Opsomer, Detroit, Mich.
Richard L. Osborn, Lowery, Okla.
James B. Pryor, Mayfield, Ky.
Franklin Reed, Brockport, Pa.
Glen Newell Satterlee, Hubbardville, N.Y.
August S. Shaedler, Canton, Ohio.
Charles F. Schultz, Chicago, Ill.
David H. Scott, Ada, Okla.
Ignatius Brzoska, Buffalo, N.Y.
John A. Carlson, Bjorganden, Sweden.
Elmer Joseph Cole, Detroit, Mich.
Edward Conforti, Brooklyn, N.Y.
Henry Coussenmeker, Ghent, Minn.
Nichols Degiacomo, Baltimore, Md.
Carl W. Fleck, Brooklyn, N.Y.
Frederick Jacob Gugleman, Arlington, N.J.
Carleton T. Harlow, Cotuit, Mass.
Ernest M. Hazelton, Glen Falls, N.Y.
John Michaels Hirz, Patterson, N.J.
Sven Martin Johnson, Lafayette, Minn.
Thomas M. Johnson, Boyne City, Mich.
James X. Kerr, Los Angeles, Cal.
Arthur A. Krahne, Milwaukee, Wis.
Adolph Lekanger, Bode, Norway.
Anthony R. Matos, Hawaii.
Charles O'Donnell, Waterford, Ireland.
William J. Perry, Jacksonville, Tex.
Robert D. Rabe, Jersey City, N.J.
John F. Sheskey, Bridgewater, Conn.
David H. Slagle, Altoona, Pa.
Carl Thatcher, Chillicothe, Ohio.
Dan Frank Ulrich, Remus, Mich.
William W. Voigt, Portage, Wis.
Elmer Wiese, Indianapolis, Ind.
Arthur Abraham Klatzkin, New York, N.Y.
Roy Lammons, Yazoo City, Miss.
Clarence J. Lamoore, Cleveland, O.
Peter Lehman, Brooklyn, N.Y.
Jacob Paul Lese, Princeton, Wis.
Samuel Lisi, New York, N.Y.
James F. Luny, White Plains, N.Y.
John T. McCabe, New York, N.Y.
Willard J. Mann, Chicago, Ill.
Arthur J. Marks, Smithport, Pa.
Neils M. Matson, White, Wis.
Carl A. Moler, Arnett, Texas.

DIED OF WOUNDS
Lieutenants
Taul Henry Cordes, Brooklyn, N.Y.
Karl E. Dimick, Montreal, Canada.
Irving J. Pinkus, New York, N.Y.

Sergeants
James Paul Snodgrass, Smithfield, W. Va.
Edward I. Spence, Ionia, Ky.
William Henry Van Horssen, Grand Haven, Mich.
John F. Vermealen, Richmond Hill, N.Y.
Orville C. Winter, Villisca, Iowa.

Corporals
William G. Etchison, Mussella, Ga.
Claude Lee Frans, Fraser, Mo.
Nicholas Spallas, Stoughton, Mass.

Mechanic
Albert Toebes, Paterson, N.J.

Privates
Aaron Jenkins, Covington, Ky.
Fred E. Aune, Dayton, Ore.
Charlie Buggs, Cullman, Ala.
Hardwood Canady, Cooperton, Okla.
George C. Conray, Clinton, Wis.
Fred B. Corwin, Mt. Gilead, O.
Patrick Coyne, Cleveland, O.
Parker R. Daily, Chillicothe, O.
Clifford E. Dimmitt, Fairfield, Iowa.
Antonio Ferrara, Ariano Di Puglia, Italy.
John M. Fitzgerald, Cleveland, O.
Peter Walter Fisher, Grand Haven, Mich.
Henry Foley, Twin Lakes, Minn.
Paul A. Gardner, New York, N.Y.
Leander Gray, Wilmington, Del.
Philip Hassinger, New York, N.Y.
Thomas H. Harmer, Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
John S. Haugh, Detroit, Mich.
Robert J. Hensley, Nealsville, N.C.
Jessie C. Kountz, Salt Sulphur Springs, W. Va.
Albert M. Kreiger, Milnor, N.D.
Albert Lantz, Pittsburgh, Pa.
Austin Lewis, Beloit, Wis.

The Wurst Wieners For Wilhelm

David E. Magers, Tribbey, Okla.
William E. J. Maloney, Ottumwa, Ia.
Bentley Mauek, Corydon, Ind.
William H. Moran, Pittsburgh, Pa.
John J. O'Neill, Philadelphia, Pa.
William Philips, Maysville, Ky.
Frank Anton Ragenoski, Berlin, Wis.
Clarence Richardson, Louisville, Ky.
Charles Runge, Milwaukee, Wis.
William H. Saxe, Souderton, Pa.
George Sieber, Brooklyn, N.Y.
Matt Smuk, Ely, Minn.
Arthur Melvin Thompson, Stoughton, Wis.
Earl Truxal, Latrobe, Pa.
Forrest C. Ford, Des Moines, Iowa.
Clyde Timberwood, Columbus, Ohio.
Jacob L. Wells, Yvor City, Ky.
Frank E. Williams, Athol, Mass.
William A. Young, White Sulphur Springs, W. Va.
Joseph C. Smith, Islin, Pa.
Samuel L. Suit, Federal, Pa.
Arthur C. Spryber, Pittsburgh, Pa.
Thomas W. C. White, Roberta, Ala.
John Wyrowinski, Stephens Point, Wis.
William Wiess, Racine, Wis.
Elbert Wolfe, Ewing, Va.
Carl H. Zimmerman, Detroit, Mich.

DIED OF DISEASE
Sergeants
Herbert Howard, New York, N.Y.
Nathaniel Young, New York, N.Y.

Corporals
Ernest W. Foster, W. Boxford, Mass.
David C. Owens, Laurel Bloomery, Tenn.

Cook
Hugo Pardi, New York, N.Y.

Privates
Domenico Abbiente, East Boston, Mass.
Baszi Abbisher, Thompsonville, Ill.
Percy J. Clegg, Ucon, Idaho.
Terry T. Dailey, Youngstown, O.
Raymond F. Dillman, Schuylkill, Pa.
Archie T. Jardine, Dunseith, N.D.
Jennings Handy, Kolokee, Fla.
James Kyle, S. Orange, N.J.
Joseph C. Lafranboise, Montreal, Quebec.
Edward O'Neill, Philadelphia, Pa.
Francis C. Sauer, Jacksonville, Ill.
Sam Scott, Sherrell, Ark.
James A. Long, Mold, Wash.
Harry R. Perkins, Limerick, Maine.
Robert O. Barnes, Chicago, Ill.
James C. Bishop, Kress, Va.
Charles B. Bowman, Burnt Prairie, Ill.
Alfred V. Charles, Scranton, Pa.
Frank Collins, Hector, Ky.
Allen F. Drake, Newsoms, Va.
George C. Meyer, Center Square, Pa.
Charles J. Schmitt, Waterloo, Iowa.
Harold H. Wallis, Barnado, N.Y.

DIED FROM AEROPLANE ACCIDENTS
Lieutenants
James R. Carey, Jr., Salem, O.
George H. Brenner, York, Pa.
George W. Goodwin, Glen Falls, N.Y.

DIED OF ACCIDENTS AND OTHER CAUSES
Sgt. Alfred Huber, Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Corp. Dan McCarthy, Chicago, Ill.
Privates
Wm. R. Davis, Central Falls, R.I.
David G. Silverman, New York, N.Y.
Ernest J. Parson, Benton, Pa.
Anthony Frank Pinocci, Chicago, Ill.