FOR SALE. Five room brick cot
tage, with modern conveniences, close
in, on North side. $3000. E. E. Pascoe,
119 North Center St.
MONEY TO LOAN. If you want to
build and need some money, come and
see me; my rates are the lowest. E. E.
Pascoe, 110 North Center Street.
EIGHTEENTH YEAR.
12 PAGES
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, SATURDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 5
1907
12 PAGES
VOL. XVIII. NO 145

A PRESIDENTIAL PLEA
FOR INLAND NAVIGATION

Mr. Roosevelt's Address Before the Deep
Water Ways Convention

He Incidentally Repeats His Notions on the Subject of
the Navy and the Need of Curbing the Law Break
ing Corporations.

Memphis, Oct. 4. The chief figure
of the Deep Waterways Convention
today, was President Roosevelt, who
was given a great ovation by the del
egates from the broad territory to be
benefited by the accomplishment of
the movement. It was shared by the
members of the commission and by
the governors of twenty-three states.
The president spoke at great length
on the desirability of opening the Mis
sissippi for deep water navigation and
in the course of his address, said:
"From various causes river and
canal transportation declined all over
the United States as the railroad sys
tems came to their full development.
It is our business to see that the de
cline is not permanent; and it is of
interest to remember that nearly a
century ago President Madison advo
cated the canalization of the Missis
sippi. In wealth of natural resources
no kingdom of Europe can compare
with the Mississippi valley and the
region around the Great Lakes, taken
together, and in population this huge
fertile plain already surpasses all save
one or two of the largest European
kingdoms. In this empire a peculiarly
stalwart and masterful people finds it
self in the surroundings best fitted for
the full development of its powers and
faculties. There has been a great
growth in the valley of manufacturing
centers; the movement is good if it
does not go too far; but I most earn
estly hope that this region as a whole
will remain predominantly agricultural.
The people who live in the country
districts, and who till the small or
medium-sized farms on which they live
make up what is on the whole the
most valuable asset in our national
life. There can be just as real pro
gress and culture in the country as
in the city; especially in these days
of rural free delivery, trolleys, bicycles,
telephones, good roads, and school im
provements. The valley of the Mis
sissippi is politically and commercially
more important than any other valley
on the face of the globe.
"Here more than anywhere else will
be determined the future of the United
States and indeed of the whole western
world; and the type of civilization
reached in this mighty valley, in this
vast stretch of country lying between
the Alleghanies and the Rockies, the
Great Lakes and the Gulf, will largely
fix the type of civilization for the
whole western hemisphere. Already,
as our history shows, the west has de
termined our national political develop
ment, and the fundamental principle of
present American politics, political
equality, was originally a western idea.
"The wonderful variety of resources
in different portions of the valley
make the demand for transportation
altogether exceptional. Coal, lumber,
corn, wheat, cotton, cattle on the sur
face of the soil and beneath the soil
the riches are great. There are al
ready evident strong tendencies to in
crease the carrying of freight from the
northern part of the valley to the gulf.
Throughout the valley the land is so
fertile as to make the field for the
farmer peculiarly attractive; and
where in the west the climate becomes
dryer we enter upon the ranching
country; while in addition to the pro
ducts of the soil there are also the
manufactures supplied in innumerable
manufacturing centers, great and
small. Cities of astonishing growth are
found everywhere from the gulf to the
Great Lakes, from the Alleghanies to
the Rockies; most of them being sit-

HOME OF CURIOS
from every tribe in Arizona ancient and modern
NAVAJO BLANKETS
Make the finest kind of rugs and couch covers, last forever.
Some fine small sizes for rugs $3.25. Come in and see us.
OLD MISSION MUSEUM
Back of Court House. Cor. Second Ave and Jefferson St.

The Prescott National Bank, Prescott, Ariz.
Has earned a place on the "Roll of Honor" in the National
System, being numbered seven hundred and twenty.
Capital paid in ..... $100,000
Surplus and Undivided Profits ... 120,000

Secure Positive Protection for Your
Valuables
One of the most important acts of prudence is to place your valu
ables beyond the reach of fire and theft.
This protection can be obtained by renting a Safe Deposit Box
in our Fire and Burglar-Proof Vaults. We have the only fully
equipped Safety Deposit Vaults in this city.
Special rooms for customers.

PHOENIX NATIONAL BANK
PHOENIX, ARIZONA

MY REDUCTION SALE
Will continue
Until further notice
N. FRIEDMAN
Jeweler
Phoenix, Ariz.

uated on the great river which flows
by your doors or upon some of its
numerous navigable tributaries. New
mineral fields are discovered every
year; and the constantly increasing
use of all the devices of intensive cul
tivation steadily adds to the produc
tive power of the farms. Above all,
the average man is honest, intelligent,
self-reliant, and orderly, and therefore
a good citizen; and farmer and
wageworker alike in the last analysis
the two most important men in the
community enjoy a standard of living,
and have developed a standard of self
respecting, self-reliant manhood, which
are of good augury for the future of
the entire republic. No man can foresee
the limit of the possibility of develop
ment in the Mississippi valley.
Such being the case, and this val
ley being literally the heart of the
United States, all that concerns its
welfare must concern likewise the
whole country. Therefore, the Missis
sippi river and its tributaries ought by
all means to be utilized to their ut
most possibility. Facility of cheap
transportation is an essential in our
modern civilization, and we cannot
afford any longer to neglect the great
highways which nature has provided
for us. These natural highways, the
waterways, can never be monopolized
by any corporation. They belong to all
the people, and it is in the power of
no one to take them away.
"Wherever a navigable river runs
beside railroads the problem of regu
lating the rates on the railroads be
comes far easier, because river regu
lation is rate regulation. When the
water rate sinks, the land rate cannot
be kept at an excessive height. There
fore it is of national importance to de
velop these streams as highways to the
fullest extent which is genuinely prof
itable. Year by year transportation
problems become more acute, and the
time has come when the rivers really
fit to serve as arteries of trade should
be provided with channels deep enough
and wide enough to make the invest
ment of the necessary money profit
able to the public. The national gov
ernment should undertake this work.
Where the immediately abutting land
is markedly benefited, and this benefit
can be definitely localized,
I trust that there will be careful in
vestigation to see whether some way
can be devised by which the immediate
beneficiaries may pay a portion of the
expenses as is now the custom as re
gards certain classes of improvements
in our municipalities; and measures
should be taken to secure from the lo
calities specially benefited proper ter
minal facilities. The expense to the
nation of entering upon such a scheme
of river improvement as that which I
believe it should undertake will nec
essarily be great. Many cautious and
conservative people will look askance
upon the project, and from every
standpoint it is necessary, if we wish
to make it successful, that we should
enter upon it only under conditions
which will guarantee the nation
against waste of its money, and which
will insure us against entering upon
any project until after the most elab
orate expert examination, and reliable
calculation of the proportion between
cost and benefit. In any project like
this there should be a definite policy,
and a resolute purpose to keep in mind
that the only improvements made
should be those really national in their
character.
"We should act on the same prin
ciple in improving our rivers that we
should follow in improving our har
bors. The great harbors are of con
sequence not merely to the immediate
localities, but to immense stretches of
country; and the same is true of the
great rivers. It is these great rivers
and great harbors the improvement of
which is of primary national interest.
The main streams should be improved
to the highest practical degree of ef
ficiency before improvements are at
tempted on the branches, and work
should be undertaken only when com
pletion is in sight within a reasonable
time, so that assured results may be
gained and the communities affected
depended upon the improvements.
Moreover, as an incident in caring for
the river so that it may become an
efficient channel of transportation, the
United States government should do
its full part in levee building, which,
in the lower reaches of the river, will
not only give a channel for commerce,
but will also give protection to the
adjacent bottom lands.
"Immense sums have already been
spent upon the Mississippi by
the states of the nation, yet much
of it remains practically un
used for commerce. The reasons
for this fact are many. One
is that the work done by the national
government at least has not been based
upon a definite and continuous plan.
Appropriations by congress, instead of
assuring the steady progress and time
ly completion of each piece of work as
it was undertaken, have been irregular
and uncertain. As a direct conse
quence, far-reaching plans have been
discouraged and continuity in execu
tion has been made impossible. It is
altogether unlikely that better results
will be obtained so long as the method
is followed of making partial appro
priations at irregular intervals for
works which should never be under
taken unless it is certain that they can
be carried to completion within a def
inite and reasonable time. Planned
and orderly development is essential
to the best use of every natural re
source, and to none more than to the
best use of our inland waterways it
has been conspicuously absent. Be
cause such foresight was lacking, the
interests of our rivers have been in
fact overlooked, in spite of the im
mense sums spent upon them. It is
evident that their most urgent need is
a farsighted and comprehensive plan,
dealing not with navigation alone, nor
with irrigation alone, but considering
our inland waterways as a whole, and
with reference to every use to which
they can be put. The central motive
of such a plan should be to get from
the streams of the United States not
only the fullest but also the most per
manent service they are capable of
rendering to the nation as a whole.
"The industries developed under the
stimulus of the railroads are for the
most part permanent industries, and
therefore they form the basis for fu
ture development. But the railroads
have shown that they alone cannot
meet the demands of the country for
transportation, and where this is true
the rivers should begin to supplement
the railroads, to the benefit of both,
by relieving them of certain of the less
profitable classes of freight. The more
farseeing railroad men, I am glad to
tell you, realize this fact, and many
of them have become earnest advo
cates of the improvement of the Mis
sissippi, so that it may become a sort
of inland seaboard, extending from the
gulf far into the interior, and I hope
ultimately to the Great Lakes. An in
vestigation of the proposed Lakes-on-
the-Gulf deep waterway is now in pro
gress under an appropriation of the
last congress. We shall await its re
sults with the keenest interest. The
decision is obviously of capital im
portance to our internal development
and scarcely less so in relation to ex
ternal commerce."
The president spoke of other plans
of the development of internal naviga
tion, relating to the Columbia, the
Sacramento and the San Joaquin val
leys and of the work the government
had undertaken in the reclamation of
arid lands and the conservation of the
forests.
In connection with his remarks upon
the construction of the Panama canal
he again urged an increase of the
strength of the navy. The address
was closed with a restatement of his
views regarding government control of
the corporations especially the rail
roads and the purpose of the adminis
tration to continue the prosecution of
the latter for violation of the laws.