THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: MONDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 16, 1899

7

CHARLES B. BOOTHE & CO.
MINING AND MILLING MACHINERY
RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.

Mines and Mining

PERU AND HER MINERALS.
Paper Read By Manuel Elguera at Salt
Lake Mining Congress.
(Concluded from Yesterday.)
As a result of these geological
changes it transpires that Peru is the
richest territory of the earth in its
mineral deposits. The coast is rich in
petroleum, silver, gold, copper, coal,
sulphur, salt, nitrate, lime (carbonate
and gypsum), magnesia, alum and bo
rax. The sierra is undoubtedly the re
gion of greatest wealth in minerals and
precious metals; for there are found in
greatest abundance, and of large range,
silver, gold, copper, lead, cobalt, cin
nabar, antimony, coal, salt, iron, nickel,
marble, arsenic, sulphur, alum and pe
troleum. In the montana gold wash
ings and gold mining are the special
features; there also are found emer
alds, rubies, turquoises and diamonds,
the jewels with which the Incas adorn
ed their persons.
Gold is found in every part of Peru.
In the maritime Andes, where the rocks
are of a crystalline character, gold is
found in veins of quartz, which are in
truded into the granite and syenite.
This auriferous quartz is accompanied
by oxide of iron and mica, which pre
sent very considerable variations. It
is also often accompanied by other
minerals, as carbonate of lime of a
laminar structure, and limonite of a
resinous appearance. It is sometimes
discerned in copper minerals and in
those mixed with chalk, copper pyrites,
malachite, atacamite and silicate of
copper. In the aqueous deposits of the
sierra, veins of gold are found not only
in crystalline earths, but also in meta
morphic rocks, such as quartzite and
slaty schist, intruding themselves into
the sedimentary and eruptive forma
tions. In these veins the gold is in a
pure state, as well as in pyrites, sul
phuret of iron and other metallic sul
phurets, more or less auriferous, cop
per pyrites, panabase, bournonite, ga
lena, jamesonite, etc. In all the An
dean ranges gold is found in veins and
threads, and in the alluvial districts of
the puna, in flakes and grains, deposits
known in the language of the coun
try as 'rebosaderos' (overflow pockets),
'aventaderos' (wind drifts), and 'lava
deros' (washings). In the montana
gold is usually found in the quartz
veins injected into talc and clay slate
by the upheaval of crystalline rocks.
This quartz is white, though occasion
ally exhibiting oxide of iron, but not
in the same abundance as the coast
districts. It sometimes shows grains
of mispickel or arsenical pyrites. In
the valleys of some of the streams at
the head of the Amazon a great many
nuggets have been found.
Silver mining was the greatest in
dustry of Peru. Like copper, it is
found in its greatest abundance in the
maritime Andes.
Lead is of course a profitable in
dustry where there is so much silver.
Most veins of galena contain silver
enough to pay all the expenses of min
ing. Copper is found in Cajamarca and
Recuay, Lambayeque and many other
places. Cinnabar exists in the sierra,
in Huancavelica, Ayacucho, Puno and
Piura. Tin is found in the gold depos
its of Peru. Enormous beds of sul
phur of extraordinary richness, analyz
ing 99 per cent in purity, is found at
Tumbez, in the northern borders of the
republic, and at Arequipa and Moque
gua in the south. Gypsum is found all
over the coast desert of the northern
department of Peru. Limestone is
found all over the country. Coal is dis
tributed generously in the coast range
and in the sierra. Salt is an important
article of commerce and exportation.
Asphaltum has been mined for more
than a century in the region of Ama-
pes, on the Rio Chira. Petroleum
bids fair to be a source of immense
wealth in Peru, compensating for the
loss of her guano and nitrate deposits.
So far as yet investigated, the petro
leum beds of Piura cover an area of
some nine square miles, but, however, as
this is of some 500 square miles
of precisely the same geological char
acter, it is easy to assume that petro
leum will be found under that entire
area. In the southern part of the de
partment near Sechura, petroleum is
found with natural gas.
—Mining and Metallurgical Journal.

USEFUL FOR MINERS.
The following table will give infor
mation of value to miners and others
who may want to know how many
miners' inches of water they will re
quire to have a certain head of water
for a certain size nozzle:

Head.
Feet. 2-in 2½-in 3-in 4-in 5-in
100 80 125 185 322 500
150 100 155 225 400 625
200 115 180 260 460 715
250 130 200 290 515 800
300 140 220 320 536 880
350 150 240 345 610 950
400 160 255 365 650 1000

Globe Silver Belt.

MINING NOTES.
John Bingham, one of the A. C. com
pany's foremen, met with a painful
(though not serious) accident last Fri
day, says the Clifton Era. He was
caught in a belt and thrown about
twelve feet, receiving several bruises
and a cut in the arm.

An assay made on some of the ore
from the W. J. Bryan mine which is
situated about two miles east of the
Horse Shoe group, in the Lone Star
mining district, went 3,710 ounces sil
ver, present value, $2,151.80, says the
Gila Gurdian. The owners are do
ing development work and expect to
soon commence shipping.

R. L. Powell has stopped work on the
Standard properties at Gold Hill, says
the Lordsburg Liberal. The ore was
all right, and the mill had been put into
good shape, but the company’s well
was not in good enough condition to
furnish the water necessary for the
mill, and the mill could not be run
without water, so Mr. Powell had to
shut down. The well in former years
furnished enough water for a mill, and
it is probable that if it was put in
proper shape would do so again.

C. W. Maxon, the well known mining
man, was seen by the Clifton Era
scribe at Lordsburg. Mr. Maxon has
been in that section for about two
months and has secured a group of
eighteen valuable claims in the Vir
ginia district several miles south of
Lordsburg. The above district was
worked years ago for silver and lead
and no attention was paid to copper.
It turns out that some of the mines
that had considerable development
work on them are first class copper
properties, running as high as 50 per
cent copper, besides well in silver and
lead. Mr. Maxon's friends here hope
he will succeed in the new copper
camp.

The Ray Mines company filed articles
of incorporation with the county re
corder today. The incorporators are
Alexander Hill, Albert Steinfeld and S.
M. Franklin. The main offices of the
company are located at Kelvin, in Pi
nal county, and in Tucson. The cap
ital stock is given at $100,000, divided
into shares of one dollar each. Tucson
Citizen.

A lot of machinery for the Silver
King mine on Groom creek was ship
ped out to that property yesterday.
Mackin brothers will get it in position
just as soon as possible and will start
work vigorously in the development of
the mine. The mine was a good pro
ducer at the time when it was assailed
by litigation when it was closed down
and has remained idle ever since.
Journal-Miner.

E. C. Betts, who is shipping the onyx
from Red Rock to Paris, was in the
city Friday, says the Lordsburg Lib
eral. He has gone to Silver City and
will go from there to Pueblo, to await
returns on this shipment. If the stone
proves to be as valuable as he thinks
it will be he will return and ship a
carload or so a month regularly. The
freight on the stone from Lordsburg to
Havre, France, is $19 per ton. Of this
sum $15 is paid for railroad freight to
New Orleans and $4 is paid for the
ocean freight between New Orleans
and Havre. The stone is not a true
onyx, but is a fluoride of lime, com
monly called feldspar, but owing to
its peculiar coloring and to the fact
that it takes a beautiful polish it is
expected to prove very valuable in the
market.

H. G. Ross, who is connected with
the Superior mining company, says the
Lordsburg Liberal, came up from El
Paso, bringing several fine mule teams
which are busy hauling ore from the
Superior mine to the depot for ship
ment to El Paso.

James Sterling has sold to B. M. Mc
Whorter the Hoboken mine at Gold
Hill, says the Lordsburg Liberal. Mr.
McWhorter is not going into the min
ing business, but will continue in the
cattle business. The Hoboken is more
famed as water producer than as an
ore producer, and it is for the water
that it is valuable to its purchaser.

The ore body in the Ben Yan mine at
Layne Springs has remained unchang
ed to a depth of sixty feet. The ore
taken from the shaft so far has paid
all expenses. The Messrs. Bowers have
purchased title in conflict with their
property and will push development
from this time on. Mohave Miner.

The Clack brothers have struck ore
in the winze which they are sinking
on the Nighthawk. The streak is small
but as it runs nearly 1,500 ounces sil
ver and one ounce gold it will not take
many tons to make them wealthy. The
boys are the best workers and most
energetic hustlers in the county. Mo
have Miner.

The work of putting down the shaft
at the Pioneer mine, under the man
agement of the United Gold Mining
company is going on day and night.
The ledge shows up better and better
as depth is attained. This promises to
be a valuable property. Globe Silver
Belt.

H. Erickson, a mining engineer for
merly of Albuquerque, says the Citizen
of that place, is at present at Falun
grufva, Sweden, engineer of a copper
mine, which, although not the deepest,
is reputed to be the greatest producer
of copper in the world. The town is
about sixty miles east of the town of
Falun, in central Sweden, and is 1,890
miles nearer to the north pole than
Santa Fe. The summer, however, lasts
seven months. The mine is one mile
from Falun, and is known as the Fal
ugrufva. If all the underground tun
nels were placed end to end they would
be longer than eighteen miles. The
mine is first mentioned in public rec
ords in the year 1288, A. D., but is much
older than that. The oldest privilege
belonging to the mine is from King
Magnus Ericsson, and is dated Febru
ary 24, 1347. The ore contains only 3
per cent copper, but nevertheless the
mine has proved very profitable. In
1881 gold was discovered in the ore, and
at certain places in the mine the ore
runs $50 to $180 in gold. The ore also
contains a high percentage of silver.
Since it was first worked the mine has
produced 500,000 tons of copper, more
than was ever produced from any other
mine on earth, it is claimed.