THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, FRIDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 13, 1911.

PAGE NINE

BOY SCOUT WORK
APPEALS TO MEN

Thousands of men throughout the
country are becoming Boy Scouts.
They do not actually enroll with the
Boy Scouts of America, but they are
going on hikes and, exuberant as
the boys, are engaging in many of the
scout activities. In Baltimore, and
elsewhere, especially, business and professional
men have taken up scouting in
company with their sons and have
aroused the general interest among
other men in the movement. Reports
to the National headquarters show that
in many other cities the same eagerness
among men to get out into the
"wilds" is apparent.
The Boy Scout movement, consequently,
promises to be of help to men.
They take hikes in the woods and their
interest in woodcraft and nature is being
stimulated. In view of the fact
that such men as Ernest Thompson
Seton and Daniel Carter Beard who
have spent years studying the secrets
of the woods still find innumerable
things to interest them, it is apparent
that as men take up scout activities
they will find many things to appeal to
them and to provide healthful outdoor
recreation.
H. Laurence Eddy, Scout commissioner
of Baltimore, originated the
scheme by which many men have taken
up scouting. His idea came in getting
a committee of at least twenty
men interested in the work of each
troop of Boy Scouts. These men are
supposed to supervise the work of the
boys and to keep in touch with the
methods of the Scout master. In Baltimore,
the men became enthusiastic
over scouting and soon many
too wanted to go on hikes with the
boys. The committees chosen with unusual
care contained doctors, lawyers,
professors and business men, all of
whom are experienced in special lines.
The doctors taught first aid to the
boys, the professors lectured to the
boys on geology, the trees and the
birds. But all of this was done in the
course of the hikes and the members
of the committee became so enthusiastic,
that they now want to wear scout
uniforms and to have a badge. It is
apparent that they are having lots of
fun and are entering into the activities
with the zest of the boys.
J. W. H. Beale, Scout master of the
Troop in Hampden, Baltimore, has an
unusually enthusiastic supervisory
committee. There are fifty troops of
Boy Scouts of America in Baltimore
and all of them are backed by committees
of adults who are engaging in
the scout activities. Reports from
Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia, and various
other places show that men are
taking up the Boy Scout activities in
the same spirit.

SECRETARY SUSTAINS
LOCAL LAND OFFICE

Decision Received in the Winkelman-
Stenger Case

The decision of the secretary of the
interior in the case of Barbara
Winkelman versus Ernest Stenger,
conveying an eighty-acre tract of land
adjacent to the holdings of the Ray
Consolidated Company, to which reference
was made the other day by
The Republican, has been received by
the local land office.

Barbara Winkelman applied to
make a homestead entry on the land,
having a preferential right through
having been a squatter on the land
before the township was surveyed.

Prior to the filing of the plat of the
survey Ernest Stenger applied to locate
the land by scrip. A hearing was
held in the local land office to determine
the rights in the premises.

The register and receiver found that
Mrs. Winkelman was a settler at the
time and previous to the application
of Stenger who was acting for the
Ray Consolidated Co., which fact was
sufficient to defeat the scrip entry.
The secretary of the interior decided
that the record showed that there
was sufficient testimony to sustain
the decision of the register and receiver
which had already been sustained by
the commissioner of the land office.
The result will be that Barbara
Winkelman will be permitted to make
her homestead entry and prove up on
the land. The attorneys for Stenger
were F. S. Hildreth and Chalmers
and Wilkinson. The attorneys for
Mrs. Winkelman were M. E. Leverich
and Kibbey, Bennett and Bennett.

Roller skating in excess is declared,
by competent physicians, to hinder the
normal development of the feet in children.
The natural use of the feet develops
them in all directions; roller skating is
only a few.

SEEKS
A CANNIBAL ISLE

among Moslem circles by the
publication of certain articles on
Islam culled from the book called
"Cross and Crescent."

CHIEF WITNESS HAS

Thee are always many things transpiring
in the old world to interest
and instruct Americans; and probably
no more readable account of
these matters can be secured than by
reading the letters sent out by the
Associated Press, the greatest and
most reliable newsgathering agency in
the world. The following Associated
Press letter from London contains
many matters that will interest practically
every one:
An expedition has set out from Oxford
university with its objective a
cannibal isle in the South Seas,
where it expects to spend a year in
studying the habits of the natives.
The party of scientists is headed by
David Jenness, the anthropological expert
of Balliol college. The explorers
will locate on Goodenough Island,
which is situated in the extreme
southeasterly corner of British New
Guinea. Little is known of the interior
of this island, but it has been
asserted that cannibalism is practiced
there on an extensive scale.
Occasionally a government official
pays a visit to the isle, but, being unwilling
to provide the natives with a
banquet, wisely confines his investigations
to the coast line. For this
reason the interior remains unexplored.
One or two attempts have been
made to map the island, but the explorers
have never returned.

Goodenough Island, which is of
volcanic formation, is believed to be
the highest island of its size in the
world. It is forty miles long and
thirty miles across, and its highest
mountain extends 8,000 feet above sea
level.

Another American invasion is now
stirring England. The Kent and Essex
sea fisheries commission reports
that the American limpet is threatening
the oyster industry.

An expert of the board of agriculture
states that on the southeast coast a limpet
of a species hitherto unknown to
British waters has appeared, and he
declares that the invader must have been
imported from America, where it
flourishes in and near oyster beds.

American oyster growers have
no dread of the limpet, the expert
was asked why it was feared here.
He explained that for the short time
it has been here the limpet has spread
with extraordinary rapidity, and there
has been a slight decrease in oysters.
It has therefore been suggested that
in its new environment the limpet
uses the same food as the oyster and
so starves that bivalve. The possibility
of the limpet smothering young
oysters by its clinging habits is also
suggested.

Just aside from the danger to the
oyster from the invasion of the limpet,
scientists are interested in the
immigration, since snails as a rule are
not at all migratory. Natural
causes have fixed the habitat of each.
It is believed that the limpet was
brought here by the oyster proprietors,
who imported new varieties of
American oysters, and concern is
now felt that the least valuable will
survive the struggle for existence.

The agitation against the
importation may result in restrictions on
the planting of American oysters.

It is believed that the limpets came over
with the oysters, as no one
deliberately plants them with
the oysters.

The agitation against the
importation may result in restrictions on
the planting of American oysters.

Among the exhibits for the new
London Museum classified last month
were the historical costume collection
which almost fell into the hands of
the Metropolitan Museum of New
York. This magnificent exhibit has
for its nucleus the splendid Seymour
Lucas collection for which the authorities
of the American institution had
been negotiating. The series comprises
three or four hundred costumes
dating from the fourteenth century to
the present day.
Among the costumes are the coronation
robes of five sovereigns:
Queen Victoria, Queen Alexandra,
Queen Mary, King Edward VII, and
George V. The Elizabethan and Jacobean
periods are marked by some
exquisite costumes and the commonwealth
is recalled by a number of
beautiful silver-embroidered leather
coats.
The classifying is being done by
Guy Laking, the King's Armorer at
Kensington Palace, in the room in
which Queen Anne died. It is said
that the queen died of smallpox, and
the classifiers are hoping that all
the germs have died of old age. The
centerpiece of the new museum,
which was the idea of King George
and for which he has granted the
use of Kensington Palace, is part of
a Roman galley, the only remains of
these ancient ships known to exist.
The remains were found under several
feet of Thames mud, when excavations
were made for the new council
hall. The timbers are of oak
which had swollen immensely from
centuries' immersion in the mud, but
which shrank when exposed to the
air.

The Nationalist press in Cairo is
again raising a cry against the American
mission in Egypt, and is calling
upon the government to repress
by force the Christianizing of Moslem
lads.

El Alam, the official organ of the
Nationalist party, accuses the missionaries
of Christianizing Moslem
lads and concealing them from their
parents. The journal describes the
American mission as "ejecting venom
wherever it goes and committing horrible
crimes, separating son from
father, brother from brother, and kidnapping
little children."
The Egyptian Gazette points out
that if the missionaries had really
been guilty of kidnapping children,
they could be brought to book very
easily through the courts, but no
serious attempt has been made to
prove the charge.
It will be recalled that last year
the mission suppressed its review "El
Murshid" on account of the feeling
that had unwittingly been provoked.

CORRIS BACK FROM
OLD WORLD TRAVELS

Mrs.
Dorris Now in Mississippi, Their
Daughters in the East.

J. V. Dorris returned home yesterday
from his summer tour in Europe
on which he was accompanied by
Mrs. Dorris and their two daughters,
the Misses Ruth and Hema. They
crossed the water both ways on the
Mauretania and had delightful voyages,
it was the first visit of the
family to Europe and of course it was
one continuous moving picture of life
and activity, new and novel to the
travelers.

They spent a great deal of time in
England, naturally a place of great
interest to Americans and were among
thousands from this side the water
who witnessed the coronation of King
George. Mr. Dorris was struck with
the pomp and pageantry of the British
empire and was also quite impressed
with the loyalty of the people,
though there were many things that
demonstrated to him that the people
were less satisfied with their form of
government than are their racial
brethren in America. He was particularly
observant of the large number
of people who live in an atmosphere
of poverty and whose human conditions
are written on their faces and
apparent in their clothes.

The Misses Ruth and Hema stopped
in Washington on the way home, and

figured recently in contempt proceedings
here for refusing to answer
questions propounded in the grand jury
room, wanted him to become a railroad
worker.
He started to enter railroad employment,
but later went into a quarry
in Milwaukee and afterward worked
at a foundry there. Then he
removed to Melrose Park, a suburb of
Chicago, and worked for a copper
concern.
McManigal fell in love with his
wife while she was visiting his relatives
in Milwaukee, and married her
May 5, 1901. After his marriage he
became an iron worker, and joined
Local Union No. 5 in Milwaukee, in
1903.
He worked at his trade in Louisville,
Milwaukee, Chicago and other cities,
then left the ranks of the iron
workers to join his father and half
brother in the saloon business in Tiffin.
But he had trouble there with
his half-brother and sold out his liquor
interest.
That was in 1900, and he remained
in Tiffin working in the iron trade,
until his self-alleged connection with
the McNamaras.
Of a reckless nature, McManigal
earned the sobriquet "dare-devil," by
feats of agility on the towering skeletons
of skyscrapers. In Chicago,
while working on the tallest buildings,
he would leap off the top story to
catch a beam being swung upward
by the derrick.
When he was a small boy, Mc
Manigal fell off a wagon, and a
wheel passing over him, severely injured
his head, he said.

McManigal appears to regard his
coming ordeal as chief witness in
the McNamara trial with as much
unconcern as he does the accidents
of his childhood and his exploits
on the tops of high buildings.
He recently determined to break
with his wife, because he said she
was too active on behalf of the Mc-
Namaras. His only regret in this
connection grows out of the fact that
he believes a break with her means
separation from his children, Harvey,
eight years old, and Walter, aged
six, who were out here with their
mother last July and August, but
who were not permitted to see the
father.

FILL OUT THIS BLANK.
191..
ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, Phoenix, Ariz.
Please order for me, 10 cents herewith to cover
your charges:
Pattern No. Size
Name
Address
NOTE: These patterns are ordered for you from
Chicago and require about 10 days to get them to
you.

For Hotel J.
Francisco; Harry
B. A. Wickham.
H. Shoehan. San
J. Saxon. Nogales:
Bocchest r. N. Y. :
M. Whitlow, Rochester, N. Y.: M.
K. Whitlow, Buckeye: J. G. Ingalis.
Kansas City: R. M. Luce. Denver:
M. S. Ellensten, Cincinnati: T. A.
Tingle. Los Angeles: Ben Shreve,
New York: Mulford Winsor, Yuma:
Jno. S. Williams. Tombstone: J. H.
Heulen. Buckeye: Mrs. J. S. Douglas and
child. Douglas, Ariz.: P. A. Kinkle-
paugh. Kansas City: Theodore Mar
burg, Jr., Tucson; Orval Simpson.

AMUSEMENTS

WIGWAM
The following program will be presented
tonight for the last time at
the Wigwam theater: The Ink
Skirt, or Young as Long as You
Can, a domestic drama. Song, Minnie
McGrath, "All Alone." Rebel Moons,
a beautiful picture that
will meet with the approval of all
who are fortunate enough to see it.
The Two Fugitives, a great western
drama of many exciting events. Illustrated
song. Miss McGrath, "My
Phoebe." Art Industries in Kahlie.
College Sweethearts, a beautiful romance
of every day life.

A MILE PERPENDICULAR.

Many years ago, soon after Joaquin
Miller had settled in his present home
"The Heights," I asked him where he
lived. His reply came promptly: "Three
miles east, one perpendicular!" In that
expression you have a graphic symbolic
statement of Joaquin's mental
habitat. He lives nearer the rising
sun than most people and his normal
dwelling place is "a mile perpendicular."
His nest is on "The Heights;"
his eye far-seeing blue, prophetic, keen,
kind; and his soul attuned, when he
sings to the harmony of the spheres.
George Wharton James in National
Magazine.

A WANING HONEYMOON
PROLONGED
A True Want Ad Storiette

(Copyright, 1911, De Forest Porter.)
The honeymoon had waned.
For honeymoons have a way of waning, and the
rapidity of the waning depends on the purse.
There was a flat in which this particular honeymoon
had been at its full for so long that it was
foolishly expected that it would always keep so, but
now the bride sat in the plush chair and two shining
tears dropped on the pad of paper which she held
on her lap. She was wrapped in a gray cloud of sorrow,
and a bathrobe of the bridegroom's of the
same dull color.
She crossed her bath slippers of bright red and
rested her feet on a hard, cold, unfeeling world.
The pad of paper was like a stone slab in a
country cemetery. It held signs, figures and words.
In English it was the "rent due" the "groceries
due" and a bill for a new hat.
This was what had chilled the world, had opened
the tear fountains and set the honeymoon waning.
"Deary," said the bride, tearfully, "I don't suppose
you've even got the price of a newspaper?"
"Darling," replied the bridegroom, "'tis just the
size of my hank roll. I'll step down to the corner
store and cop one out for my precious tootsy-wootsy
see?"

"Don't stay long now," whispered the little bride.
"I'll be lonesome and you must help me think out
some way to keep this lowly flat, now that that
mean old dragon of a manager has put off that
raise he was going to give you. It's just terrible!
I wouldn't have Emma or Lou or Kitty
know of this for worlds!"

After the usual lengthy farewell befitting a
soldier's starting from home, never to return, the
bridegroom started on his quest for the paper.
When he returned the bride had dried her tears.
She had turned to a fresh leaf on the pad of paper.
It looked as if the honeymoon would wane no
longer.
"Iearst," she said. "Listen; I'm going to put
an ad in the paper to let our spare bedroom. You
know it's such a nice big room, and I ought to get
$7.50 a week for it from two people. Now you
must help me plan the wording of it."
"Sure," said the bridegroom, for he was a model
husband and never argued a point; "give me the
pen and paper."
For five minutes there was silence and then
the wonderful ad was read aloud and "frilled up"
a bit, as the little bride said.
The next day the postman rang the bell of the
flat and called up the tile:
"Say, miss, if you're running a mail-order business
you better rent an office."
"Mean old thing!" said the bride as she gathered
up a pile of mail.
That night the world on which the bride crossed
her red slippers had grown warm to love's young
dream. The day of miracles had not passed. The
honeymoon hung high and at its full. The little
guest room was occupied by two prim school
ma'ams. The bill for the hat was receipted. The
bridegroom looked at the answers to his ad.
"Say, Peacherina," he whispered fondly. "I'm going
to write the manager of that paper that I'm
not running a hotel, but if there's any in the city
needing guests we'll send them the address."