cm 1

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: SATURDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 14, 1899.

CHARLES B. BOOTHE & CO.
MINING and MILLING MACHINERY
RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.

THE PRESIDENT'S BET

According to This Story He Owes
Cartoonist Suit of Clothes.

Mines and Mining

THE WEEK'S PROGRESS.

Many New Mining Locations in Jerome
District.
During the past week nothing of a
startling nature has occurred in min
ing circles in this district, says the
Jerome Mining News. Some mining
men have come in, looked over the
ground and left, always with a favor
able impression of this rich copper dis
trict. In the mines that are being de
veloped renewed activity was noticed
in all of them, the Decatur company
alone being delayed in its work through

the non-arrival of a pulley which is

essential to the working of its new ma
chinery. In the meantime they are
busy renewing some of the timbers in
the frame work of their hoist and per
fecting everything around their work
ings, preparatory to pushing work fast
er than ever when the missing part
arrives. Sinking will be continued in
the shaft.
At the News Superintendent Camp
bell has started a drift north and as it
has been in all the workings of this
promising group, ore is being encoun
tered, and the indications are that the
men who are risking their money in
the development of this group have
made no mistake. This company has
as many men at work as it is possible
to handle to advantage, and their de
velopment work is being done in a
thoroughly business-like manner, as all
work in the district is being done.
At the United Verde Extension group
all work is now being done under con
tract. In the shaft of the 1888 claim
Contractor Mulcaire has three shifts at
work and is sinking in a change of for
mation in which there continues some
streaks of high grade ore. On the Je
rome sinking the shaft and drifting
south therefrom is being continued, as
is the work in the tunnel. There is
much interest being taken in the work
on this group, created by its close
proximity to the great United Verde
mines.
There is a good deal of activity in
the hills among prospectors. During
the week W. M. Gilchrist deeded a
two-thirds interest in two mines in the
Verde district. Edward Beaver locat
ed the West End mine in the Verde
district. G. M. Willard appropriated
all the water in the Cliff spring. This
spring is near the Cliff mine. He also
located the Great Western mine, near
the Cliff. Harry Walters located the
Ella, Lionel, Nettie and Little Harry
mines in the Verde district. These lo
cations are near the Black canyon.
G. W. Hull located Messal mine in this
district and amended location No. 14
mine. Charles Rutledge, J. F. Mullen
and E. J. Parkinson et al located
Dewey mine in Verde district.
The activity in the Jerome-Verde
district is growing—growing fast.

Money is being spent in this district in
a legitimate manner. If there are any
"wildcat" schemes in the Black Hills
they have yet to be discovered.

thls furnace. He has also invented an
oxidizing furnace for base ores and
sulphuric acid furnace. The Val Verde
company may introduce this furnace
in the Agua Fria smelter. Mr. Grogan,
besides being quite an inventive gen
ius, is an expert stone mason, and has
done nearly all the boiler setting in
this section of Arizona for some years
past.
The Columbia Mining company,
which recently purchased eleven claims
from G. W. Hull near Jerome, has let
contracts for 400 feet of development
work. Journal-Miner.
The United Verde Extension com
pany, which is operating the claims ad
joining the United Verde mines, is still
pushing development work. The shaft
in the 1888 mine is now down 240 feet,
while work is also progressing on other
claims. The company has recently let
contracts for over 1,400 feet of develop
ment work.
The mint in Carson is being stripped
of the last evidence of the fact that
it was ever a mint. During the past
ten days a crew of men has been busy
packing up the machinery that turned
out the much-sought-for dollars of our
daddies. Two coining machines were
shipped east some time ago, and at the
present time the third and last ma
chine is dismantled and being crated
for shipment. The milling machine,
and in fact everything that went to
make a mint, has been hauled out of
the big building and is either on the
road to Washington or is being sold off
for junk. The machinery is being
shipped to New Orleans. Carson Ap
peal.
The Journal-Miner is informed that
prospectors recently discovered a large
vein of platinum and aluminum bear
ing clay in the Grand canyon. A chem
ical analysis gave a value to it of $300
per ton in platinum and 28 per cent
aluminum. Several claims have been
located already.
Ellery Bassett of New Bedford,
Mass., is in Arizona in quest of mining
properties, says the Tombstone Pros
pector. He represents a syndicate of
eastern capitalists who are anxious to
invest in Arizona mines. Mr. Bassett
will make a thorough examination of
the mineral resources of the territory,
when he will report to his associates.
H. C. Herrick came in today from
Dos Cabezas. Mr. Herrick is interest
ed in several groups of mines under
bond and the prospects are bright for
a realization of a small fortune. We
are pleased to note, says the Tomb
stone Prospector, that Mr. Herrick's
stick-to-itiveness is about to be re
warded and he is deserving of a golden
harvest. There is much mining ac
tivity at the big gold camp and many
capitalists have their representatives
at this field of promise, eagerly hunt
ing for some of the mining opportuni
ties offered. That Dos Cabezas will
shortly be one of the big gold produc
ing camps of the territory there is no
question. The mineral is there and
capital is beginning to find it out.
o

[Story on President’s Bet continues unchanged—end of corrected excerpt.]