3

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: THURSDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 27, 1901.

Mines and Minerals of Arizona

The Western Mining World does not
hesitate to place mining as the chief
industry of the west, and emphasizes
its position by frequent reiteration of
the fact in one way or another. All
other industries are referred to as in
cidental to the development of the
unsold mineral wealth of the west,
though, of course, their importance is
not minimized. In its latest issue that
journal says:—
"Those who have studied the re
sources and possibilities of the west
realize fully that agriculture, as it will
be worked out on the irrigated lands,
is but an incident of the gigantic pro
duction of which the west is capable,
and the possibilities of which are to
day really so little known. The min
eral resources of the arid region are
so vast, including the great production
of oil, which is now beginning to be
developed, that agriculture will be
more a stimulus to mining development
than anything else. In the arid west,
where living and transportation as a
rule are expensive, only the compara
tively high grade ores can be profit
ably worked. The tremendous mining
resources of the country can never be
fully developed without cheap food
and cheap transportation, and these
the west will never have until it has
irrigation. Nothing could possibly ben
efit the east more than the develop
ment of the wealth of the western
mines."

PENA BLANCA MINES
Sold Last Week to the Buena Vista
Company.

Some few weeks ago when Dr. John
Wix Thomas, Judge A. Elliott, Frank
N. Cox and John S. Hurst planked
down the "usurper" and got a deed to
the Buena Vista gold mine in the
Patagonia hills, a thrill of enthusiasm
swelled the bosoms of local mining
men, says the Nogales Vidette. The
men who put in their money said noth
ing, but they nursed an immense infant
of faith. Quietly work was extended,
but at the same time the eagle eye of
Frank Cox and the business tact of C.
N. Thomas were together to the busi
ness windward. They slept peacefully
but one at a time. The unquestioned
business eye was on the Buena Vista
ground, and at the same time in the
Pajaritos to the west. The Pena
Blanca group, half of which belonged
to John Maloney, struck their eye. Mr.
Harlow owned an interest. Last Sat
urday that interest was transferred on
a cash payment to the Buena Vista
people. Yesterday an executive ses
sion was held at one of the banks in
this city where stacks of United States
currency taller than the combined hats
at a Methodist conference were the
central points of view. The indomit
able Frank Cox and Thomas were con
spicuous features, and when the great
"wall of dough" left their hands John
S. Hurst coolly remarked that the
Buena Vista people owned the Pena
Blanca group of mines, and the cashier
of the bank was so nonplussed with the
rapid separation of men and so much
money that he called for a "pink pill
for pale people." The Vidette took on
some of the prevailing paralysis and
did not count the "wonderful wad" be
cause it extended into thousands greatly
beyond the ken of ordinary news
paper people.
It is a common thing for newspaper
men to witness "hot air" mining deals,
but when they brush up against deals
where twenty dollar bills are handled
with the same ease that a city park
coquette would thwart the gentle pres
sure of a falling leaf, there is a shock
known only to men in the "profesh."
In all this migration of money Cox
and Thomas were cooler than the pro
verbial cucumber.
"This is just what we wanted a long
time ago," said Mr. Cox to the Vidette.
"Our Buena Vista group in the Patago
nias has more than answered our ex
pectations, and now that we have the
Pena Blanca group in the Pajaritos our
satisfaction is greatly increased."
It appears that Cox, Thomas and
Hurst have been for a long time "hunt
ing" the Pena Blanca group, and the
consummation of the deal has made
them happy.
It is understood that the men who
are interested in the Buena Vista com
pany are also interested in the Pena
Blanca purchase, but possibly another
company will be organized.
The new purchase has been a big
paying proposition, both in the line of
shipment and concentration for more
than three years. It is a lead and sil
ver fixture of immense volume and easy
production. It is the intention to put
on a big force at once to push work,
the development period having passed.
Reduction works will be put up as rap
idly as machinery can be put on the
grounds.

AROUND WILLCOX.
The Copper Belle is now shipping ore
regularly and is pushing things in
general.
The Peabody wants 100 Mexican
miners. That company is after the ore
in earnest.
Burt Dunlap is now getting ready to
ship ore. It does one good to see the
lights at night time at the Good Hope
mine from Cochise. It reveals activity.
The Consolidated started up again
last Monday after a shut down of a
couple of months. The new machinery
arrived last week and was put in place.
There seems now to be no question
but that within the next sixty days de
velopments will take place proving con
clusively that the Consolidated is one
of the great copper mines of Arizona.
Range News.

MINING NOTES.
The Sabino Oil and Development
company this morning shipped an oil
drill and derrick to its property at
the foot of the Catalina mountains near
the entrance to Sabino canyon, says
the Citizen. They have 1140 acres of
oil land taken up. An expert from Los
Angeles is in charge of the drilling and,
assisted by six men, he will put down a
600-foot hole. The country around
shows strong evidences of oil and the
formations indicate that the chances for
success are good. J. W. Ford, Sr., is
president of the company, and Justice
L. S. Wilson is secretary. Judge Wil
son yesterday visited the property and
located some additional oil land in his
own name.
Although, in a sense, gold may be said
to be imperishable and from its value
and utility is very carefully preserved,
yet the annual loss of gold by use in the
arts and in wear and tear is simply
enormous. The gold coins in circula
tion are constantly losing in weight.
Immense quantities of the precious
metal are used for watch cases and
jewelry, as well as in gilding and or
namenting thousands of articles of
taste and luxury. The gold leaf used
in many arts, the chloride of gold as
applied to photography, are uses of the
metal that mean irrevocable loss, while
in dentistry, which is a most effectual
method of its burial, thousands of oun
ces per year are consumed. Large
sums are lost by shipwrecks in con
veying coin or bullion from place to
place, while the hoarding common to
many people, especially in India and
the countries where life and property
are continually in jeopardy, means the
disappearance of vast sums yearly.
Hence the difficulty, or more properly
speaking, the impossibility of knowing
the actual amount or value of gold ex
isting in the world, either coined, man
ufactured or in the form of bullion.
Mining and Engineering Review.
J. Edward Owen of Albuquerque, N.
M., came in town yesterday. He is
stopping at the San Xavier, where his
father, J. P. Owen, has been staying
during his sojourn in Tucson. Mr.
Owen is connected in the mining busi
ness in the vicinity of Tucson. Star.
Chas. R. Fleming came in from the
Narragansett copper mine yesterday.
Mr. Fleming says that they have en
countered a fine lode of ore in the
cross cut. The Daniels Green company
is operating this property. Star.
S. A. Parnell, who was until recently
superintendent of the Old Dominion
company at Globe, but who recently
has been at Calumet, Michigan, is ill
in bed. Mr. Parnell has been out to
the camp expertlng some proposition
there. Star.
Quite an important strike is reported
to have been made in the Silver Reef
mine in Groom Creek district. The
ledge is three feet wide and six inches
of it averages 300 ounces in silver. Ore
is being taken out for shipment.
Journal-Miner.
There is evidence of oil being devel
oped within a few miles of Tucson,
says the Star, and that in a very short
time. Work has already begun, ma
chinery for boring will be on the
ground in a few days. Do not be sur
prised if you hear of a spouter within
twenty miles of Tucson within the next
thirty or sixty days.
Col. Greene, the copper prince of
Arizona, has caused another sensation.
Says the Star, he has purchased an
automobile for the sum of $15,000 which
he will bring to Arizona for his person
al use. It will travel thirty-five miles
an hour. Greene is bound to lead, no
matter what it costs. A machine that
costs that much money ought to travel
at least 100 miles an hour.
Frank M. Pool, who keeps the general
store at Shultz, came in Tuesday with
his two children to see the circus, says
the Citizen. Mr. Pool stated that the
work being done by the Eureka De
velopment company on claims bonded
by him, has progressed rapidly and the
company now has two 300-foot tunnels
in the hill. S. R. Parnell, a mining en
gineer, representing the Calumet
(Ari.) company, is now on the
ground. He is not very favorably im
pressed with the property, and it will
depend somewhat on his report what
work will be done in the future.
The Pearl Mining company, oper
ating a mile or so north of the Consol
idated at Dos Cabezas, has struck it
rich, says the Bisbee Review. Two
weeks ago we reported that they had
a five-foot vein of copper, silver and
gold, assaying $60 per ton. This is an
error. The vein is five feet across and
carries principally gold, and averages
$80 per ton. An extra force of men will
be put on and further development
work pushed with all possible speed.
Frank Hilig, acting superintendent
of the Condon mines, who has been in
the city for the past few days, will re
turn in the morning. He is enthusi
astic about the proposed railroad up
the San Pedro river valley and he be
lieves it will be the making of the
mineral field in which the Condon mines
are located. They will resume opera
tions as soon as the new superintendent
and the necessary supplies reach the
York. Citizen.
Dave Shoemaker left yesterday for
Tombstone after spending a few days
in our city. Dave has just returned
from the San Jose mountains in Sonora,
where he and John Montgomery are
interested in a promising gold property.
They are figuring on putting a number
of men to work during the next few
weeks. Bisbee Review.
John Reese is in town. He recently
visited the Copper King mining group
on Copper creek. This group is being
steadily developed by Colin Timmons
and is showing up splendidly. At a
depth of 100 feet there is four feet of
9 per cent copper ore and from twenty
to thirty feet of good smelting ore.
Courier.
John Roberts is in from the Boulder
creek, Eureka district section of coun
try, with some fine samples of copper
ore from Rodkin & Savage's Vulcan
group of mines, says the Courier. They
are fairly glistening with native copper
and come from a mass of copper veins
400 feet wide. The group is located
three miles below the old Hillside mine.
On Copper creek John Lenman is get
ting together a lot of ore from his Cop
per Glance mine to ship to the Val
Verde smelter. His first class ore car
ries 45 per cent copper; second class,
25 per cent copper. He has a stratified
deposit of copper ore 35 feet wide.

GROOM CREEK AND VICINITY.
Name of Postoffice Suggested by the
Government is Repudiated.

The Journal-Miner editor has paid
his first visit to Groom Creek city. It
is picturesquely located among the
pines on the banks of the stream bear
ing the above name and on the edge of
the mining district of the same name.
The latter is one of the richest districts
in the county and present indications
are that in the near future there will be
enough men at work in that district
to maintain quite a large town. Just
before reaching Groom Creek city the
visitor passes through Williamspot,
situated at the junction of the Senator
road and the Groom Creek road, and
just this side of Mike Hermann’s place.
This village was pioneered by Gus Wil
liams, who built a wayside inn there,
and has been joined now by several
neighbors, some of whom have entered
into competition with him.
On the town site of Groom Creek city
five or six buildings have been erected,
while on mining claims owned by Mr.
Riley adjoining the town site, are as
many more, one of which is occupied by
Mr. and Mrs. Riley and is used for a
store and hotel. The postoffice, of
which Mrs. Riley is postmistress, is
also located in this building. Mrs.
Riley is an energetic woman, attending
to the store and postoffice as well as the
hotel.
Speaking of the difficulties encount
ered in getting the postoffice perma
nently named, Mrs. Riley told the Jour
nal-Miner man that the insinuations
that they had anything to do with hav
ing the name changed from Groom
Creek to Oakdale were unfounded. She
says the papers were sent in with
Groom Creek as the name of the post
office. The postoffice authorities have
for some time been averse to establish
ing new offices with two words and of
their own motion changed the name to
Oakdale. This name was met with ob
jections on account of the confusion
created, and application for a change
back to that in the original petition for
the postoffice. This application has
been granted and Mrs. Riley has for
warded a new bond with Groom Creek
instead of Oakdale inserted in it, and
upon its approval the official change
will be made, and as in other instances
in this section, the name will probably
appear as one word—Groomcreek.