THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: WEDNESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 18.

CHARLES B.

MINING and MILLING MACHINERY

. . .
RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
LOS ANGELES. CALIFORNIA.

Mines and Mining

ARIZONA.
The Best Mining Country in the
World.
Arizona is the best and most exten
sive mineral belt in the world, says the
Prospect, the successor of Pick and
Drill. Take the number of square
miles within her borders, and then
take the same number of square miles
in any other state, territory or locality
in America, or in the wide, wide
world: then compare them, and Ari
zona will stand pre-eminent. No such
copper veins anywhere else; no such
silver and gold veins anywhere else;
no such lead veins anywhere else; but
they are as yet undeveloped. Why?
Simply because the superficial writers
and observers have pleased themselves
and sought to please their readers by
ignorance and ridicule. It is easier to
write "desert," "centipede" and "Gila
monster," than it is to prospect, see
and know. The Eastern "tenderfoot"
and newspaper correspondent, who
never traveled one mile, except on a
stage-coach or a railroad, knows as
little about the mineral resources of
Arizona as the man on this planet
knows about the mineral resources of
the planet Mars.
But what do practical mining men
say after careful investigation? They
all declare that Arizona is the mineral
belt of the world.
What do we read from the pen of
Baron Humboldt, the world-renowned
scientist and explorer? He says: "The
mineral wealth of the world will yet
be found in Arizona."
What has development proved? It
proves that Arizona has the largest
and the best silver and gold mines, and
the largest and the best copper mines
in the world. In no state or territory
have the mines paid for their own de
velopment as in Arizona.
Until recently, Arizona had no rail
roads in, through or to her mining
camps, nor did she have a custom
smelter within her borders. The situ
ation in the past was: The savage
wild man at the mine to harass, hinder
and murder; from 100 to 300 miles by
pack animal and wagon to railroad,
and then a thousand miles to the smel
ter. To develop, operate and make
mines pay under such disadvantages
was a tiresome task; it never was done
anywhere else except in Arizona, and
could not have been accomplished here
if it had not been for the fact that rich
ores are found here nearer the surface
than any place on earth.
What is the present environment?
A climate unsurpassed; the savage
man is gone, and gone forever; the
railroads are now here; the custom
smelter is now here; the vastness in
size and richness of the ores and min
eral veins are now proven; Arizona
has timber and wood, water and cli
mate, iron and lime for fluxes, and ores
enough to engage thousands of men
for hundreds of years.
Only a few years ago less than $100
a ton ore was thrown into the waste
dump, but now, with the modern
methods of mining and concentration,
$8 and $10 ore is successfully and pro
fitably mined and concentrated.
RIDER HAGGARD TURNED MINER
The figures given in the following
dispatch from Vancouver, B. C, to the
St. Louis Globe-Democrat are, no
doubt, slightly expansive, but apart
from that the item itself is of interest:
H. Rider Haggard left this morning
(Sept. 14) for the Atlin gold fields with
Lord Ernest Hamilton. The noted
English writer is traveling incognito,
and while here succeeded in keeping
his identity secret. Rider Haggard
has evidently gone into mining, as he
has succeeded in interesting Lord
Hamilton and other capitalists in
quartz claims in Atlin, said to be the
biggest free milling properties in the
world, one of the claims being 1,000 feet
wide. Rider Haggard, Lord Hamilton
and others have purchased these claims
from "Sailor Bill" Partridge for $500,
000 and will spend $250,000 in the erec
tion of the second largest stamp mill
on the American continent. "Sailor
Bill," who sold the claims, was a few
months ago a poor American sailor,
but is today a millionaire."
MINING NOTES.
M. J. Nugent left the first part of
the week for the King of Arizona mine,
where he will reside in the future, hav
ing opened up a store and boarding
house at that promising camp. Yuma
Sentinel.
Ed Sass came down from the Laguna
placer mines yesterday after supplies.
He reports development work progress
ing satisfactorily. Yuma Sentinel.
Colonel T. W. Brooks returned yes
terday from Laguna where he is devel
oping some placer claims. As far as
work has progressed gold has been
found in sufficient quantities to insure
wealth, nuggets the size of marbles be
ing frequently found. Yuma Sentinel.
C. J. McNulty was in town Thursday
from his mining work on Copper creek,
Hassayampa district. He says devel
opment work progresses in fine shape,
and that the claims he represents will
be making a record for themselves.
Prescott Prospect. 

The operators of the Emporia mine
on Groom creek are having a test run
of 100 tons made by A. J. Pickrell and
upon the results of this run doubtless
will be based plans for continued and
extensive development of this well
known producer. Prescott Prospect.
The Till Co. continues with the suc
cessful operation of the Storm Cloud
mine and mill, and but for the scarcity
of water, which forces a partial shut
down of the mill, would be making an
unusually fine output these days, as the
mine's production now is of first class
grade. Prescott Prospect.
With the mining interests of Yava
pai county at present one of the most
pressing needs, admittedly, is more
water, and especially is this so in the
development of milling enterprises.
But when this objection is urged, says
the Prescott Prospect, we will just
now whisper a prediction that the
greater depth so essential to make our
mines really great and profitable pro
ducers will also to a material degree
obviate the difficulties of the water
question. Investors may well make a
note of this, to recall in time how per
fectly the prediction will come true.
J. B. Cleveland was in from Pine
Flats Thursday and reports first rate
progress in development of his Cum
berland group of claims, says the Pres
cott Prospect. He is now down 120
feet with the main shaft, and is cer
tainly justified in his enthusiasm over
the steady improvement in both grade
and volume of the ore body as depth is
gained. The pay streak now averages
over two feet, carrying two classes; the
first showing results as high as $190
gold per ton, and the second grade re
turning $25 to $50 per ton. He says
every indication points to a continuous
increase in extent of the ore chute as
water level is approached, and it is cer
tainly as favorable a condition as could
be asked for in the opening up of the
mine.
THE POWER OF AUTHORITY.
The Lack of Respect for It Causes Po
litical Crimes Without Number.
The authority of the state is as sa
cred in its own place as the authority
of the home, and that nation which
above all personal and individual
rights holds the law of the land and
the government of the nation in the
highest esteem is the nation which will
insure its final prosperity. And yet
there are those, and they are not in
small number, in this and other lands,
who rebel against the constituted au
thority of their government, and at
the same time consider themselves
good citizens. European rulers have
been assassinated, two attempts have
been made upon the life of
England's queen and in our
country Presidents Lincoln and
Garfield were foully murdered.
And what was the primary cause of
these terrible tragedies? Nothing
more nor less than lack of respect for
constituted authority. And there are
those today who while perhaps they
will not resort to such deeds of vio
lence, nevertheless have a hatred of
the government of the nation, because,
forsooth, the political party which
they favor does not happen to be in
power. With such people, no matter
what the chief executive of the nation
does, it is wrong. No matter how
carefully political affairs, the affairs
of the nation, are planned and manag
ed, the whole government in their
opinion (anything but a humble opin
ion, by the way) consists of a set of
thieves, robbers, money-grabbers, and
the like, who are only at the seat of
government with the one intention of
seeing what they can make out of
their term of office. In some cases
this may be more or less true, but if it
is, it certainly does not excuse any
loyal and patriotic citizen of this
great republic from being bound to pay
his meed of homage and respect to the
constituted authority of the govern
ment of his country. Donohoe's Mag
azine.
NO MONUMENT TO DICKENS.
London Would Erect One to Him. But
the Novelist's Will Prevents It.
The suggestion has been made that
a monument to Charles Dickens should
be erected in one of the public places
of this city. It is not at all likely that
the proposal, however warmly it might
be supported by the English people,
will ever be carried into effect, for any
such scheme of perpetuation would be
in direct opposition to the expressed
wish of the novelist, who desired by
his work alone to live in the hearts of
his countrymen. The will of Charles
Dickens, from which the following
lines are taken, very clearly expressed
the master's wishes:
"I conjure my friends, on no account,
to make me the subject of any monu
ment, memorial or testimonial, what
ever. I rest my claims to the remem
brance of my country upon my pub
lished works and to the remembrance
of my friends upon their experience of
me in addition thereto."
To this wish the members of the fam
ily have always given the strongest ad
herence and have already discounte
nanced any attempt to set the provis
ion of the will at naught.
Some years ago Edwin Curch, a gift
ed American sculptor, completed in
marble a full-length portrait figure of
the novelist, with Little Nell looking
upward to the face of her creator. This
charming group the sculptor offered to
the London county council for erection
in some suitable place in London, but
owing to the attitude of the family,
who, out of respect to the wishes of the
novelist, refused to countenance the
movement, the offer was declined.
London Mail.
o
DOES THIS STRIKE YOU?
Muddy complexion, nauseating
breath come from chronic constipation.
Karl's Clover Root Tea is an absolute
cure and has been sold for fifty years
on an absolute guarantee. Price 25
cents and 50 cents. Dr. G. H. Keefer,
Druggist.

HE DID NOT FOLLOW COPY.

The Printer's Joke Resulted in the
Beggar's Arrest.
James Connors, a lower town char
acter, who can beg, peddle pencils,
clean cuspidors and steal, has for sev
eral weeks been making a specialty of
begging. His method has been to "jig
ger" his arm, appear lame and pass out
to persons in street cars small cards
containing four or five verses headed
"A Beggar's Appeal." It is understood
that the recipient of the so-called ap
peal will give to the author whatever
he cares to give.
Three or four days ago Connors ran
out of cards. His business had been
exceptionally good. He went to a
printer on lower Main street, and left
an order for five hundred cards, giving
the printer one of the originals as a
copy. Two of the verses read as fol
lows:
Many a bright, good hearted fellow,
Many a noble minded man,
Finds himself in water shallow,
Then assist him if you can.
Do your best for one another,
Making life a pleasant dream,
Help a worn and crippled brother,
Pulling hard against the stream.
Armed with a supply of these things,
Connors, made buoyant by the pros
pects for good business and a good
drunk, set out last evening to pick up
some money. He selected the Lacka
wanna railway station as the scene of
operations. He passed through the
waiting room, handing a card to each
of the kind looking men and women
he saw, and, a few moments later, re
traced his steps with his hand out
stretched. One man laughed at him;
a woman sneered and handed back the
card, and a young man said to Con
nors:
"Some one ought to strap you to the
tail end of a railway train with your
head hanging down and start the
train."
Connors allowed this slur to pass un
answered and moved on to the street to
make an effort at solving the secret of
his ill luck. Hitherto persons had giv
en liberally on reading his appeal. Now
they snickered or sneered. He decided
to try again amid other surroundings.
So, entering a saloon in Main street,
near Perry street, he gave one of the
cards to a lakeman, who appeared to
be prosperous. The lakeman read it,
looked Connors over from head to foot.
"You look it," he said emphatically.
"Every word of it's true, sir," re
turned Connors, plaintively.
Whereupon the lakeman seized Con
nors by the neck and dragged him to
ward the door. Connors objected to
the treatment and resisted. He was
arrested by Patrolman Carr of the
First precinct just as he was emerging
from the door in advance of the lake
man. When he was searched at the
station house about fifty cards were
found on him. This is the way they
read:
Many a bright, good hearted lobster,
Many a dirty, low born bloke,
Has 'trun' the guys that put him wise,
And become a top-notch soak.
I haven't worked in fifteen years,
And I'm a healthy, husky man.
I'm a lying lout who's always out
For the price to chase the can.
I'm a worthless, shiftless, drunken bum
And a thief from hat to shoes.
I never spent a blooming cent
For anything but booze.
You know what it is to be a bum,
To your pals you should be kind, sir,
Recall your woes and frisk your clothes
And hand me what you find, sir.
When Connors was asked by the desk
sergeant if he could read and write he
said he could not do so. He was locked
up on a charge of vagrancy. Buffalo
Express.
LETTER THAT WENT ASTRAY.
Bride's Loss of Congratulations
From Some Boys in the Trenches.
Congressman Julius Kahn has given
the postoffice a special commission to
find a wedding present that has gone
astray. It is just a letter to Mrs.
Kahn, but it was written in the
trenches at Manila and would be more
prized than something of intrinsic
worth. It was from some boys in one
of the companies of the California reg
iment, and they wondered that Mrs.
Kahn, who had taken so much interest
in them, had never acknowledged the
best remembrance they could send her
at that time. When they returned to
California Mrs. Kahn was among the
first to greet them, and the boys soon
learned that their message had never
reached her.
Mrs. Kahn, for several years before
her marriage, was a teacher in the
Lowell High school. Many of her pu
pils passed out into the world and she
heard but little of them, but one day,
when the men were in camp at the Pre
sidio prior to sailing for the Philip
pines, she saw about half a company of
young men who had been in her
classes. With the former solicitude for
their welfare, she said, "Boys, I do not
like to see you go," but she had no fur
ther protest to make when they re
minded her of the lessons of patriotism
she had taught them. When these sol
dier boys were in Manila they heard
of her marriage to Congressman Kahn,
and it was then that the round-robin
letter that has gone astray was writ
ten. San Francisco Chronicle.
YOU TRY IT.
If Shiloh's Cough and Consumption
Cure, which is sold for the small price
of 25 cents, 50 cents and $1, does not
cure take the bottle back and we will
refund your money. Sold for over
fifty years on this guarantee. Price
25 cents and 50 cents. Dr. G. H. Kee
fer, Druggist.

Use Allen's Foot-Ease in Your Gloves
A lady writes: "I shake Allen's Foot
Ease into my gloves and rub a little on
my hands. It saves my gloves by ab
sorbing perspiration. It is a most dainty
toilet powder." Allen's Foot-Ease makes
tight or new shoes easy. Always use it
to break in new shoes. It keeps the feet
cool and comfortable. We invite the at
tention of physicians and nurses to the
absolute purity of Allen's Foot-Ease. All
drug and shoe stores sell it. 25c. Sam
ples FREE! Address Allen S. Olmstead,
Le Roy.