2

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: WEDNESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 30, 1903.

THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.
PUBLISHED BY THE
Arizona Publishing Co.

GEO. W. VICKERS, Pres. and Gen. Mgr.
Exclusive Morning Associated Press
Dispatches.
The only Perfecting Press in Arizona.
The only battery of Linotypes in Ari
zona.
Publication office: 36-38 East Adams
street. Telephone No. 471.
Entered at the postoffice at Phoenix,
Arizona, as mail matter of the second
class.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES.
By mail, daily, one year $9.00
Weekly, one year 2.00
Cash in advance.
BY CARRIER.
Daily, per month 75 cts.
Arizona visitors to the Coast will find
The Daily Republican on sale at the fol
lowing places in Los Angeles: Hollen
beck hotel news stand, and B. F. Gard
ner, 105 South Spring street.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, SEPT. 30, 1903.
Dixie to Stand.
The restless reformers who are never
satisfied with the existing order of
things have met with a setback in their
efforts to have “Dixie” rewritten. The
effort was made at the Confederate
reunion in Columbia, Missouri, last
week. According to a dispatch from
Columbia to the Kansas City Journal,
“the motion to have the famous song
rewritten and ‘worded in a more dig
nified manner’ almost caused a riot.”
Resolutions were introduced to the ef
fect that the wording of the song is
childish and not becoming the dignity
of the wonderful music to which the
words are set. It was mentioned that
the verses seemed “weak and infirm”
when compared with “My Maryland”
and other celebrated southern poems.
A suggestion was made that the Mis
souri Daughters of the Confederacy
take up the matter and see that the
song was rewritten in better style.
The dispatch tells us that the motion
was greeted with a yell of disapproval,
and a hundred Confederate veterans
were on their feet in a moment. The
women in the audience joined in the
uproar with shrill cries and flourished
Confederate banners and colors above
their heads.
A veteran in a faded uniform shouted
to the chairman: “This is sacrilege!
That song, as it stands, has been a
joy to the hearts of the southerners
for forty years and it shall endure for
ever.” Another veteran stood on the
arms of his chair and shouted: “Don’t
touch a line of it! That song is sacred.
We don’t propose to have a single
change made in it. You might as well
talk about altering the Lord’s Prayer.”
The motion was put to vote and de
feated, only one man out of the 2,000
voting for it.
It is very true that the words of
“Dixie” are sadly lacking in sense—
they are, in fact, an incoherent jumble
of sentences in negro dialect—but
knowledge of this fact is not due to
any new discovery. It would be diffi
cult, perhaps, to explain why the song
has such a magic power in moving the
southern people, but certain it is that
it appeals to their emotions instan
taneously, and Americans generally fall
under the spell when the strains of
“Dixie” are produced with even ordi
nary harmony. And when rendered
by a Sousa or a Gilmore, national con
ventions numbering thousands of
matter-of-fact Americans have been
moved to frenzied demonstrations by
its very first bars.
Sentiment, of course, has much to do
with it. Millions of people identify
“Dixie” with the “lost cause,” and for
grizzled old rebels like those who met
in Missouri, it brings back a flood of
memories. Pickett’s immortal charge
at Gettysburg, the most magnificent
and thrilling spectacle ever seen in
warfare, was begun under the inspir
ing notes of “Dixie.” It is not strange
that the survivors at the Columbia re
union protested against any tampering
with the song. Its words might be
made more dignified, but there is
plenty of majesty in “Dixie’s” music.
The Reservoir as a Regulator.
This rainy season suggests in a
graphic manner something of the value
that the Salt River dam will be to this
valley, simply as a regulator of the
flow of the river. Were the dam com
pleted now it would be practicable, and
even advisable, to shut off the entire
flow of the river during the next three
or four weeks, the valley ranches hav
ing been thoroughly soaked by rains.
Additional irrigation will not be need
ed for another month, as a general
thing, and in any event the flow of the
Verde River would be available to meet
all needs. Were it possible to impound
the whole flow of the Salt River dur
ing the next month, sufficient water
would be stored to meet the needs of
the valley for a month next summer,
just at the season of the year when
water has its greatest value.
This is a phase of the storage ques
tion which is seldom considered in esti
mating the value of the reservoir, but
it covers one of the most important
features of the storage project. The
success of the reservoir will not hinge
altogether upon the coming of extra
ordinary floods in the river, and its
wealth-producing possibilities will be
greatly increased by operating the
gates of the dam in direct connection
with the needs of the irrigators. Dur
ing rainy seasons in the valley and at
all times when the ranchers are sup
plied from the clouds or from the Verde
River, the precious fluid in the Salt can
be impounded and held in reserve not
for a “rainy day” but for the dry, hot
days of the spring and summer.
The people of this valley have not
begun to appreciate the good fortune
which has become theirs through the
assurance of water storage by the government.

The St. Louis Manufacturers’ Asso
ciation has begun a fight on ticket
scalpers by passing resolutions con
demning ticket scalping and pledging
assistance to the railroads in their ef
forts to stop the evil. The association
declares that it will assist in a move
ment to procure a special session of
the legislature, if necessary, so that
adequate laws may be passed to pro
tect the railroads from the depreda
tions of the ticket manipulators. The
railroads are asked to grant a single
fare for the round trip to St. Louis
for the world’s fair from every part
of the country, and assurance is given
that the members of the association
will do all in their power to create and
foster a public sentiment against ticket
scalping. Up to this time nothing has
been done by the exposition authori
ties or by any St. Louis organization
to assure the railroads that ticket
scalping will not be tolerated during
the fair. The roads have taken the
position that if the ticket brokers were
to be allowed free rein, they would not
grant reduced rates. It is now recog
nized by the merchants of St. Louis
that the attitude of the railroads is the
correct one and that something must
be done in the way of securing cheap
transportation to the fair in order to
insure its success.
“One of the most surprising features
of the stock market during the last six
months has been the fact that bankers,
experienced brokers and speculators,
who have been in Wall Street for many
years, have been as mistaken in their
views on the market as the veriest
lamb,” says the New York Commercial.
“When J. P. Morgan issued his famous
bullish interview last spring, he must
have undoubtedly thought that the
worst was over. Since then stocks
have declined anywhere from 10 to 30
points. James Stillman, William R.
Rockefeller, Russell Sage, John W.
Gates, James J. Hill, James R. Keene,
Washington Connor, Henry Clews and
a number of other capitalists gave out
bullish interviews when the stock
market was selling at a much higher
level than at present. Those who fol
lowed the advice of any of these ex
perienced financiers and speculators
and purchased stocks at the prices pre
vailing then have seen a large shrink
age in the value of their securities.
The same is true of many other bank
ers and capitalists who, while refusing
to allow their names to be used, have
expressed the opinion again and again
that the stock market was a purchase.
Prices, however, have continued to de
cline with hardly any interruption.”
That young and admirable demo
cratic war-horse, Congressman Bill
Sulzer of New York, thinks clearly
when he thinks at all. In a recent
speech about national appropriations
he exclaimed: “They will keep cutting
the wool from the sheep that lays the
golden egg until they pump it dry!” If
Mr. Sulzer keeps up his present gait
he will soon deserve to rank with an
other democrat of fervid imagination
and profuse verbiage—Henry Ashurst,
of Williams, Arizona. But while Sul
zer may excel Ashurst in mixed meta
phor, he can never hope to approach
Ashurst in poetic imagery; only Dithy
ramb Dick can do that. We are still
insisting against all comers that it will
be a long time before any of them can
do better than Ashurst’s Labor Day
speech in which he classed Willie
Hearst with the Savior of mankind.
The use of oil for sprinkling roads in
California has been declared by the
United States Circuit Court at Los
Angeles to have become a public neces
sity and not coverable by a patent.
The Dustless Roads Company brought
suit against Los Angeles County to
prevent the use of oil on the public
roads without paying the company a
royalty, whether the oil was sprinkled
from the complainant’s wagons or by
means of other patents, and whether
used hot or cold. The company asked
a royalty of $15 for each mile of road
oil-sprinkled, and, as many miles of
road in the county as are thus treated,
the public will save a large amount of
money through the injunction, provid
ing the company’s patents are ulti
mately held to be invalid.

CURRENT COMMENT
The Phonograph and Its Voice.
The phonograph is another machine
whose performances, remarkable as
they are, fall far short of its promises.
It was predicted that, for example,
it would perfectly preserve the timbre
of singing voices and thus enable pos
terity to enjoy the peculiar qualities
which discriminate the cadences of a
Patti from the broader but less bird
like glides of a contralto, the silvery
strains of a high tenor from the rotund
sonority of an equally famous bass.
But from the throat of the phono
graph all voices have a metallic tang
in common which deprives them in
almost equal degree of precisely that
indefinable trait which constitutes in
dividuality, which differentiates one
soprano from another, one baritone
from another and which, in fact, is the
essence of pure vocal quality.
The greatest soprano of this genera
tion, the artiste who combines in the
highest degree all the gifts of the
dramatic singer, was summoned to the
phonograph to hear herself sing. “Thus
shall countless generations listen with
rapture to your marvelous voice,” ex
claimed a sincere admirer. “How
much do we not owe to the phono
graph.” The singer listened, first with aston
ishment, then with perplexity, then
with incredulity and finally with cha
grin. “No, no.” she exclaimed, adding
with reverent humility, “I thank
heaven I could never sing like that.”
The metallic tang had robbed her voice
of its transcendent charm.
An instrument so valuable as the
phonograph ought to be carried to per
fection. An organic contradiction be
tween the vocal source and the deli
cate living threads of the human
throat bars present prospect of im
provement. The fluent wave of the
one finds no counterpart in the inelas
tic surface of the other. Science may
well feel discouraged before the diffi
culty herein presented, but science has
overcome difficulties quite as great.
The phonograph is urged by some
persons as an aid in acquiring foreign
languages. Had it existed when Cicero
denounced Catiline and Demosthenes
Philip it would give us an approximate
idea, at least, of the pronunciation of
certain sounds in Latin and Greek
over which disputation rages almost
without hope of decision—whether, for
example, the Roman called himself
Kikero and whether Greek uttered a
soft g or j under any circumstances.
Even if the cylinder could settle these
doubts we should still lack the true
voice of the orators if no more faith
fully transmitted than by the contem
porary phonograph.
To make the phonograph a teacher of
living tongue is to run a serious risk
with children. It will inspire them to
acquire unconsciously the metallic tang
which is its deep defect. Until that
defect is removed the use of the phono
graph for teaching purposes is not to
be commended. While it conveys mes
sages intelligibly, it is well calculated
to impair vocal flexibility. Chicago
Chronicle.

Many a newspaper philosopher thanks
God for the Book of Proverbs. Phila
delphia Record.

[List of advertisements and notices follows unchanged.]