THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.  
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, TUESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 25, 1900.  
VOL. XI. NO. 129.  
ELEVENTH YEAR.  

Governor N. O. Murphy Nominated  
By Territorial Republicans  

ELECTION AS GOOD AS EFFECTED  

The Convention Was One to Inspire the Highest Party Pride.  
It Was Somewhat Warm and Captain George D.  
Christy’s Friends Made a Gallant Though Losing  
Fight. The Party Emerged Thoroughly United  
Against the Democratic Freak Ticket. A Day of  
Business Relieved by Oratory.  

The republican territorial convention  
yesterday nominated Governor N. O.  
Murphy for delegate to congress and at  
the close not a man of all the delegates  
had the slightest doubt that he would  
be elected. It was a typical republi­  
can convention, though it was of the  
highest type, in strange contrast  
with the three days’ democratic riot of  
two weeks ago. The delegates were  
gentlemen of the highest respectability  
of morals and personal appearance.  
Every republican there was prouder  
than ever that he was a republican.  
Everything was done decently and in  
order. The business was never permit­  
ted to drag and on the other hand it  
was not pushed along with un­  
seemly haste. Every order was  
fully and finally disposed of before  
another was taken up. Thus there was  
never a hitch or a squabble. There  
were differences of opinion, it is true,  
but they were quickly adjusted by the  
rule of the majority. Everything con­  
nected with the convention was admir­  
able; the decorations were profuse and  
magnificent, the music was inspiring;  
the oratory was of a good order, some  
of it splendid and all of it happy and  
felicitous. Especially admirable was  
the administration of the chairman,  
Col. William Herring of Tucson. The  
fullest discussion of every subject was  
allowed, but the discussion was held  
rigidly to the subject under considera­  
tion. Nothing irrelevant was permit­  
ted. The convention was never restive  
and never threatened to break away  
from established rules, but the chair­  
man never took his hand off of it for  
an instant. The best description of the  
character of the gathering was fur­  
nished by a minister of the gospel.  
Said he: “This is just like a Sunday  
school convention.”  

PURIFIED AND STRONG.  

Satisfaction was expressed last night  
by republicans of all shades with the  
result. There had been a rivalry a lit­  
tle too warm for friendliness, but the  
rivalry ended with the deciding vote  
and very curiously all breaches were  
filled when the convention was ad­  
journed. Usually political contests  
leave sore and abraded spots. This one,  
though, was a panacea with great heal­  
ing properties. A political party went  
into it divided in two. It came out  
whole and confident of success. Dele­  
gates discussing the result said last  
night that they had not been impelled  
in their support of Governor Murphy  
by any personal or factional sentiment.  
They had no doubt of the worthiness  
and fitness of Captain Christy, but they  
believed that Governor Murphy was  
the stronger man and that by reason  
of his more familiar acquaintance with  
and longer experience in public affairs  
he could serve the territory better.  
They regretted that they had been  
compelled to choose against so good a  
man as Captain Christy, but were  
pleased that so much good timber was  
presented to choose from.  

DEMOCRATIC CONCESSION.  

Democrats generally concede the  
election of Governor Murphy. He en­  
ters the fight with the prestige of one  
victory, and this time he is opposed to  
a hopelessly divided party. Everything  
is against democratic success. There is  
nowhere even an echo of the silver war  
cry which urged the party on two years  
ago. There is no local or territorial  
democratic issue, and of the national is­  
sues the democrats of the territory, as  
they are throughout the west, are gen­  
erally opposed to one, anti-imperialism,  
and indifferent to the other, the indefi­  
nite war upon trusts.  

There was some talk that now that  
Governor Murphy has been nominated,  
one of the two democratic candidates  
would be compelled to withdraw. This  
talk, however, comes from the small  
fry, the uninfluential common herd.  
The leaders of each side said the can­  
didate of the other side might with­  
draw, but theirs would not.  

PREPARED FOR A BATTLE.  

Final Efforts to Avoid a  
Contest.  

The delegates were busy all of Sun­  
day trying to arrange terms of peace.  
The friends of Captain Christy, confi­  
dent, or at least hopeful of a majority,  
made overtures in the afternoon, but  
none of them satisfied the workers for  
Governor Murphy. Later in the day  
it became evident, if it had not been  
evident before, that he had an over­  
whelming majority, his strength being  
variously estimated at from 85 to 105  
votes. The Christy people in the  
meantime were claiming more than  
eighty votes. This claim at nightfall  
was not made with a great deal of con­  
fidence, though they by no means enter­  
tained a notion of giving up the fight.  
Two caucuses were held, the Christy  
forces meeting at the Commercial ho­  
tel, and the Murphy delegates at the  
Hotel Adams. The latter caucus, by  
the way, included a few delegates who  
were either not pronounced for Gov­  
ernor Murphy or were in favor of mak­  
ing concessions partially involving the  
territorial organization in the interest  
of harmony.  

There was a late conference at which  
nothing was definitely agreed upon  
and which resulted only in a misunder­  
standing, as was subsequently shown  
in the convention. The Murphy dele­  
gates thereupon laid out an elaborate  
programme and went to bed with a  
calm confidence which enabled them to  
sleep well.  

No serious effort at a compromise  
was renewed yesterday morning.  
Though the Christy people themselves  
had given up the contest, there was no  
thought of quitting the fight until they  
should be put out by a ballot. In all the  
negotiations there was no manifesta­  
tion of bitterness, no charge of im­  
proper methods or of bad faith. Each  
side recognized that the other was  
worthily striving for a worthy object,  
for each had a right to strive. There  
was nothing to be done but see which  
could develop the greater strength and  
the result must necessarily be satisfac­  
tory. It was in these circumstances  
that both parties went into the conven­  
tion.  

THE COMING TOGETHER.  
Something Which Democrats  
Might Profitably Copy.  

Dorris theater would have been  
judged by one who had not heard of  
the convention, that it had been laid  
out for a republican battleground. One  
would have known this if he had ar­  
rived there in advance of everybody  
else, even if the portraits of Lincoln,  
McKinley and Roosevelt had been put  
somewhere out of sight. There was a  
general air of patriotism and propriety  
which belongs only to republican  
conventions. Two great flags concealed  
the foot of the stage for its whole  
length and the folds of another beauti­  
ful banner were draped over the rear.  
The stage scenery was carefully ar­  
ranged and there was a profusion of  
roses, potted plants and pampas grass  
of many colors.  

By 10 o’clock all the delegates were  
in their seats. There was no pulling  
and hauling; no emissaries sent from  
one delegation to another. There was  
none of that ostentatious presence on  
the floor of unimportant delegates who  
act as if they carry the weight of the  
party on their shoulders and try to  
impress the crowd with a sense of their  
importance. Everything that could be  
done had been done, and there was  
nothing else to do but await the result.  
While the convention waited the In­  
dian school band was playing in the  
gallery. When “The Star Spangled  
Banner” was struck up the delegates  
and audience arose. Some waved their  
hats, others marked time; ladies waved  
flags and handkerchiefs. At the close  
of the tune three mighty cheers were  
given for the flag.  

THE BEGINNING.  

Chairman Drake of the territorial  
central committee called the conven­  
tion to order at 10:30. He merely stated  
the business for which the delegates  
had come together and said that in the  
absence of Secretary J. E. Corbett by  
illness, J. H. Carpenter of Yuma would  
act. Mr. Carpenter read the call, which  
was adopted and the convention pro­  
ceeded to business.  

Attorney-General Ainsworth nomi­  
nated A. J. Doran of Yavapai for tem­  
porary chairman and he was escorted  
to the stage by Burt Dunlap of Gra­  
ham and J. I. Roberts of Yavapai. Mr.  
Doran was introduced by Chairman  
Drake as “The Noblest Human of them  
all.” He briefly addressed the conven­  
tion upon the proud record of the re­  
publican party, which from its incep­  
tion had committed no act of which it  
should be ashamed. Particularly within  
the last four years its career had  
been glorious. When it came into  
power it had found a bankrupt treas­  
ury, a degraded citizenship and a lack  
of prosperity. Within four years the  
country had been brought to the high­  
est financial standing it had ever  
known. An American citizen had come  
to be respected everywhere by reason  
of his citizenship and the American  
flag victorious on land and sea was the  
foremost of the banners of the world.  
Prosperity, largely the result of the  
wise administration of President Mc­  
Kinley, was smiling upon the country  
throughout its whole extent.  

At the close of Chairman Doran’s  
address, Allen T. Bird of Santa Cruz  
nominated J. V. Vickers of Cochise for  
temporary secretary and he was chosen  
by acclamation.  

A QUESTION OF VERACITY.  

J. H. Carpenter of Yuma moved the  
appointment by the chair of a commit­  
tee of thirteen on credentials, one mem­  
ber from each county. Judge J. H.  
Kibbey desired to amend the motion by  
allowing each county to select its own  
member, and Jerry Millay supporting  
the amendment, described the terms of  
a compromise by the conference com­  
mittee the night before. Those terms,  
he said, had already been violated, but  
his side had restrained itself in the  
interest of harmony. It was proposed,  
though, that a stand should be made  
against this last attempted violation.  
It now appeared that the compromise  
of the night before was not a compro­  
mise, but a misunderstanding such as  
might be expected to arise among gen­  
tlemen who speak different languages  
and have to resort to signs.  

J. C. Adams said there had been no  
agreement at all. He was a member of  
the conference to which Mr. Millay al­  
luded and had submitted a proposition  
to the Christy people which was not  
received in the same Christian spirit in  
which it was tendered. The olive  
branch had been rejected. The Christy  
folks replied that Mr. Adams’ olive  
branch was withered and useless; that  
the whole matter should be settled in  
the convention and, said they: “If we  
are strong enough we will organize it;  
if you are stronger, the organization is  
yours.” Mr. Adams said that he car­  
ried away from the conference no recol­  
lection of any other understanding.  

Judge Kibbey said that the Murphy  
committee had, it was true, submitted  
a proposition for harmony, but it in­  
volved the absolute surrender of the  
Christy side. “But what’s the use,”  
said he, “of talking about harmony  
among republicans? They’re always in  
harmony unless too much is said about  
harmony.”  

The Kibbey amendment was defeated  
by a vote of 47 to 53 as shown by a di­  
vision, none of the proxies and some of  
the delegates not voting. Though 53  
was less than a majority of the con­  
vention this vote left no doubt of the  
nomination of Governor Murphy.  

Herbert R. Tenney of Tucson moved  
the appointment by the chair of a com­  
mittee of seven on permanent organi­  
zation and order of business. Mr. Mil­  
lay arose again in full realization of  
the hopelessness of his objection to the  
one man power provided for in Mr.  
Tenney’s motion, and amended it by  
allowing the counties to choose their  
own members. He desired that his  
previous remarks upon the Carpenter  
motion be considered repeated. The  
amendment was lost.  

The following committees were ap­  
pointed and a recess was taken until  
2 o’clock:  

On credentials—J. L. Hubbell of  
Apache, Ralph Cameron of Coconino,  
G. R. Peters of Gila, William Shilliam  
of Cochise, W. C. Foster of Maricopa,  
J. Lesser of Navajo, O. D. M. Gaddis of  
Mohave, George Christ, Jr., of Pima,  
William Hoey of Santa Cruz, Frank  
Wright of Yavapai, R. S. Hatch of  
Yuma, W. A. Place of Graham.  

On permanent organization and order  
of business—J. C. Adams of Marico­  
pa, Burt Dunlap of Graham, O. D. M.  
Gaddis of Mohave, F. A. Tuttle of  
Yavapai, S. A. Parnell of Gila, H. H.  
Tenney of Pima, J. H. Carpenter of  
Yuma.  

(Continued on Sixth Page.)