THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: THURSDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 28, 1899.

CHARLES B. BOOTH & CO.

MINING and MILLING MACHINERY

RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.

Mines and Mining

SONORA COAL
Another Big Deal Follows the Hunting
ton Enterprise.
With the opening of the San
Marcial coal fields, the construction
and operation of a railroad
from Guaymas thence is
now assured, says the Nogales Vidette,

which is authorized by an official of
the Pacific Coast Coal company to say
that the plans of the company are so
far advanced that a corps of civil en
gineers will begin the work of survey
ing the route from Guaymas to San
Marcial within sixty days or possibly
sooner. The concession for the rail
road was granted by President Diaz
the first under the new law. Under
Its terms the concessionaires deposit
$150 in Mexican 3 per cent bonds for
each kilometer of road built. The ap
proximate length of the road is 110
kilometers or sixty-five miles. The
company is given an area of land ex
tending twelve and a half miles on
each side of the track.
It may be a surprise to the public to

learn that the deal now consummated
is not the one that Huntington is in
terested in; that the principals of this
enterprise are Philadelphia capitalists
of more than local influence. Last
June, after prospecting the San Mar
cial coal fields for more than eight
months, B. V. B. Hoes, who, with Mrs.
Hoes is now at the Montezuma, bought
the property, five by seven miles, or
thirty-five square, from Julian and

Carlos Johnson and took deeds in his
name in trust. Last week he trans
ferred the title to the Pacific Coast
Coal company of which W. H. Ingham
of Philadelphia is president and which
includes Mr. Hoes and nine others.
The company was incorporated under
the laws of West Virginia and has a
capital of $2,500,000. The projects of
the company also involve docks at
Guaymas.
The opening up of the San Marcial
coal fields and also those at La Bar
Tanca, in which Mr. Huntington and
his friends are interested, means an

immense impetus to industrial en
deavors both in Arizona and Sonora.
Iron works, glass factories, planing
mills and many auxiliary industries
will be developed. In a word, with
coal the rapid progress of Arizona is
assured.
The fact that anthracite coal and
coke of superior quality is assured for
this territory, makes almost a certain
ty another railroad for Nogales. A

ounces in silver per ton and 16 3-10

per cent in copper. Graham Guardian.

The steam hoist on the Henrietta

mine was started up yesterday and it
is expected to start up five of the twen

ty stamps on Wednesday of this week
for a test run of sixty tons of ore. A

scarcity of water prevents the running
of the mill to its full capacity of twen

ty stamps. A new shaft being sunk on
the property near the Gopher claim is

down forty feet and is in an ore body
four and a half feet wide which carries
from $16 to $18 in gold. Journal
Miner. The Prescott Courier says: A reporter
called at the supervisor's office
last evening to take notes on the na
tional drilling contest meeting. There
were exactly seven persons present.
These, however, proceeded to business,
elected George Schuerman chairman

and J. H. Robinson secretary, and ad
journed to meet again next Thursday
evening at the same time and place,
when it is hoped a larger turnout of

citizens will be present, for a national

drilling contest for Prescott is a good
idea.
Mike Enright left this morning for

Cripple Creek, Colorado, where he will
take the superintendency of a property

belonging to the Mackin brothers, well

known mine operators of this county,
says the Prescott Courier. Mr. En
right is a good man and miner, and
we are sorry to lose him. The mine
which he is to take charge of is said
to have a net profit of $250 a day.
N. S. Wright, a mining man of San
Francisco, who is ready to take up any

good mining property, leaves Wednes
day for a short trip to the southwest
ern portion of Pima county. Tucson
Star.
Thomas Driscoll and J. J. Haskin

have filed a location notice of the
Buckhorn mine in the Tucson moun
tains. T. M. Norwood and wife have sold
the Georgia mine in the Silver Bell
district to W. H. Barns for $5,000.
Pedro Pellom has filed a location no
tice in the recorder's office locating the

Pellom mill site in the Tucson moun
tains. Star.
Colonel J. W. Payne of the Grand

Reef mine was in the city yesterday,

says the Tucson Star, returning from

San Francisco, where he has been dur
ing the past week with John W. Mack
ey, the owner of the Grand Reef. This
property is the coming mammoth pro
ducer of Arizona.
A good strike of sulphurets of cop
per was made on Thursday in the
Cuprite shaft at seventy ten, says the
Tucson Star. This is the property nine

miles below Van's in which Al and

Louis Ezekiels are interested. Ex
Mayor Buehman, who is interested in
adjoining property, gave the news to

The line from Washington Camp, east by

north from Nogales has been sur
veyed and the grades found practic
able. The line has been decided upon

but has been delayed pending investigations of the
Sonora coal fields. Since these are
now or soon to be commercial realities
Nogales will get the road. It is not
improbable that when the road is com
pleted to Washington it will be ex
tended to Bisbee.
Another probable line predicated on
the coal feature is one from Imuris to
Cananea mountain, where the Cobre
Grande and other big properties are
located. W. C. Greene, when here two

Frank Schultz is in town closing up

the deal with Mr. Wright for the Cuba
mine. Mr. Schultz is an old timer in
Arizona and owns some very promis
ing mining property in the Mammoth

district. Mr. Schultz is the original

discoverer of the big Mammoth mine

that is now running a fifty-stamp mill

and to which twenty more stamps are

being added. Tucson Star.
A few days ago an interview with
Judge Griffin was published in the

Star. A paragraph made reference to

green matter or 3 to 4 tons of dry mat
ter per acre last April. If permitted
to grow longer it becomes more woody,
does not turn under so well and de
cays less rapidly. By attaching a
chain to the plow all the growth can
ordinarily be turned under.
The alfalfa may be sown earlier than

the clover, as the seed will germinate
during warmer weather. It does best

if sown in the same manner as de
scribed for the clover. As it does not

grow as rapidly during the winter, it

will usually not be ready to plow un

der as early. Thirty pounds of seed

per acre will be sufficient.

Peas sown very thickly (125 to 200

pounds per acre) during fall or winter

will give a small yield of vines and in

addition furnish a supply of green
peas. The best varieties for this pur

pose were found to be Yorkshire Hero

and Champion of England.

The White sweet-clover already

mentioned makes a luxuriant growth
during the summer, but grows little

during the winter when the trees are
dormant. For summer growth it
seems to be no better than alfalfa. If
permitted to grow two seasons, it dies

at the end of the second. It may be
plowed under green, or simply be al
lowed to die and decay upon the surface.

The benefits from the winter-grown

green-manuring crops are four-fold at

least. In the first place, the soil is

thus covered during a portion of the

year and the exhaustion of decayed

vegetation by the heat of the sun re

tarded. In the second place, plant

food that would otherwise be washed

away by rains and irrigation is appro

priated by growing plants, and thus

saved for the tree. One of the most

important benefits is the improved

physical condition of the soil, due to

the decaying of the green matter
turned under. This causes the soil to
bake less after irrigation, and to hold
its moisture longer.
The chief benefit to the trees comes

from the addition to the soil of nitro

gen, one of the most important plant
foods. The nitrogen added is derived
from the air mixed with the soil. Most
plants are powerless to use nitrogen
from the air with which they are sur
rounded, notwithstanding the fact that
the latter contains about 80 per cent of
this element. The members of the
pea family (peas, beans, clovers, al
falfa, etc.) are an exception. They

harbor upon their roots colonies of
microscopic plants called bacteria,

which have the ability to absorb ni
trogen and pass it along to the plants
to which they are attached. The irri
tation produced by these colonies of
bacteria causes the formation of small

nodules or knots by which their ex
istence upon the plants may be known.
The plowing under of the plants
that have secured their nitrogen else

where than from the soil adds to the
latter the nitrogen thus secured, and
in addition benefits the soil in the
ways mentioned above.
It has been found by W. M. Ward,
one of the leading orange growers
near Phoenix, that, after sowing the
Yellow sweet-clover seed one or two
seasons in an orchard, enough seed will
mature under the trees, and in other

places not reached by the plow, to seed
the orchard from year to year, the only

work necessary being furrowing dur

ing early October and subsequent irri

gation. Mr. Ward was one of the first

men to sow the Yellow sweet-clover

for this purpose, having begun its use
several years ago. He believes it has

been of great benefit to his orchard.

o
NO QUARTER.

36 Nassau St, New York.
FISK & ROBINSON,
Bankers

AND
Dealers in Investment
Securities. -
Deposit Accounts of Banks, Bankers,
Firms and Individuals received, sub

ject to sight draft. Interest allowed on
balances. Correspondence invited
from Corporations, Trustees and other
conservative investors. Orders on the
New York Stock Exchange executed

on commission for cash.

HARVEY EDWARD FISK.

GEORGE H. ROBINSON,
Member New York Stock Exchange.

CO.

MINING MACHINERY

AND SUPPLIES....

"OIL CITY"

BOILERS AND ENGINES

"SNOW" MINE PUMPS.

"BATES"
CORLISS ENGINES.
STAMP MILLS.

Crushers, Rolls,
Ore Buckets, Whims.
HOISTING ENGINES.
Geared and Friction.
The Machinery and Electrical Company

Bullock Diamond Drill

ingersoll and Talmage.

were the Henry and Reisch copper prop
erties. Mr. Henry writes from Florence

a concession for the road before he re
turns to Arizona.

MINING NOTES.

On the highest point of the Wallapai
mountains, within sight of Kingman,
is a government monument, built of
hewn stone, ten feet high. Set in the
monument is a copper box about fif
teen inches square, which is not ac
cessible without tearing the monument
down. This monument marks a point
on the thirty-fifth parallel, surveyed
by Lieutenant Wheeler in 1875, and the
copper box contains valuable records
connected with the survey for future
generations. Lieutenant Wheeler
camped on the mountains for many
months and at one time worked a mine
which is yet known as the Wheeler,
while a great canyon which drains
down to the Sandy is known as Wheel
er's wash. Mineral Wealth.
Fifteen and one-fourth tons of cop
per ore taken from the Laurel mine,
located in the Lone Star mining dis
trict, netted the lessees the magnificent
sum of $1,133.24, says the Graham
Guardian. It was bought by the Ari
zona Copper Smelting company to be
smelted in their plant, which starts up
in a few days. This ore was taken out
in about six weeks' time by two men.
In addition to taking the ore out they

completed a tunnel during the time
which taps the vein at considerable
depth.
Three new whims have been taken

to the San Juan group belonging to

Oatley Bros, to increase the output for
the new smelter, says the Graham
Guardian. Three new buildings have
been erected on top of the hill at the
smelter by the Arizona Copper com
pany for the accommodation of their
men. About forty additional miners
were put to work on the San Juan
group this week. This force will be
increased next week.
The Arizona and Boston Copper
company, present owners of the Lone
Star of Texas group, lately purchased
from Lindsey and Anderson, by Mrs.
Johnson, is now having ore tests made
and has ordered the machinery necessary to com
mence active development work. The
first work will be the sinking of a 300
foot working shaft on the Lone Star
Extension and the timbering of the
present 137 foot shaft. Graham
Guardian.
Returns have been received from
the El Paso smelter from ore sent

there from the Friend mine in the strip

owned by H. J. Harvey and John Blake
with the following results: Four and
a half tons of first grade ore, 101 6-10
ounces of silver and 1-10 ounce in gold
per ton and 28 per cent copper. Nine
tons of second grade ore went 40 3-10

ounces in silver per ton and 16 3-10
per cent in copper. Graham Guardian.

The statement was incorrect in
certain particulars. Says Mr. Henry:
"Reisch and I bonded the Wonder
group of twelve copper, gold and lead
claims to eastern parties for $360,000.
We have been notified by wire and
think that the group is sold and deeds
are in escrow." The price is consid
erably over the figures heretofore
given. Tucson Star.
o
CROP BULLETIN.

"My friend," said the caller, "on be

half of our society I am soliciting 25-
cent subscriptions to enable us to wage
war on the cigarette evil, and I felt
sure we could rely on you in the battle
to the death."
"Yes, I'll give no quarter," replied
the business man, promptly. "Good
day, sir." Philadelphia Record.

Information that

is of value to

every

During the past year the Arizona Ex
periment Station has been testing
plants that gave promise of being use
ful for plowing under to improve the
soil. Special attention has been given

to plants suitable for growth in or
chards. The two best plants tested

were Melilotus indica and alfalfa. The
Melilotus is the plant commonly called

sour clover in Arizona. Elsewhere
it is known Yellow sweet-clover or
Bitter Melilot. It belongs to the same
genus as White sweet-clover (Melilo
tus alba), the flowers being yellow in
stead of white. It is an annual, while
the white-flowered Melilot is a bien
nial. Yellow sweet-clover (sour clover)
grows naturally throughout the south
west, being commonly considered a
weed. In southern Arizona it is quite
common in grain fields, these being the

source of the seed used for sowing in

orchards. Seed can be obtained where
grain has been threshed, or at grist
and rolling mills, the cost being slight.
The seed will germinate only dur
ing the cool weather from September
to April. The earlier it is sown in the
fall the more growth will be secured
for turning under in the spring. If
sown the latter part of September or
the early part of October it will ordi
narily attain a height of three to six
inches before being checked by the cool

weather of December and January. It
may be sown later in fall, but it will
not give as heavy a yield as if

sown earlier. About 50 pounds of seed

should be sown per acre.
The method of seeding found to be
the best is to level the ground well,
sow broadcast, furrow with a three
shovel furrower, roll, and irrigate by
running the water in the furrows,
which should be two or three feet
apart. Irrigating it frequently during

the winter will not only increase the

yield, but will benefit the orchard.

It should be plowed under when be
ginning to blossom, which will ordi
narily be early in April. At this stage
the yield proved to be 15 to 18 tons of

green matter or 3 to 4 tons of dry mat
ter per acre last April. If permitted
to grow longer it becomes more woody,
does not turn under so well and de
cays less rapidly. By attaching a
chain to the plow all the growth can
ordinarily be turned under.
The alfalfa may be sown earlier than

the clover, as the seed will germinate
during warmer weather. It does best

if sown in the same manner as de
scribed for the clover. As it does not

grow as rapidly during the winter, it

will usually not be ready to plow un

der as early. Thirty pounds of seed

per acre will be sufficient.

Peas sown very thickly (125 to 200

pounds per acre) during fall or winter

will give a small yield of vines and in

addition furnish a supply of green
peas. The best varieties for this pur

pose were found to be Yorkshire Hero

and Champion of England.

The White sweet-clover already

mentioned makes a luxuriant growth
during the summer, but grows little

during the winter when the trees are
dormant. For summer growth it
seems to be no better than alfalfa. If
permitted to grow two seasons, it dies

at the end of the second. It may be
plowed under green, or simply be al
lowed to die and decay upon the surface.

The benefits from the winter-grown

green-manuring crops are four-fold at

least. In the first place, the soil is

thus covered during a portion of the

year and the exhaustion of decayed

vegetation by the heat of the sun re

tarded. In the second place, plant

food that would otherwise be washed

away by rains and irrigation is appro

priated by growing plants, and thus

saved for the tree. One of the most

important benefits is the improved

physical condition of the soil, due to

the decaying of the green matter
turned under. This causes the soil to
bake less after irrigation, and to hold
its moisture longer.
The chief benefit to the trees comes

from the addition to the soil of nitro

gen, one of the most important plant
foods. The nitrogen added is derived
from the air mixed with the soil. Most
plants are powerless to use nitrogen
from the air with which they are sur
rounded, notwithstanding the fact that
the latter contains about 80 per cent of
this element. The members of the
pea family (peas, beans, clovers, al
falfa, etc.) are an exception. They

harbor upon their roots colonies of
microscopic plants called bacteria,

which have the ability to absorb ni
trogen and pass it along to the plants
to which they are attached. The irri
tation produced by these colonies of
bacteria causes the formation of small

nodules or knots by which their ex
istence upon the plants may be known.
The plowing under of the plants
that have secured their nitrogen else

where than from the soil adds to the
latter the nitrogen thus secured, and
in addition benefits the soil in the
ways mentioned above.
It has been found by W. M. Ward,
one of the leading orange growers
near Phoenix, that, after sowing the
Yellow sweet-clover seed one or two
seasons in an orchard, enough seed will
mature under the trees, and in other

places not reached by the plow, to seed
the orchard from year to year, the only

work necessary being furrowing dur

ing early October and subsequent irri

gation. Mr. Ward was one of the first

men to sow the Yellow sweet-clover

for this purpose, having begun its use
several years ago. He believes it has

been of great benefit to his orchard.

o
NO QUARTER.

"My friend," said the caller, "on be

half of our society I am soliciting 25-
cent subscriptions to enable us to wage
war on the cigarette evil, and I felt
sure we could rely on you in the battle
to the death."
"Yes, I'll give no quarter," replied
the business man, promptly. "Good
day, sir." Philadelphia Record.