THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN: THURSDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 14, 1899.

CHARLES B.

MINING and MILLING MACHINERY

RAILWAY SUPPLIES.
LOS ANGELES. CALIFORNIA.

y"y'''

Mines and Mining

CHLORIDE CAMP
Strike in the Minnesota, the Rich-
est in the County.
Chloride starts off this week with
the greatest strike of gold ore ever
made in the county, says Our Mineral
Wealth. The Minnesota shaft at a
depth of 250 feet has opened out into
a body of ore that assays twenty
ounces silver per ton. It is a great
strike and the sale that has been pend
ing will now likely be consummated.
The Connor and Minnesota mines have
been producers of high grade ores for
many years, but it is only lately that
any depth has been attained. Depth is
what is counted in this district.

In the shaft of the 350-foot level in the Merrimac, a body of 1,000 ounce
silver ore was struck Saturday that is developing into something big. It is a
wonderful strike. The expert mill
builder is on the ground making his
plans for the new concentrator. It will
be of fifty tons capacity and will be in
operation by the first of December.
The name of the builder is F. Booth.
The well being driven at Yucca by
the railroad company is down 370 feet
and there is seventy feet of water in
the well. It is reported that drilling
will not stop until a depth of 600 feet
is reached and also that the company
will sink an open shaft and drift for
water. They are now sinking in shale
formation and have struck a small
quantity of coal all through the clay.
The striking of water at Yucca is a
matter of great importance to the rail
road company as it will do away with
the hauling of from six to eight water
tank cars every day and tend to stop
delays. It is evident that the Santa
Fe is preparing all along the line for a
heavier traffic this year. They have
recently put on twenty-five big engines
capable of hauling from fifty to sixty
cars each, and have been extending all
the switches along the line to accom
modate these long trains. The switches
are 2,500 feet long and they have all
been completed except the one at
Drake, which will soon be finished.

THE AJO MINE.
An Interview With Col. C. C. Bean,
Now in the City.
Colonel C. C. Bean is spending a few
days in the city, having just arrived
from the Ajo copper mines in Yuma
county, which he has been developing
for the past year. He recently returned
to Arizona from New York, where he
went on business connected with the
future of the Ajo. Of the plans of his
company Colonel Bean said that the
property would be developed thorough
ly and the men who are behind him
will spend $500,000 before they give up
trying to make a mine.
“The Ajo,” said Colonel Bean this
morning, “is one of the most wonder
ful copper prospects in the whole
country. It would be silly to compare
it with the United Verde, for that is a
developed property, while the Ajo is
yet a mere baby. What is 150 feet in
the development of a copper mine? We
have just begun to follow the vein down
and, although water has appeared in
our workings, we have not reached
the water level. The character of our
ore is base, and at the depth of the
160-foot shaft the sulphide is as hard
as granite. We have the variegated
oxides—black, red and brown—with
carbonate, copper glance and peacock
ore also in the vein. The sulphide ore
appeared in the outcroppings of the
vein, which is characteristic of but few
mining districts in Arizona, and it was
this rich ore that was shipped in the
early days to Swansea after being
packed across the Yuma desert. The
vein of the Ajo claim upon which we
are spending our time at present is
four feet. The last shipment of ore I
made returned forty-four per cent in
copper, $2.50 in silver and small values
also in gold. The copper, of course, is
our main product, but the values in
the by-metals may increase with
depth.
“The mineral zone which contains
the Ajo veins is in a contact. There
is diorite on the north and lime on
the south, and in such a formation
ground for extravagant hopes.
“Miners who have visited the proper
ties say that the Ajo mountains are
impregnated with copper. While it
forms in veins, there is copper every
where on the mountain side. A great
deal of this may be simply the stain of
the metal. At the 100-foot level in the
Ajo shaft I allowed a few men to
chloride, and they are taking out rich
copper glance ore and shipping it to
the smelters with profit. I believe that
the Ajo will become one of the great
camps in the southwest. I cannot say
anything about the future plans, but I
can assure you that the work will be
kept up until the Ajo proves its worth
as a copper producer.”

MINING NOTES.
John Barry and wife, who visited
friends in Kingman the latter part of
last week, have returned to their home
in Chloride. We are informed that
Mr. Barry recently cut into one of the
richest bodies of ore ever found in the
Minnesota mine. The Minnesota is
one of the greatest bodies of ore on the
Pacific slope. Mohave Miner.
The force of miners employed on the
Ramrod mine at Virginia camp quit
work the other day on account of the
poor quality of food furnished by the
cook and an increase of 25 cents per
day in board, says the Mohave Miner.
One dollar and twenty-eight cents per
day for miners’ grub is rather steep.
The men say that plenty of food was
furnished the cook but that function
ary refused or neglected to cook it. A
new force of men will be obtained and
things made more comfortable around
the mine.
H. J. West came in from the Tread
well group of mines at Boundary Cone
yesterday afternoon. The group is
owned by F. U. Smith, H. J. West and
G. W. Koster. Four or five men are
now being worked on the claims. The
principal vein in the group is sixty feet
in width and carries good milling val
ues. The other veins are smaller but
carry very high grades of ore, some of
it running as high as fourteen ounces
in gold. The claims are about six
miles from the Colorado river and can
be reached by good wagon road.
Mohave Miner.
According to Prescott papers Mr. F.
R. Raymond says that during the early
part of August his section was visited
by a cloudburst which tore up things
generally. A reservoir was destroyed,
the road was washed out for a consider
able distance so as to make it impass
able and a tree forty feet long was
washed down the stream from Saw
Mill gulch and lodged ten feet above
the ordinary bed of the creek. Mr.
Raymond is convinced that the Catoc
till will become a good bullion produc
er as soon as matters are straightened
out so that it can be worked.
District Attorney Lang was out in
Big Bug district a few days ago. He
says that some remarkably rich ore
has been struck in new openings on
the north side of the Henrietta mine,
near the Gopher. Three shifts of men
are at work. The shafts, 200 feet apart,
have been connected and there are 300
feet of levels. Water is now being
pumped from the mine. On the Go
pher there are two shafts in fine ore,
and there is 1,500 tons of $20 per ton
gold ore on the dump. Prescott Cour
ier.  
The Denver News of the 10th an
nounces that the Mountain and Plain
festival committee has been forced to
drop the rock drilling feature of the
celebration. The rock was expected to
be brought in 16,000-pound blocks
from the Gunnison quarry. At the
last moment it was found that the
spur track leading to the quarry had
not been used for years, was grown up
in weeds and would not support a car.
This will be quite a disappointment
for the Yavapai and other Arizona
teams who have been practicing for
this contest.

o

BEANS AND SODA
Mixture Successfully Used
by a Squaw to Cure Lockjaw.
“Yes,” said the old Long Islander,
“the newspapers ain’t telling no lie
when they say there’s more danger of
lockjaw on Long Island than there is
in most other places. I don’t under
stand none of this new-fangled talk
about microbes and such, but I know
there’s a lot more danger in cuts and
bruises in the eastern part of the is
land, where my father used to live
when he was a boy, than there is—
well, even around about Jamaica,
where my folks live now.
“I never heard of but one case where
the patient was cured after his face
was set, and that wasn’t by a doctor,
but by an old Indian squaw. That pa
tient was my father, and it was away
back in the twenties, when there was
lots of Indians left on Long Island. He
was nearly grown up at the time, but
still going barefooted in summer, and
cut his foot very badly by stepping on
a broken bottle. He did not pay much
attention to it, being pretty tough and
hardy. It wasn’t long, though, before
symptoms of lockjaw set in. The near
est doctor lived a dozen miles away,
and if my father’s face wasn’t exactly
set, it was next door to it when his
mother thought of an old squaw who
lived only a little way down the road
and who had quite a name as a herb
doctor.
“She came as soon as she was sent
for, and the first thing she done was
to make a bean poultice, sprinkle it
with soda, and slap it on the cut. It
kept the wound open, and I suppose
it killed the microbes. I know father
said it nearly killed him, and if the old
squaw hadn’t stood by and prevented
it, he would have had it off in no time.
But it cured him all right and after
ward when he heard of doctors losing
lockjaw cases, he used to say that it
was because they didn’t know beans.”
—New York Times.

DROUGHT OR COIN HARVEY?
A disastrous drought or an invasion
of grasshoppers destroying the crops
of Nebraska in the summer of 1899
would possibly have made the majority
of the voters declare for cheap,
cheaper, cheapest money by casting
their ballots for House-rent Holcomb
and Bryanarchy in general. But fer
tile lands, good tillage, and sunshine
and showers “combined” and made a
“trust” for farmers’ present profits.
There are rejoicings, satisfactions,
good markets indicative of content
among the agriculturists.
Coin Harvey, therefore, is paid to
promenade the state and deliver his
declamation to arouse the discontent
which a drought, or cyclones, or grass
hoppers, might have created. But arti
ficial discontent is not as durable as
the normal article. It is a counterfeit.
It will not circulate and continue
to have power any more than would
one of Coin’s free coinage dollars after
the pledge of the government to hold
it equal to gold had been withdrawn
or canceled.—Nebraska Conservative.

ETHICS OF THE YACHT RACE.
To the serious minded person, the
speculation to which the towing of the
Shamrock has given rise may seem
hardly worthy of attention. Yet it is
conceivable that the international
amenities of which the great race has
been the cause may have its influence
upon questions of high policy, and tend
to promote the only Anglo-Saxon
alliance possible, which depends on
the growth of that spirit of amity and
trustfulness that cannot be expressed
in the cold and icy language of treat
ies. The most notable feature of the
remarks passed on the other side of
the Atlantic is the implicit confidence
reposed in the honor of Sir Thomas
Lipton as a sportsman. There is no
disposition to higgle over a too liberal
interpretation of the agreement under
which the Shamrock was to cross the
herring pond. If there had been any
disposition to squabble it would have
been easy to do so. It is satisfactory
to note that the coming contest, in
which a considerable proportion of the
Anglo-Saxon population of both hem
ispheres is interested, is being ap
proached in a spirit entirely creditable
to those by whom it was arranged.—
Newcastle (England) Chronicle.

JEALOUS OF A TURTLE.
The villain of this little drama was
a tan terrier; the victim was a small
turtle, called Little Breeches, from a
casual remark by somebody concern
ing the small amount of nankeen
which would be required to construct
trousers for it.
The dog was first comer. When the
turtle arrived, we evinced an interest
in its manners and customs which
made the dog jealous. He could not
bite through the turtle’s shell, so he
dropped it at intervals from the yard
into the area, hoping to crack it open.
That attempt failed. Then he was
found persistently upright in his ken
nel and refusing to come out. When
he was ejected by upsetting his box,
lo! Little Breeches rolled out with
him. He had been sitting on it, hop
ing to smother it or else hatch it out
of its shell.
Then, again, the turtle being missed
and sought was discovered thrust be
tween two logs of a woodpile as far
back as the dog could reach. One af
ternoon the turtle was missed again.
All possible places were searched in
vain. Then the dog was directed to
find Little Breeches. He looked in the
turtle tub and about the yard industri
ously; then went into the woodhouse,
and I saw him glance peculiarly at one
corner while he sniffed in another. Go
ing to that corner I found a small
board loose in the flooring. Taking
this up, I saw the earth beneath had
been recently disturbed. Digging
down a few inches, I found the turtle
planted upside down.—New York
Times.

o

A man’s actions should correspond
with his words.

LIGHT AND SOUND.
We carry a line of instruments and
devices for producing both. Our stock
of Electrical Goods contains every
thing usually required by the elec
trician for putting in Bells, Annun
ciators, Incandescent Lights, etc. Each
article is of recent design and make
and of excellent quality. Our prices
are moderate.

ARIZONA ELECTRIC CO.
V. R. NORRIS, Prop.
’Phone 182. 17 South First Avenue.