The Arizona Republican
THE LARGEST CIRCULATION OF ANY DAILY PAPER IN THE TERRITORY.

The Only Paper Between Galveston, Texas, and Los Angeles, California, that Publishes all of the News in Full.

VOL. IV.

BANKERS MEET  
WAIVE DISCUSSION ON MATTERS OF NATIONAL FINANCE.  
The Hydraulic Mining Question Discussed—No Irrigation and Immigration—The Building of the Nicaragua Canal Will Save Farmers $6,000,000.  
Associated Press Dispatches.  

San Francisco, Oct. 15.—At today's session of the bankers' convention the report of the executive council was read. It declared against indorsing any views on national financial matters, believing that the topics to be treated should be of local character. Papers on “Home resources,” by O. P. Soule, Eureka; on “Payment of mortgage Interest,” by Lowell White, San Francisco, and “Improved methods,” by Frank Bell, of Sacramento, were read and discussed, as were a number of others.  
Discussion was also had on the hydraulic mining question—George Ollyer, of Sutter, and Mr. Bingham, of Marysville, speaking against it. Bank Commissioner Heberding read an address in which he stated that there were three important subjects which had not met the attention everywhere that they deserved; these were irrigation, immigration, and the Nicaragua canal. He declared that if the canal were built farmers would save $6,000,000 annually in transportation.  

HE KILLS A MAN  
After Being Driven Crazy by a Lawsuit With His Sister.  

Sonoma, Cal., Oct. 15.—Perry Sears, one of the oldest and most respected farmers in this valley, shot and instantly killed John Riobli, formerly of Napa City, today.  
The shooting took place on Sears’ ranch, and Sears came to town and delivered himself up to the officers. The cause of the homicide is not known.  
Sears has been engaged in a bitter lawsuit over the possession of his home with his sister, Mrs. R. G. Snyder, and he has been driven to the verge of insanity with his many troubles in connection with the suit.  
Great sympathy is expressed in this valley for Sears, who shot and killed John Riobli, on Sears’ ranch at noon today.  
The killing was done with a bulldog pistol, two shots taking effect in the body of Riobli.  
The act was one clearly of self-defense.  
J. P. Rogers, of Petaluma, attorney for Sears, arrived in town today, and is looking out for the interests of his client who, aside from today's difficulty, has been engaged in a long and bitterly contested lawsuit with his sister over the disposition of his farm of 800 acres.  
The difficulty today is the outcome of the suit, which has been prosecuted against Sears to the bitter end.  

THE CHICAGO ANARCHISTS  
Another Attempt to Reclaim the Two Men at Joliet.  

Washington, Oct. 15.—In the supreme court of the United States tomorrow Moses Solomon of Chicago, attorney for Fielden and Schwab, the anarchists who were committed to Joliet penitentiary for life at the time that Spies, Lingg and others were condemned to death for the murder at the Haymarket riot in Chicago, will file papers in two cases to secure the release of the two convicts and then move the cases to be advanced. The principal point is the old technical one already argued in the Illinois courts, that the men were sentenced by the Illinois supreme court when they were not present and that said court had no power to sentence them. There are also other technical points raised. Gen. Ben Butler is associated with Solomon.  

THE LIBRARIANS’ CONVENTION  
They Discuss Various Matters Relating to Public Libraries.  

San Francisco, Oct. 15.—At this morning’s session of the American Librarians’ convention President Green said the members would leave Saturday for a visit to Santa Cruz and Monterey. Assistant Librarian Wallace read a report on state librarians suggesting a number of needed reforms. A paper on library architecture was read by Charles Sone of Brookline, Mass., and Dr. Poole of Chicago criticized some features of the Boston public library and the congressional library at Washington. After the convention adjourned the members took a special train for Palo Alto where they will be entertained by Senator Stanford.  

ANOTHER DIFFICULTY  
Political Complications That May Stop the State’s Appropriations.  

Hartford, Ct., Oct. 15.—The Treasurer and Comptroller are required by law to meet today in the Treasurer’s office to fix the value of non-resident stock in banks and insurance companies for taxation. This morning Comptroller Staub, Democrat, appeared accompanied by M. H. Sanger, Democratic candidate for Treasurer at the late election. The Treasurer’s office is still occupied by Henry, the Republican hold-over. Sanger was refused admission as Treasurer but was told he could enter as a citizen. He and the Comptroller then met as a board outside the Treasurer’s office and adjourned until 2 o’clock to meet in the Comptroller’s office. This action is likely to complicate the collection of state taxes.  

FILLMORE NOT IN IT  
He Will Discharge All Employes That Belong to the Order.  

San Francisco, Oct. 15.—Chief Diernon of the Order of Railway Telegraphers left here for the east tonight. He had a final interview with Superintendent Fillmore of the Southern Pacific railway regarding the recognition of the order by the company. Fillmore told him that the company would not recognize the order and would discharge any employes belonging to it.  

PRISONER SUICIDES  
Rock Springs, Wyo., Oct. 15.—Dr. Joseph Bell, confined in jail last night for arson, set fire to the building and burned to death. He said that his true name is J. V. Elliott and that he was a policeman near Farmington, Mass., for which he was sentenced to the penitentiary for fifteen years but escaped. He was well known in the West and for several years was army surgeon at Fort Robinson.  

THE ATLANTA HEARD FROM  
She Outlives a Long Gale and is Re-coaling.  

Delaware Breakwater, Del., Oct. 15.—The United States steamship Atlanta, which left New York on Sunday to go to the assistance of the Despatch, arrived here this evening short of coal. The Atlanta had fifty hours of heavy gale during which her house pipe split and a violent explosion of gas occurred by which six men were injured, two of them in a critical condition. The Atlanta is repairing her engines.  

SAN FRANCISCO GRAND JURY  
Validity of That Body Sustained by the Supreme Court.  

Los Angeles, Oct. 15.—The supreme court this afternoon discharged the writ in the San Francisco grand jury case and ordered Raymond remanded to custody, thus sustaining the validity of the grand jury.  
The court in its decision says that the San Francisco grand jury is a de facto body and persons summoned to testify before it cannot raise the question as to its legality to act. The question of the legality of the grand jury should be tested in modes provided by law by those who have the interest in question.  

WILLIAM DALTON  
Acquitted by the Jury and Immediately Re-arrested.  

Visalia, Cal., Oct. 15.—William Dalton, charged with complicity in the Alila train robbery, has been on trial in the superior court for ten days. This afternoon the jury returned a verdict of not guilty, being out only thirty minutes. The prisoner cried when the verdict was read, while his wife and attorney shook hands with the jurymen. Dalton was immediately rearrested on a charge of robbery committed in San Luis Obispo county.  

FRUIT GROWERS WARNED  
Horticulturists Urged not to Import Peach Stock for Fear of the Yellows.  

The pamphlet on peach yellows recently arranged for publication by Secretary Lelong of the California State Board of Horticulture has just been issued from the State Printing office. It is a comprehensive statement of the ravages of the disease in Eastern peach orchards, and if California fruit men and nursery men will but take warning and heed the advice here given, the object of the pamphlet will have been accomplished.  
The only way in the judgment of the best horticulturists to keep the yellows out of the state is to plant only home grown peaches, to import none whatever. The contagion may even be spread in the pits, it has been found from sad experience. J. H. Hale, the Connecticut nurseryman, who became well known horticulturally as special agent of the census, says emphatically that trees cannot be safely imported from infected localities, no matter what the treatment. He says:  
If California is now free from the yellows you should use every precaution against its introduction, either by trees, buds or pits from infected districts, for I am satisfied that it is a disease that can be easily distributed in either of these ways. My judgment, gained by observation in nearly all peach growing sections of the United States during the past few years, is that nearly every peach district east of the Mississippi river and north of Mason and Dixon’s line is more or less affected by this disease, while the South and West are particularly free from it at this time, and I most certainly hope that you will be able to keep it out of the superb orchards of your state.  
The San Bernardino county commissioners have already taken steps to keep all imported stock out of that region. A prohibitory law similar to those in force in New York and Michigan is to be submitted to the next legislature.  
Report is current that a San Jose nurseryman has already placed orders east for 200,000 young peach trees. The quarantine officer of the Horticultural Board has power to detain and disinfect these trees, but as yellows is a constitutional disease nothing but destruction can be of avail to prevent its spread.  

AN ORE FINDER  
A Craze in Colorado Over a New Patent Machine.  

A Denver, Col., dispatch to the St. Louis Republic says: There is a great craze in Colorado over a patent a man claims to have, by means of which the rich portions of a vein of mineral can be at once discovered. Just what the machine is nobody seems to know, but it is a small instrument that can be readily carried in the hand. The first trial was on the Brownlow, in Park county, a property that at one time had a quantity of good ore but which development has failed to make profitable. Here it is given out the machine indicated that the rich ore had been left and that all work was being put on developing a feeder. With the machine as a guide operations were changed, and the result is, according to the owners, that the mine is in as good pay ore as it ever was. The owner of this invention is trying his hand in Clear Creek county this week. Everybody is anxiously awaiting the result, but few, however, have any faith in the thing.  

Victoria and Tennie Again.  

Victoria Woodhull and Tennie Claflin are reported to be preparing for a permanent return to New York. These women are married to Englishmen, but the latter are so obscure that their wives are better known by the names they bore in Wall Street. No wonder Vickie and Tennie want to return. Life in London must be very dull, as they have no social recognition. Even Lady Randolph Churchill, formerly Miss Jerome of this city, has never called, and other instances of neglect might be mentioned. It is supposed that Vickie and Tennie will bring their husbands along, and will also bring a huge amount of British capital to use in their operations. The success of London capitalists in buying our breweries and distilleries, as well as railroads, encourages these movements, and Vickie and Tennie can open an office in Wall Street and create a wider sensation than ever. P. Y. Cory, Troy Times.  

PHŒNIX, FRIDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 16, 1891.