SPORTING NEWS

PAGE THREE
THE ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, MONDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 18, 1916

FAIR COMMISSION GETS IN HARNESS FOR FINAL DRIVE

Only eight more Monday mornings will come and go before the big Bates ‘way will be swung wide to receive the waiting thousands to the annual Arizona Exposition of Resources and the Twelfth Arizona State Fair, and it is precisely because there are only eight more of these Monday mornings that the meeting of the state fair commission which is taking place at the offices of the commission at the state fair grounds today and for the coming two days is so important.  

It is some time since the commission met in regular session here, and since that time Secretary Shaughnessey has been about the busiest man in this section of the state. All the things that he has done and all the plans that he has laid, will be passed on at the meeting today, and further plans will be laid and more arrangements for still other things to be done will be gone over.  

The commission comes to Phoenix this time with a little bit of distinction attached to it. Two of the members are successful nominees of their party. Chairman C. M. Roberts of Cochise, is a successful aspirant for the nomination of Senator from the big square county; whilst Homer R. Wood of Yavapai is the Democratic nominee for presidential elector. Commissioner Layton of Graham holds no other office than that for which he is named in the commission.  

It is the intention this year to make the state fair even more distinctive than it was last. The resources exhibit of the exposition, always a most interesting portion, will be given greater attention, while there will be no diminution of the attention paid to the round of the events before the big grand stand. Present indications are that the sensational events will surpass those of other years. A great deal of local interest will be engendered by reason of the fact that for the first time in the fair’s history, big money will be paid to the local and state drivers of benzine buggies, and time-smashing motor vehicles generally, in contradistinction to the policy of many former years in paying out too great a portion of the income in getting famous riders here.  

But this does not mean that there will be no famous riders or drivers in the fair this year. There will be enough to draw big crowds surely, but there will be more attention paid to home talent than formerly.  

Last year’s stock show is to be improved upon if it is humanly possible to do so. On account of the quarantine against foot and mouth disease that prevailed last year, some of the finest Arizona stock attending eastern fairs was unable to be sent back to this state for show purposes and hence lovers of fine stock were not permitted to see the prize winners from all over the country. However, there will be many foreign herds here this year in addition to the home-grown prize winners.  

No one who saw the splendid fruit and vegetable exhibit of last year will ever forget it, until the one planned this year is seen, then the last will be forgotten, apples and all. Already the county superintendents are busy collecting it.

AMAZING SHIFTS OF

AMERICAN LEAGUE TEAMS

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING OF THE CLUBS

Club — Won Lost Pet.  
Brooklyn 81 54 .600  
Philadelphia 79 55 .590  
Boston 76 55 .580  
New York 70 62 .530  
Pittsburg 64 74 .483  
Chicago 62 78 .443  
St. Louis 60 80 .429  
Cincinnati 53 87 .378  

Club — American League  
Detroit 83 60 .580  
Boston 80 59 .575  
Chicago 81 61 .570  
New York 73 67 .522  
St. Louis 74 69 .518  
Cleveland 73 70 .511  
Washington 69 69 .500  
Philadelphia 30 108 .217  

Coast League  
Club — Won Lost Pet.  
Los Angeles 93 66 .591  
Vernon 94 72 .576  
Salt Lake 81 77 .570  
San Francisco 84 82 .511  
Portland 73 79 .518  
Oakland 60 109 .355  

WHERE THEY PLAY TODAY

National League  
St. Louis at Boston  
Cincinnati at Brooklyn  
Pittsburg at New York  
Chicago at Philadelphia  

American League  
Washington at St. Louis  
Philadelphia at Detroit  
Boston at Chicago  
New York at Cleveland  

Coast League  
No Games Scheduled.  

Week of Sept. 19–24:  
Vernon at Salt Lake  
Portland at Oakland  
San Francisco at Los Angeles  

WHITE SOX DROP TO THIRD; REDS CLIMB

CHICAGO, Sept. 17. Detroit held first place in the American League as a result of its win over Philadelphia today, but Chicago surrendered second place to Boston through the champions winning here. The standing:  

Club — Won Lost Pctg.  
Detroit 83 60 .580  
Boston 80 69 .575  
Chicago 81 61 .570  

There were no games in the National League.  

REDSOX GO IN FRONT

Republican A. P. Leased Wire

DETROIT, Sept. 17. Detroit defeated Philadelphia today by hitting Bush at opportune times and running the bases with good judgment. The game went ten innings, Cobb scoring the winning tally. He drew a base on balls and went all the way from first to third on Veach’s sacrifice. Crawford was purposely walked to bring up Heilman, a right-handed batter. The latter drove a fly to deep center on which Brown did not even attempt a throw. Bush was very unsteady throughout the game. Coveleskie pulled out of several tight spots in which his poor support placed him.  

Score:  
Philadelphia 43 5 10 1  
Detroit 5 10 2  

AMERICAN LEAGUE

REDSOX WIN  
Republican A. P. Leased Wire  

CHICAGO, Sept. 17. Boston went into second place today when they defeated Chicago. Ruth was in fine form and allowed the locals but five hits, three of which, bunched in the first inning, netted two runs. Faber’s wildness in the second inning proved his undoing.  

Score:  
Boston 6  
Chicago 2  

AUTO EXHIBITS TO BE BUILT  

For the first time in the history of the Arizona State Fair, automobile exhibits will be placed in their own building this year. Secretary Shaughnessey, realizing the rapid growth of the automobile industry in this city in the last year, decided to remodel one of the buildings to be used exclusively for auto exhibits.  

It originally contained sixteen box stalls fifteen feet square and the alterations will leave sixteen exhibition spaces, increased to eighteen feet in length. This will allow plenty of room around the entire car on exhibition.  

Though the alterations are not finished, there have been so many inquiries regarding space that Secretary Shaughnessey has placed it on sale. As there are only sixteen spaces, no reservations will be made—“first come, first served.”  

RAY CINCHES SECOND FLAG  

RAY, Sept. 17. The Ray Miners practically cinched the last half of the championship by winning from the Smelter today by a score of 6 to 2. Hame Delhi pitched his usual high-class game, and also helped in the run-getting by hitting a home run in the fifth inning.  

Score:  
Smelter 2 7 2  
Miners 6 12 1  

CONVICT LABOR IN MOUNTAIN ROADS  

The difficulties of building roads in the mountains are many. Contractors require stiff prices for such roads. In California, the state highway commission is now building very successfully with convicts. Two gangs of 125 convicts, without armed guards, labored through snow and rain, cutting costs to nearly half of contract rates.  

WILLARD ON TRAIL OF WANTON KILLERS  

State Game Warden C. M. Willard warns that “game hogs” have been shooting the imported pheasants and bobwhites released near the Gila River. He vows prosecution of violators.  

SPORT COMMENT  

Freddie Welsh, lightweight champion, recently kept more than 300 women waiting for an hour at a Colorado Springs exhibition; he was found strolling leisurely with his little daughter, showing her shop windows—utterly unconscious of time.  

SYDNEY MARVIN TALKS TENNIS  

Sydney A. Marvin says handicap tournaments develop champions; boys’ tennis clubs he organized produced players like Maurice McLoughlin. His rule: “Play tournaments—learn by doing, not reading.”  

ROQUE PRODIGY  

Bernardin Currier, twelve years old, made a perfect 125-point score in the Missouri Valley roque tournament, defeating veteran players including his grandfather.  

EDDIE MAHAN ON HARD WORK  

Eddie Mahan, famed Harvard athlete, told Berkeley boys: “Ty Cobb, Ted Coy, and Victor Heeman earned fame by hard work. That’s the only way you boys can succeed.”